Pretty good Cheese Steaks. Special of 1/2 sandwich w/ fries and a drink for $6.85 and it's a fountain soda so it's all you can drink ftw!

Only negitive is the hours: 9am-4pm
I wish I would have tried this place sooner!  My husband had only tried it once while working downtown and had never mentioned it to me.  That was until, I was sick of the usual and suggested we stop downtown on the way to Chandler.  

I ordered a regular Cheese Steak with onions (banana peppers on the side).  It was incredibly juicy, flavorful, and beyond delicious!  I scarfed it down and wanted more.  In fact, a week later, I went back for another b/c I could not stop thinking about how good it really was.  But this time, we went during lunch hour on a weekday and it was so busy that I didn't get as much meat...so it wasn't as good as the first time.  I will be back though, just not on a busy weekday.  I loved that they also sold east coast desserts (TastyCakes, which I had never had and liked) and chips.  The service was very good, on my first visit and even during lunch hour.
I went here a couple weeks ago and was pleased with my cheese steak. I had it then with just the meat and cheese. Today when I returned, the guy at the counter asks, "With onions and mushrooms?" Okay, yeah. "Sweet or spicy peppers?" Spicy, please. And what I received knocked the socks off that earlier sandwich. 

This place is tiny, cramped, a bit chaotic and is apparently cooled by wall-mounted fans. Yet I can see myself going here on a regular basis. So, the next time you're having one of those moments, like Ameerah A, opt for the cheese steak. Just be sure to let me know before hand so we can meet up.
I've never actually been here (always had someone go and get it) and the only thing I can rate are their cheesesteaks because that is all I have ever had.  Based on that alone, it gets 5.  It is the most authentic cheesesteak that I have had in the PHX.

Shredded steak, melted cheese THROUGHOUT, not just shredded steak on a slice of cheese, and the bread, oh the bread.  That's all.  No cheese whiz, no lettuce, tomato, peppers ... just cheese and steak.  And it's heaven.
We finally made it to Best of Philly since we were on winter break and could actually make it in here before they closed!  Little did we know they are actually open on Saturdays.  Oops!  We drive down Central everyday on our way home from work and we have been slowly trying all the restaurants we see.  We're almost done too!  

Best of Philly is a teeny tiny little place that packs a big punch in terms of flavor.  I ordered a simple cheesesteak with nothing on it and I was very pleased.  The bread was fantastic!  It was soft and chewy with just a slight crisp on the exterior.  It definitely tasted like fresh baked bread.  The steak was thin and yummy, but I like mine a little saltier, a la Charley's.  The cheese was ooey gooey and the perfect thing to bring everything all together,

I would like to come back, maybe on a Saturday and get a cheesesteak with mushrooms.  A rogue mushroom found it's way into my cheesesteak and it was awesome!  Now I gotta see what it would be like with a whole bunch of them!
Boy this place is annoying.  Every time I go by, they are closed.  They are open ONLY for the midtown lunch crowd and that is it.  We finally got a chance to go during our Xmas break and boy was it good.  I ordered the Bomb Steak which included peppers, onions, cheese, and a lot of meat.  No cheese wiz (too bad) but good white american cheese and a great piece of bread really makes this one of the best phillies in town.

My only complaint is that this place is just so small.  There is so little room to eat or even stand.  They would benefit from a walk-up window for to-go orders.
Best of Philly in my opinion is hands down the Best Cheese Steak in the Valley.

They build sandwiches to your liking with fresh baked bread, lean steak grilled with olive oil and real American cheese. 

Yes the place is small, however the owner has a giant heart. He and his wife have stayed true to form and their passion for cleanliness and quality shines through with every menu item.

My business partner and I have made the pilgrimage to Best of Philly in Phoenix every week from Tempe for six years running.

Best of Philly experimented with a second location in Mesa; however, they sold that store off, so be sure to stick to the real deal and grab a coupon from the website.
Best of Philly is the best place to get an authentic cheese steak in Phoenix, Arizona. John, the owner, is a transplant from the East Coast and he knows what he's doing. Get a regular cheese steak, ask for mushrooms, onions, pickles on the side, or try the bomb steak, or even the pizza steak. They're all exceptional, find or create your own favorite! Good french fries, and free refills on drinks. Check out their website at http://www.bestofphillyaz.com for a discount coupon, print it out for you and your friends and enjoy the best lunch in downtown!
I like this place. A group of us decided to try it out for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. The man behind the counter was very helpful and patient with us. I had the Philly with onions and mushrooms. I loved the White American cheese. I am not from Philly and have not had many cheesesteaks, so I am not even close to an expert on the topic, but i liked what i was eating. The iced tea was good, which is becoming very hard to find. 
They messed up one of our orders and made a new sandwich and also wrapped up the "mistake" for us to take with us.
When you are looking for the best Philly in Phoenix, look no further; this is the place.  The sandwich almost melts in your mouth... holy cow! It was delicious.  The fries are just your standard run of the mill fries, or they would have gotten 5 stars.
FABULOUS ! 
When i lived in Phx i craved a cheese steak having had some of the best this one is great  . This area is a mixed bag of nuts & NEVER thought I would find this winner in the SW. I miss this area if i ever get back I will be getting a cheesesteak from here .
O.K. so I went to my first Overeaters Anonymous meeting on Monday....  no joke. So before I do that deal I'm saying goodbye to my favorite Phoenix delicacies. 

This Place --ohhh. 

It's sex. It's total sex. 

Sometimes sex is nice. It's fun, it doesn't hurt, it's familiar. 

Not here. 

It's like the shy unassuming person you never really thought of doin' it with before.  It's been in the neighborhood forever, you never really hear about how awesome it is, it doesn't look like much from the inside or outside. It kind of looks like an old school adobe Taco Bell. 

So, never really having had a good Philly Cheesesteak sandwhich, I wasn't sure what to expect. 

The Menu is pretty simple. 8 different cheesesteaks, gyros, subs, fries, onion rings, tasty cakes, salads, burgers. 

Well duh, I'll get a cheesesteak. 

The cheesesteaks are 10 inches. 

Even after I saw that, I was thinking,"I can take this". I ordered a half mushroom one, a half pizza one. Thinking I could take 5 inches at a time, and save some for later. 

So I began taking it. 

This shy unassuming restaurant began showing how truly Freaky DeeKay it was. 

The first bite was mind blowing, amazing, opening up whole new vistas of experience. I never knew it could be this good. The steak is chopped on the grill with olive oil, and then covered in white american cheese. The mushroom added the best mushrooms I have ever had on a sandwhich. The pizza side added really well done pizza sauce. 

That first bite ohhh. 

Then thats where it got nasty, and rough.

It's too much! I thought I was tough, I thought I could take it- but this is fried red meat covered in fatty cheese encased in delicious carb centric white italian bread.  That first bite was amazing, but I wasn't sure this was for me. I was worried about the damage to my body. I didn't know if my heart could take it.

The sandwhich looked at me as if to say "want me to stop?". I considered that this was rough, this was new- but my 10 inch big boy was such a demonstration of mastery and experience, I couldn't stop. I NEEDED more.

So as I was abandoning myself to the experience I realized this was just on the brink of gross enough to be nasty and carnal, and refined enough to be a truly unique experience. There was no fatty pieces in the meat. It wasn't too hard and tough. It's astuteness tempered itself by being soft and delicate.  There were moments where I thought 'Oh my god, I have to stop, I think I might die!" but I couldn't. I so couldn't.

This in not something I can handle every day. This sandwhich made me want to eat salads for the rest of the week. Not because I feel dirty or guilty, simply because I know taking this thing pushed the physical limits of my body. 

Too many of these and I could easily see myself crying in 
shame and lamenting  "what man would want me now"?
I driven by this place a few times, saying to myself, I gotta try it!
I finally had the opportunity to & i was brutally disappointed!  

I went during the lunch hour. Had an OK crowd inside. On the menu Board, it says "try it, you'll love it" So i did. I paid almost $7.00 for my steak sandwich. It didn't take that long to cook. (that part I was impressed.) When I got my sandwich, it was a skinny little thing. I took my first bite & the sweet peppers were cold. I usually like to eat the whole sandwich, but I had to leave pieces of bread behind because they were, just that, bread!

I've had steak sandwiches before (in philly) & they are soooo good. Nothing compares to it! but if your craving one, don't come here. Go to the other place that starts with a "C"
Review is 3.5 stars, I enjoyed my cheese steak when I visited Best of Philly.  It was a Wednesday lunch time and the place was quite busy, I ordered the combo deal with half sandwich, fries, and a pop.  I was offered onions, mushrooms, sweet, and hot peppers.  I declined the sweet peppers.
I sat down to eat and I thought the sandwich was tasty with good poofy bread, though devoid of mushrooms.  I noticed two slivers of onion and there was a good helping of tangy yellow peppers on top, I wouldn't call them 'hot' by any means.  There were several orders up at the same time as mine, I think someone else maybe grabbed my sandwich by accident.
So, all in all a good experience and I would return.  I've never been to Philadelphia to try the 'real' thing maybe that'll be my next foodie vacation!
For me this is the best cheesesteak place in the Phoenix area. I'm originally from Boston, and this place would be about 2.5 stars there, but it gets four here in Phoenix for at least doing it the right way. My negative is they skimp on the meat. As others have said, they are a bit thin. At least you can get double meat, but at a cost.
I've had the cheese steak, gyro and the chicken tenders and all have been very good.   As you can imagine, this place is not really health but every once in a while you need a gut-bomb.
I am not huge fan of Philly steak, since I haven't found places around the valley offers that authentic taste.  Friend of my suggested try this place, since he knows the owner.  So, I gave it a try...  MAN!! First bite exploded in my mouth!! Never thought Philly steak could be this good!!  Meat is so soft and tender, and flavors are WOW!  Owner says, he only uses fresh and high quality meat..  I can tell!!  I highly recommend this place!!  Try it! You won't be disappointed!!
My BF swears by this place. He says its the closest he's had to the cheesesteaks in Philly. Well I've never been to Philly and if their famous cheesesteaks are like these, than I'll have to past. Don't get me wrong, they taste good but I've definitely had way better. I am a huge fan of cheesesteaks and I've had my fair share of cheesesteaks in my lifetime to make that judgement.
I've been meaning to check this place out for SOOOO long, just never got the chance. I wanted a warm meal, so I decided to go get me a cheesesteak. I went with the regular cheese steak and had them add grilled onions, mushrooms and sweet peppers. It was around $7.50 with the added veggies. It was pretty good, but the meat was underseasoned and there wasn't enough for the size of the roll (10 inch) I needed more onions than they gave me, but it was still a decent cheesesteak. I'll go back if I"m looking for a middle of the road cheesesteak,, but am sadly still on the hunt for the totally awesome cheesesteak here in the desert
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Best of Philly yet... I've been coming here for ten years now and the food is always consistent, tasty and cheap.  Yes, the cheesesteaks are delicious, but you HAVE to try their gyros. AMAZING. Just remember your number if you call in for takeout...they don't take your name. Bombsteak!
Amazing!  Simply all around great.
Love this place, I've been coming for years and the same family has been here since I can remember which means their food is just as good today. Cheese steaks are great and make sure you get the grilled peppers!
great people run this place. it is clean and the food is always great.
One of the best cheese steaks in the valley!  Can't wait to go back.  We tried to but they were closed for the day :-(

Their hours vary quite a bit by the day of the week (they cater mostly to the weekday lunch crowd) so if you are going on the weekend then check the hours.

Some of their other offerings look good too, but I'm not sure I'd try them....I'm just there for the cheese steak and that is all....yum!
Bread, Tastykakes & wise chips..
Perfect taste, just a little light on the steak.. Barely enough to cover inside the roll.
Very good, but not "Philly's Best". ;)
I can recommend the chicken cheese steak - very tasty and filling. Onions, good bread, chicken, and cheese sauce -- and it doesn't fall apart.  It could use more chicken for the price, but still good. Note that it's very tiny inside - be prepared to squeeze through. They sell Tastykakes at the register, which makes sense, since the company is located in Pittsburgh. http://www.tastykake.com/aboutus/
I was stoked to find real Philly cheese steak place. They defiantly look the part. But the sandwich, although it was tasty, it didn't have much meat on it!! Especially for $6.59 for a ten incher. I felt like I had eaten a six inch sub with double bread. If I ever come back I guess I'd have to spring for double meat. They did however have "Tasty Cakes" just like back East. You can't beet a good "Butterscotch Krimpet"!
Great cheesesteaks, clean, and everyone here is very friendly!

What more could you ask from from a steakshop??
I'm visiting from LA, so this was the first time I have eaten at Best Of Philly. I will for sure eat there next trip! The Gyros was amazing! And the mushroom steak sub was too die for! Thanks to the nice people working, I think it was the owner and maybe his wife.
Guy knocked me over the head and drug me here caveman-style to get a Philly Steak craving he'd been having out of his system.

He ordered his with onions and bell pepper and two-times extra cheese.

The steak was flavorful, bread was chewy, veggies done just right. 

The white american cheese, however, especially when doubled, was like Elmer's Glue on a sandwich. It ruined it for me (not a cheese lover), but my guy sat there munching with a starry-eyed look on his face chewing through all that cheese.

I asked him how it was; he nodded, likely unable to speak due to cheese mouth glue syndrome. To each his own.

My gyro was delightful, one of the finest I've had. 

Took away one star for how cramped it is inside. They even encourage you to share tables with strangers.
I have driven by this place on Central Avenue for years and never stopped in.  Decided today to grab a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised...the cheeseteak was quite good, but disappointed they don't make them with whiz, the fries were decent and I love that they sell Tastycakes...yummy!  The staff was very friendly and the few tables fill up quickly, so beware of what time you come if you want to eat there.
I'm from Philly, which of course nothing in Az can compare to a real cheese steak. I've visited this place a couple times, and  as the saying goes,  third time was  a charm(not exactly). The guy in the kitchen was rude to me when i tried to grab a few ketchup packets and napkins near the register.I honestly never sat down and ate in there, which I didn't know napkins and ketchup were on the tables. What made my visit worse was that a gentlemen behind me in line did exactly the same thing,and   nothing was said to him.I felt like the kitchen guy was border line yelling at me as if I was going to steal all the napkins and ketchup packets from the  other paying customers... who would do such a thing??? lol. Anyways, my cheese steak was nothing special, which I was hoping it would be on my third visit.And the way i was treated was unnecessary.
Best Philly cheesesteak in town!
Went there for lunch today 3/2/13.  Business hours posted said they closed at 4PM on Saturday's.  Then why the hell were they close at 350PM ?  I will never visit this establisment again.
I treat myself to this every once in a while as an indulgence.  Food is fabulous. Best Philly Cheese steak in Arizona.  Always fresh ingredients and they ship in specialty items in from Pennsylvania.
I was heartbroken on my last visit.  Rather than increase the price (which I would not have minded), They are now using frozen, generic steak patties instead of the fresh sliced prime rib.  I didn't see any of the novelty items (ie.. TastyCakes) and I think they fired their cook as the owner was manning the grill.  Too sad!
I ate here for lunch yesterday, had a cheesesteak, fries and large coke, cost me around $10.   It was a GOOD meal, nothing spectacular.  While not at the top of my list, I would eat there again.
I'm a cheesesteak guy, born and bred. Left the City of Brotherly Shove 30 years ago and my quest for good cheesesteaks continue.

Very impressed with Best of Philly. Their rolls, while not the world famous Amoroso's, are generally good in both flavor and texture. There's a real art to bread that will hold up to a good, gooey steak yet not be too bready. Theirs does the trick.

The cheesesteaks themselves are a great value at about $7 for a 10". I like mine packed, so usually splurge for the extra steak at $1.99. KT loves The Bomb steak with peppers, etc.

The service is always fast and friendly. The dining area is no frills but clean and there's a nice little patio outside if you so choose.

I make a special trip to see these guys whenever down in PHX. Well worth the trip!
Food....very good cheesesteak. Price is good for what you're getting.

Ambiance....tight and crowded. I can feel a little claustrophobic when there isn't enough space between me and the next guy. This place made me feel really uncomfortable...extremely tight, no room to breathe. Almost turned around as soon as I stepped in the door.

Staff...very friendly and efficient.

Verdict...take it to go.
All in all it was ok. The bread was the best part. The sandwhich was good just over priced for the volume of meat. Read Jack N's review. Here it is.

 The steak tasted good.  Had a nice juice to it and was tender enough.  I wish they put enough of it to fill the bun.  The toppings also were a bit on the light side.  If you are going to charge 7 bucks for a cheesesteak you should be generous with the toppings.
I can't decide which is better the Philly cheesesteak or the onion rings...both are delicious! If i worked in Phoenix I would eat here all the time.
I think this is the most underrated lunch spot in central Phoenix.  Authentic  Philly food.  Can get busy at noon, but you can get it to go....
First to review?! This place is a freaking GEM. Want cheap DELICIOUS bar food ? Screw going to PT's, this is the spot. My coworkers have been coming here for years (the insanely cheap "taco tuesday" special is a staff favorite) and finally dragged me to this hole in the wall one day. I didn't expect much from the humble surroundings, but I was blown away by the food!

Ok ignore anything I've said about Philly steaks in other reviews. THIS my friends is the best Philly steak I've had in Las Vegas. 

PHILLY'S FINEST OUR SPECIALTY 
Our Famous Philly Steak Sandwich 
Your Choice of Beef: Tender Sirloin Tip, or 
Chicken: Thinly Sliced Breast and Thigh 
Includes Choice of Steak or Curly Fries or Cole Slaw 
Philly $7.95 
with Cheese $8.75 
with Bacon $8.75 
with Bacon & Cheese $9.25 
Your Choice of Toppings: Fried or Raw Onions, 
Marinara Sauce, Mushrooms, Green Peppers Extra Cheese .50¢ 

So I've had the steak, I've had the chicken. Both are HUGE insanely filling and really really tasty. For the chicken one I did marinara and green peppers.. MMM heavenly. PS - you want it with the CURLY FRIES. 

Artery clogging goodness at its' best. Awesome cheap ( under $5) lunch specials and crazy good Philly steaks. My official favorite bar food spot in Vegas !
saw Blair's review of the place and  i figured WTF i drive by ths place all the time, why not give it a try ?!?

Hit it for lunch last week and i'll be damned ! decent philly steak ! And i haven't had curly fries in a long time and these were good by me - dunk 'em in the 'ol ranch dressing I'm coming back for sure.

Cost about $12 bucks with the diet coke - might be a lil on the pricey side but they did have some lunch / dinner specials that i'll try someday soon.  

pic added
I'm a regular...

Patty melt is outta sight & reasonably priced.  Everything is cooked to order served hot & delicious.  Never have to wait more than 15mins for our order. However, service suffers on Thurs. due to gaming specials the place is packed!
Be careful of what activity is going on when you visit.  DO NOT  for food go when there is a drawing or contest.  Your food and service will suffer greatly!
I have been going here for four years and seemed to have not put in the good word for this neighborhood video poker bar. Not too much has changed, the prices went up slightly, but the food quality is still top notch. Tonight went with the old standard, the Philly at $9.99 with your choice of toppings and steak fries. I really never had a bad meal here. The cheesesteak has the rolls directly from Philly and real steak being chopped and cheese folded into meat. It's a large sandwich and one of the better secret Philly's in the area.
     Waitresses have been there for years and are all very nice, but TV's are new and HD and a huge screen is in the dining room.; Other things i love here is my fav, the Turkey Melt with bacon and cheddar on grilled sourdough and the Pot Roast and the Veggie Omlette for breakfast with potatoes and onl;y 6 bucks. Oh yeah, onion rings are quite worthy too.; THis place does deserve props for its longevity and solid food over the years.
Gotta try their chicken Philly and their red velvet cheesecake! Both are supper yummy!
Because it's out of the way for us, we hadn't been to the Triple Play in years.   Went in this past weekend and we were thrilled that the philly steaks are still among the best in the city.  It's so good that I'd give it five stars if it weren't for the smoke.  As it is, I won't eat in LV "restaurants" that are attached to bars because the smoke smell ruins the food...but I make an exception for Triple Play.  Outstanding philly steaks...it's just that simple.
This place has wonderful bar food - the best Chicken strips in Las Vegas!  I order the medium, and it's great.  The zucchini strips are great- they are beer battered (not breaded w/crumb topping) and tasty with the cheese sauce!  

Enjoy!
I love this place!! All the food is amazing. I recommend it to everyone!! Their Philly cheese steak is the best I have ever had by far! The food is ALWAYS hot when you receive it.
A.K.A. The best Philly cheese steak in town hands down. 

If you have ever read any of my reviews I gets down on the steak and cheese. Yes I eat them plain but that don't mean nada. Food slingers is now closed formerly #1. Pop's is NO good they use frozen meat. 

Well Vegas is never ending when it comes to entertainment and apparently never ending when it comes to steak and cheese sandwhiches. I stumbled upon this gem of a place because I had a coupon for buy one get one free in the entertainment book and boy did I get lucky. 

Yes it's a bar, yes it's smokey on one side, yes the service isn't great and YES the philly steak and cheese is delicious ( it has now been comfirmed by the philly phanatic lol) 

I've been here 5 times since and always get the philly. They also have steak or curly fries which makes it even better. The meat is amazing steak it's gotta be rib eye and it's goooooood perfectly seasoned also on a nice soft bun. I cannot confirm nor deny cheese whiz though sorry. I do swiss. 

The vegas Villains
This dive was one of my main hangouts in the 90's. The Philly cheesesteak was the best in Vegas. I just moved back to Vegas after 12 years in Texas. I stopped by the Triple Play wondering if the food would still be as good as I remembered. 

I was not disappointed. The Philly cheesesteak was still as good as it was back in 1993. I'll be eating here frequently. Glad to be back in Las Vegas.
Nice spot... famous for their Philly cheesesteaks. Being from Philly, we're hard to satisfy, but these were very good. My wife liked the chicken cheesteak better and I favored the meat. But both very good. As good as any I've tasted in Vegas. With all that, the service was even better. Dina was friendly and helpful and although an ex-New Yooorka, she is a good reason to return and try something else on the menu. One slight negative, the cheesesteaks were slightly overpriced. Didn't like the fries, liked the colealaw
Hmmmm. This is a Vegas classic, dark, smokey, cheap drinks and cheap food. I was there with a group of maybe 12. We did find seating, although we had to inhabit one of their 4- plex poker machine table thingys. I'm not much of a gambler but this place obviously caters to them big time. There are quite a few machines of all types stuffed into this place (and this place isn't all that big)
There was some kind of big wheel thing that people were spinning off and on throughout the night, not sure what you win, but it was the center of attention when someone stepped up to it.
Like I said, cheap drinks and cheap food. Friendly bartenders are key, and they nailed that one on the proverbial head. You can tell the regulars there too, nice people they were. Easy to strike up some convo with. Not a place I'd go out of my way for, but if in the area, it's a good watering hole for sure.
I can confirm that the cheesesteaks here are really good. Good portions which mean that you should plan a nap after eating here to work off the food coma. Good onion rings too ...
good prices for a heffty amount of food!! nice quite place maybe be a distance away from the strip, but its worth it if you have someone who can drive or can afford a cab ride there and back
Good food, good prices, and friendly staff.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  Give it a shot you won't be disappointed.
Let's face it folks, watching Top Chef at 2am is going to lead to a little night food hunt.

A quick thought, I have not been to Triple Play in....Well years, far to long actually...And I want a good Philly Cheese Steak...

So off we go, the wife complaining that I am dragging her across town (15 minutes) to a place she has never been (she's been a couple of times) and she probably won't like (she did the couple of other times).

Anyways, it looked closed when we rolled up at 3am, never have I seen the parking lot empty, but tonight it was...This cannot be good ! Has the place closed down? has the food gone to hell ? Nope it was just dead.

There was a time that all I had to do was walk through the door, the waitresses would put in my order and bring me a diet coke...Those days are gone, now I am a nobody...How the mighty have fallen...Guess I should visit there more than once every 5 years huh.

Anyways, I ordered the Philly cheese steak with mushrooms, the wife had the burger, would the Philly still be good ?

Oh hell yes it is, the meat is good, the cheese is good (no cheese wizz used but hey it's Vegas not Philly) and a fantastic roll.

There are certain things that bring back memories for people, smells, sights, taste...Yep this Philly has not changed in the 20 plus years I have been eating it. It really is the best in town and certainly worth the drive to get it.

As a note, it was actually displaced for a short while by a philly place set up in a Texaco gas station at Lake Mead and Buffalo (now gone but not forgotten) so if you're a Philly lover go for it.

The Cheeseburger also got the thumbs up from the wife.

The service was good, as the only people in there it should be, but the server was friendly, quick to refill drinks and didn't press us to pay the bill quickly...

Ok, Philly, cheeseburger, two soft drinks..$18...Yep I am happy.
You want atmosphere?  You're not gonna get it here.  We must have driven by Triple Play a million times and never noticed it.  It's a hole-in-the-wall kind of place that's nondescript on the outside.  But with an Entertainment coupon beckoning us, we figured it was a good place to go for a quick dinner after a show at LVH that ended close to 10:00 p.m. and was on the way back home. 

The inside isn't more impressive than the exterior:  dark, a little smoky in the restaurant from the proximity of the bar area, the video poker machines populated by the sort of locals who you just know have an intimate relationship with the stool they're sitting on.

The dining room - mostly vinyl-covered booths surrounding a few pub tables in the center - was tired-looking, and I would have jumped at the opportunity to be handed an expense account to do a complete make-over.

So with all these negatives, why am I giving Triple Play five stars?

1.  The food is delicious.
2.  The portions are BIG.
3.  The prices are incredible.
4.  The service was outstanding.
5.  The leftovers meant no cooking the next night.

One star for each.

Oh, and the last time I saw a glass of wine in a restaurant priced at 3.25, gasoline was .75 cents a gallon!  But five stars is as high as I can go.

Besides the usual burgers, sandwiches, and cheese steaks (which the waitress said is what they're known for), there are dinner entrees. The entrees come with soup or salad, plus two sides.  The soup of the day was vegetable beef, which was calling my name on this very cold night.  It was astoundingly delicious - homemade, not overly salty, with big chunks of very good beef and lots of fresh veggies.  Our server said they use prime rib for the soup, and prime rib is their Saturday night special.  I hope it isn't made with peoples' leftovers!

My Lemon Chicken was wonderful, a grilled chicken breast pounded thin, well-seasoned with lemon and herbs, but without any gloppy sauce that that dish often has.  For my sides I had a [big] baked potato, and veggies, and I was delighted that the veggies were fresh string beans, carrots, and mushrooms.  In this kind of atmosphere I'd expect canned, but they weren't even frozen!

Hubby chose Chicken Teriyaki and ordered the same sides, but started with a salad instead of the soup.  His salad was very big, and had a lot of stuff besides the lettuce. 

We were here two nights ago, and since we said we'd definitely go back, we did tonight, and so I'll update this review momentarily!  Oh, and unlike many video poker joints, the kitchen here is open 24 hours.
After walking all day at CES at the Convention Center, there was no way on God's green earth that I was going to go home an cook dinner.  Even the thought of microwaving a couple of Lean Cuisines was more work than I could bear.  So a scant two nights after our first encounter with Triple Play, we decided to return.  Hubby was eager to try their well-respected Cheese Steak.  I figured I'd get some sort of sandwich, too.  But when we walked in and I saw the little blackboard announcing that Tuesday is Chicken Tortilla Soup, and the Entree Special was Pork Roast for 7.99, it was a no-brainer.

At that price I sure wasn't expecting much.  But I'm a quick learner, and the lesson here is that you can get quality, quantity, and a low price all in one little restaurant check.

The Chicken Tortilla Soup isn't exactly the same species as what you'd get in Mexico.  Here it was very thick and creamy, and very, very spicy.  I'm not a fan of cream soups, not because I don't like them, but because they don't like me.  But I have to admit, though,even through my burning throat and running nose, that it was delicious.  

I tasted the Cheese Steak, a food I've had maybe twice in my life (for the same reason as cream soups); it tasted fine, but since I'm no connoisseur, I have no idea if it deserves the accolades accorded it by the waitress and other reviewers.  Hubby sure liked it, and for him to like something that doesn't cluck is a major deal.

I couldn't believe the plate of food placed before me when my Pork Roast special was delivered:  three thick slices of the Other White Meat, a portion of savory and delicious stuffing, a scoop of real mashed potatoes, a small cup of applesauce, a bowl of gravy (I asked for it on the side), corn off the cob, and a slab of hot and tasty garlic bread.  $7.99?????  I don't understand how they do it!  I would have preferred the green veggies from the other night, for color and nutritional balance, but I sure ain't complaining.  Oh, the pork was a little bit dry, but since I really don't touch gravy, I couldn't benefit from that moisture.  The weight of the take-home box assured me I'd be having this meal maybe two more times.

Hmmm, I forgot to look on the menu to see what specials are on the other six nights of the week, but I'm sure I'll find out in person before too much time passes.
Pretty good priced food.  Graveyard specials are good as well.  Looking forward to trying the philly next...
Food is good and cheap!
This bar has been here since before my time, and I finally went, the other day. I had to try the Philly. It was delicious. I grew up with my server, so my service was on point. She's a great gal and works hard to make sure everyone's happy. Ask for Gwen, and try the Philly steak. It's a Vegas icon. Oh, and sorry Pop's, Triple Play is better!
Best Philly's In Town Hands-Down!!!! You also save money on the Graveyard Shift!! You Get a Choice from Steak or Curly Fries!!! Almost enough for 2 People! And If You Like to Gamble, They Have the Old-School Gambler's Bonus Machines with the Progressive on Every Game even Bonus Poker! Awesome Las Vegas Original!!!!
Philly cheesesteak $10
Served on amoroso rolls or you can have it as a wrap. 
Mushrooms grilled onions sautéed green peppers jalepenos and marinara sauce. 
Super delicious.
Definitely one of the best Phillys I've had in Vegas. The sandwich comes cut in half and I could only eat half /: and as much as I wanted to keep eating I knew I had to stop, their steak fries are the best side choice with the Philly.
If you are looking for a chicken or beef (philly sub)  they have the best.  Loaded with your choice of meat and smothered with cheese and all the extras.  Service is great too. You can get in and out if you are on a time crunch.
This review is based solely on the cheesesteaks. I've had them a few times now and they never disappoint. I'm arguably kind of a cheesesteak snob, and have had a bitch of a time finding a proper one out West, but I can't find anything negative to say about these. They are absolutely perfect! I really can't add much more that hasn't already been said 200 times in other reviews, so I won't even bother trying. I just wanted to add my $.02 worth and here it is: If you love a REAL cheesesteak, this is the place for you. Simple as that. Maybe, one day, I'll get around to trying something else from their menu, but considering how good their cheesesteaks are, I'm guessing that will be quite a while away.
Had to get my fill again of their medium buffalo fingers - I get it with a side salad instead of fries - yummy!  They close on the December 20, 2013 so get your favorite items while you can.
My husband and I discovered the Triple Play on Yelp, so many good reviews about their Philly Cheesesteak so we had to try it! Well let's put it this way a month has passed and we can't get enough of it! The Philly Cheesesteak is juicy, cheesy and just darn right delicious! So this morning (12-8-2013)we thought let's go try breakfast. Well my hubby got breakfast which was delicious but I had to get the cheesesteak with extra mushrooms! As we were enjoying our meal we over heard the waitress tell the people in the table behind us that December 19, 2013 will be the last day the Triple Play will be opened. My husband and I turned around in disbelief. She informed us the owners sold the Triple Play to Jackpot Casino and the new owners will not have a kitchen. Very sad news considering the Triple Play has been there 27 years, and also very sad to know a lot of people will be out of a job during the holidays. It's very sad to see a great place to eat close, there are not to many good eats in Vegas especially home cooking.
This place has GREAT Philly Cheesesteaks!  Fat Tire on tap.  Video Poker.  What's not to love??  I'll tell you.  They're closing on 12/19/13 at 8 pm.  Sad.  Go get a cheesesteak before you can't.
Had chicken fried steak breakfast here, it was amazing. There are  not many places I'll even order it from but on that morning I was preparing for my ride back home in Cali so I wanted to make sure I'd be good and not need to stop on the way. I had my pup with me, he is a service dog, and they were so totally cool about letting me have him in there. I shared my breakfast and he approved as well =) The gravy was amazing, the food was nice and hot, and the service was impeccable. This place is awesome! Great food, great prices and machines at the bar where I ate so I could play a little while waiting for my breakfast to arrive. Also, the coffee was great and drinks were made VERY well! Not watered down like most places. Just a really great place to hang out, gamble a few bucks and have some really great, fresh food!! I would highly recommend this place and I plan on going again.
If you are looking for cheesesteaks, go to Boodles Tavern and Gaming at 7006 W. Charleston at Antelope. Chef from Triple Play now leasing their kitchen. Check it out. You won't be disappointed.
Ive been eating these cheese steaks since I can remember. They still exist! Over on Charleston and Antelope. Triple Play American Grill check it out for yourself. They are amazing still!
This place came highly recommended from a co-worker but we ended up being disappointed. We showed up at 6:45 and they were already cleaning the grill for the night.. not sure when they close, but we probably should have taken it as a sign and kept walking. 

Because it was "late" we could only get sandwiches.. no fries, etc. Luckily you get to eat in a gas station, sooo you do have a great selection of chips.. whoo. The steaks were just OK. At $6.95 for a small, they are a tad pricey and honestly I think capriottis makes a better steak. Skip this one.
A rare occasion when i disagree with one of my fav Vegas foodies , Ms. Blair B. 

Now granted, I'm in a desperate state trying to find some variety on the Eastside for my lunch fix.  Luckily, i'm only out and about 2 times / week so i  usually hit catfish alley,  Pho Thanh, las pupusa and a few others.

I think this place comes close to  Capriotti's - darn close.  And come on, at a run down gas station ? Now granted, i'm not a cheesesteak expert, though i've eaten at geno's and Pat's ( i prefer Pat's )  but on one of my visits i brought along a PA born cheesesteak "expert" - he gave the place a thumbs up   

 I tried the Cheeseburger my last visit - $3.95 for a 1/2 pounder with cheese and grilled onions ...ehhh ok. 

I noticed a south philly cheesesteak place at trop and pecos near the BofA - I'm thinking a two hour lunch - hit them up and then off to play me  some pinball !
I liked this place alot. I grew up outside of Philly but always made it a point to eat when I went there. Moving to Las Vegas i saw a few places that said Philly STeak in or associated with their name and they were all dissapointing. Geri's was mentioned and I tried it out, no very impressed and will not go back there.
The PCF has some really good flavors and although I am a provolne fan on mine the american cheese used here was pretty good. I am definately not a wiz kid..lol.  This was the best tasking steak sandwhich I had in Vegas and wouldn't say it's even that close to a Philly.
I did the Pat's and Geno;s thing, Pat's is way better but Tony Luke's is my fav!
Not that big of a Cappriotti's steak but their chicken cheese steaks are really good.
This is my favorite place in Vegas to get a Philly cheese steak sandwich.  However, it is in a gas station, so don't be surprised.  It is made to order.  The portions are generous and the price is reasonable.  I'll drive across town for this one.
I always get the Philly Cheesesteak with just meat and cheese. I have never been disappointed!
I and this place for work and we still go there now and again but for me the sweet and hot peppers at caps beat it even though the meat is a little tastier at this places IMO

contrary to everyone else opinion I dislike the set up in the gas station I think it's super awkward and confusing and the employees don't really care to help you out with figuring it out... 

So IMO I would never eat there because its just weird eating in the gas station but getting it to go is not bad just not one hundred percent worth the price for my money to satisfaction ratio... I have only had cheese steaks though but since its the name I feel that's what everyone goes there for!!!
This is another sandwich shop in a gas station, so that's kind of a negative on ambiance (even though it's a pretty nice gas station...as gas stations go), but it means you have an excellent selection of drinks and chips!
The cheesesteaks are good and really packed with meat, but the bread is kind of lacking. Prices are excellent - $8 for a medium cheesesteak, which was more than enough for me and my husband to split.
Overall, a solid choice for a cheesesteak in the area if you're in a hurry (also, a good choice for Sundays since Geri's on Trop isn't open).
My husband and I ate here after church and it was delicious!!! The location is a lil rough around the edges. We didn't go there for the comfy seating.... We tried the chicken and beef philly, both good. We preferred the beef. Try it if you love Philly cheesesteaks, we were pleasantly surprised.
The drive through is open until 3. Oh sweet savior of late night chicken wings. Strangely however there is no menu posted at the drive-through so we decided to go inside...but it was closed. What to do?
No problem. Jeramiah let us inside to order and even offered to let us stay and eat. The wings were magnificent. Crispy but not overdone with delicious sweet spicy sause of some kind.

Jeramiah was a bit discontent with his job and wanted to share. I was in just the right mood to really enjoy his ramblings about his superiors. He was super personable and after taking the order went back to cook it up himself.

Did I mention the wings rocked? The sandwich was pretty good, but the wings really drive the stars up, and right across the street from my apartment! No more mushy dominoes hot wings for this guy.
Unique, fresh and damn good. 

Unique, they are called Steakenburger, they combine a good burger with a good cheese steak. Nuff said 

Fresh, The bun...oh the buns. Fresh local bakery, sliced when ordered, light and spongy. I am a bun kinda guy. 

Damn good, The two slices of cheese, the two thin patties and the cheese steak fixins, all wrapped in "the bun" The beef was fresh, Thin but fresh, not frozen. Served with skin on huge steak frys.... damn good. 

I too wanted a second burger, but opted for 31 flavor for dessert instead.
6 hours later, I still taste the cheesesteak. That's not nearly as bad as it sounds. 

I had some trepidation about trying it with whiz (white american being my choice), but it turned out to be surprising mild and did not interfere at all with the awesomeness that was the meat and grilled onion taste. Probably better than any cheesesteak I've had since leaving the east coast. 

The fries, very thick cut and skin on are good, but could use a tiny amount of seasoning. The roll, while soft, was basically an afterthought for me. It did fine to sop up some of the grease. 

I understand their burgers are top notch as well, but the cheesesteak was so good I'm going to have trouble breaking away and trying something else. Perhaps one day I'll starve myself and drive over with a bottle of Lipitor and have at it.
Open letter to business owners everywhere:

Watch out!  Your dream is in jeopardy.  

All that you'd hoped for, all that you've worked for, is reliant upon one key factor, over which you have only scant control -- you somehow need to get your hourly wage employees to either believe in your same mission, or at least be able to fake it for the paycheck.  How you do that is part of your undertaking as a small biz owner, but you simply must figure out a way to do it.

It just won't do to have a super original idea with great potential (such as the delightful SOUNDING Steakenburger idea) ruined by careless execution (such as the ironic twist of having the SHAVED RIBEYE STEAK portion of the conglomeration OVERCOOKED and OVERSEASONED, ie burnt and salty, while the GROUND CHUCK portion is barely even cooked to a state of RARE.  Shouldn't it have been the other way around -- well done ground meat and rare steak -- at least  for food-safety's sake?).

A wonderful thing like 'fresh-cut fries with sea-salt' looks good on paper (or the menu board).  However it's a menu item that's tough to execute well, and a soggy, greasy pile of limp tubers did not look so good on my plate, nor taste like much more than a soggy, greasy pile of limp tubers.

Business owner, I know you can't be everywhere at once, so aside from standing behind them watching at every moment, there must be a way to instill in employees some portion of the excitement you feel about sharing your idea with the world.
If you can't inspire a little bit of this quality in them, they won't instill enough quality in your food, no matter how creatively and thoughtfully the menu/recipe was formed.

Sadly, many wonderful dreams have ended when the owner gets a rude wake-up call that their brainchild wasn't nurtured attentively enough.
We drive by this place on our way to work every morning.  Every time I look at it, I just laugh.  The name cracks me up.  We finally decided to stop by after work last Friday for a quick bite.

The girl at the counter was very nice and efficient.  The menu  (for SteakenBurger) consists of either Cheesesteaks or Burgers with a few chicken items thrown in for good measure.  I felt like getting the whole experience and ordered The Steakenburger.  This is a interesting concoction of a double cheeseburger with a little bit of Philly Cheesesteak business piled on top of that.  It sounds ridiculous, I know.  It came with fries and a drink too.  The fries were greasy, but perfect for dipping in ranch.  The burger was also greasy but I think it needed some changes.  First, get rid of the extra hamburger patty and put more cheesesteak on it.  Also, instead of provolone cheese, drown that baby in cheese whiz.  That's the way it's supposed to be right?

Anyway, it's a weird place.  I may stop by again, but who knows.  I've had better burgers, but these are A-OK.
I had been waiting to go to Steakenburger since I found out they opened, and last week I finally had the opportunity to pick up lunch and meet the wife at work.  As such, I chose the convenience route and went through the drive-thru.  Two cars waiting for their orders, no wait for the speaker.  The gal taking the order was quite friendly and I put in my order for a regular philly with whiz.  NO fries, as I have learned in my life that generally speaking, when you have a killer cheesesteak, why waste precious stomach room on fries???  Seemed like it took a little while for the cars in front of me to get their orders, so I figured mine would be up quickly, seeing as I had spent all that time in the queue already.  Imagine my surprise when the guy at the register wanted to verify what my order was...not a great sign.  All in all, from ordering to receiving the food, it was close to 10 minutes, which is okay, but could be a little bit faster.

Got to the destination and sat down to enjoy the sandwich...it was nicely wrapped up not only in paper, but foil as well, which was a good touch as it helped keep the sammich warm.  The bread was good as well and the cheez whiz was nice and cheezy.  The steak was good for the most part, however, right in the middle there was a big piece of fat/gristle that I was not a fan of.  Overall, I'd say I was...whelmed.  I mean, I really wanted to love their phillys.  I thought it was good, not great.  Good thing was that for the most part, it got better as I ate it, which I like.  (They are definitely a far cry from the best philly cheese steak I've had in my life, which was from Steak Stuffers USA in Tulsa OK...yes, you read that right) I certainly will give them another try though.  

3.5 stars rounded down to 3.  Knocked down due the wait, the gristle and  lack of wow.  (Side note:  I don't like the combo restaurant thing...can't you be one or the other, maybe this is what led to the long wait?).
Without question, the best Philly Cheesesteak I've had! The ambiance is still changing/improving since the new owners took over,  but if you're looking for a mean, big guy loving Philly, you've come to the right place. Their homemade thick fries are great too. Just the right amount of sea salt. I got the Steaken combo with CheeseWhiz, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. I was stuffed! The owner asked me to name one thing I would change or that could improve and I couldn't think of anything. I've eaten here before and this was as good as I've gotten. Not sure what the other review is talking about.
Open letter to restaurant customers everywhere (especially Yelpers):

The inc.com article recently discussed in Yelp Talk makes good points about the serious impact that Yelp can have on a business, positive or negative.
http://www.yelp.com/topic/tempe-new-article-on-yelp
http://www.yelp.com/redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inc.com%2Fmagazine%2F20100201%2Fyouve-been-yelped.html

Despite any controversy the article also may have included, I realize the importance of being a responsible reviewer more after reading it, and hope I can share that feeling and understanding with you now.

Especially when it comes to independent, unique, one-of-a-kind places -- would you really want your favorite local flavor to disappear because a yelper or two didn't like a particular server's muffintop or tone of voice?

With that in mind, I must humbly take on a review Update that 's weighed heavily on my soul for some time.

Several months after my initial review of Steakenburger, I received a note from the owner, Tom.  He sent a personal message instead of a public comment, and did NOT at all make the mistake some proprietors do by responding in an angry or condescending tone to my critiques.  Instead I found the response to be brimming with *CLASS*.

I received a sincere and heartfelt letter apologizing for my experience and asking a chance for redemption.  If you read below, you can see that they took the review and steps to address its criticisms VERY SERIOUSLY.

I would like to invite all Yelpers to remember to give second chances and update their reviews often, even the bad ones, whenever appropriate to do so.  
Sometimes things go wrong that are outside of the biz's control.
Sometimes a rogue server is having a pissy day and takes it out on you.
Sometimes they just make a mistake.

We all do.  And we always want another chance, don't we?  Ask us and we'll tell you we DESERVE it, too.   

-----------------------------------------------------------------
"Ryan C-
My name is Tom Philp, owner of SteakenBurger.

First, I am bummed about your bad experience.  With that said, I truly appreciate your candid feedback.  I cringe every time I re-read your experience (which is often), but I believe your review has made us a better restaurant.

While we are still hiring from the human race, and will make mistakes, I'd like to believe that we listen to our critics and respond with systemic adjustments to prevent future similar occurrences.

I have waited some time to respond to insure that I felt comfortable that we had improved our processes and consistency.  

I'd like to invite you back for a do-over ....
I've read all of your reviews and know that I could get skewered again if we fail you, but also feel that we would get a favorable review IF (and only IF) it is warranted.  At the risk of your wrath, I invite you back. 

Thank you for your consideration of this invitation.

Tom & Judie Philp
SteakenBurger"
---------------------------------------------------

The folks at Steakenburger are a class act, and I wish them great luck in their tough business endeavors.

Steakenburger earned their redemption, and they highly DESERVE it! 

I went back for the food, becasue it is unique and fresh and tasty.  
The Steakenburger was a delicious meat-pile, cooked to ideal doneness, and yet still juicy without feeling greasy.  
The homecut fries seem to be double fried now, or something, becasue they had a crisp outside while retaining a potatoey mushiness inside -- perfectly cut thick with the skins on.  Homecut fries are hard to crisp up, and they've done a wonderful job with this recipe.  

There are ten different flavors of wings (let's see if I can remember them: mild, med, hot, suicide, zombie (?!?), bbq, honey bbq, honey hot, habanero, damn i fell short!) and there is even a neat challenge to eat a certain number of habanero wings within an hour and get your picture on the wall of fame.  
I'm sure Adam Richman has this one on his radar allready for a future MvF.  Steakenburger is way more deserving than some of the junk that's been on DDD, too (Chino Bandido, blech)

In summary: GO TO STEAKENBURGER !
Not much flavor in The steak sandwitch, lots of meat but not a lot of taste, very expensive for lunch, we spent $20.00 for the 2 of us. Atmosphere not good for dinner. Just a lunch joint and not that good, probably won't go back
My expectations were definitely exceeded here.  After attempting to find a good lunch spot in the area for about 15 minutes (so many on Yelp have closed!) my coworker and I settled in on SteakenBurger.  

First off, the place is huge.  I really liked the picnic table style seating, and the fact that they have a few flat screen TV's rocking ESPN - definitely a huge plus.  The prices were really, REALLY reasonable, and you can expect to pay between $3-4 for a good sized burger / sandwich.

On to the food.  I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and my coworker ordered the Hellzapoppin' burger without giving it much thought other than the fact that it would be spicy.  The buffalo chicken was great, they give you your choice of about 10 different wing sauces for it - honey hot is great.  The sandwich is huge, and the 'small' fries that came with the combo were more than enough (and delicious).

Watching my compadre eat his Hellzapoppin' burger was hilarious.  This burger comes with jalapeños, pepper jack cheese, cayenne pepper, and to top it all off - habanero sauce.  Two bites in and his face was as red as a tomato; four bites in and he was literally sweating.  Hilarious! (For me.)

One other thing to note is that they have happy hour here; although it would be kind of weird rocking pitchers of Bud Lite in a fast-food type environment.  The prices are good, with pitchers running you $6.  If I get any more broke I'll be tempted to give it a shot.
This place is way overpriced, as far as the steakenburger part goes.  Bread's meh, the philly steak is meh, all in all - meh...  But very overpriced.  Think 8 bucks for a steakenburger (burger with philly meat as well) fries and drink.
I had craved for some greasy and fried foods.  I figured since I have a coupon and it was near my work; let's give SteakenBurger/Long Wongs a try. The joint is simple with two TV's on the wall and good amount of tables for the lunch crowd.  It wasn't crowded at 1PM.  It's probably never crowded.  I had ordered a combo regular original philly steak + mushrooms with Cheez Whiz ($7.24) with sub for mushroom ($1.75 extra) instead of fries, and small drink ($1.75).  I didn't get my mushroom, but got zucchini instead.  I didn't realize that they gave me zucchini until I took a bite.  As for the sandwich, no flavor at all, just the Cheez Whiz dripping all over.  I do give them having good ice teas.  The total of my combo was little over $11.00 with tax.  Ouch!  I am glad that I had a coupon to use.  I certainly had better philly steak sandwiches for that price.
Being that I work in the area, I had to try Steakenburger after reading good reviews on here.  My first visit last month was awesome.  I ordered a steaken (philly cheesesteak) sandwich with cheese whiz which was mighty tasty and very generous with the meat.  The fries were wonderful large cut steak fries and extremely fresh.

Because of this marvelous experience, I decided to go there again last week.  This time I tried the 2x2 which is a double cheese burger.  The burger was wonderful - perfectly cooked, fresh lettuce, tomato and red onion and very fresh bun, although I wish it would have been better toasted.  The fries this time...a disaster.  It was obvious that whoever the fry cook was, put old fries back into the fryer to warm them up.  They were disgusting.  I brought them back through the drive thru and the woman cut me off as I was explaining to her that you should never re-heat old fries back in the oil.  She just said pull ahead and she would give me new fries.  So I did.  And I waited at the window for over 5 minutes thinking oh good, I'm going to get new fresh fries.  I got another basket of old, hard rocks.

The gentleman who wrote the review and had feedback from the owner has it spot on.  The owner needs to take account of his employees.  This concept is such a good one and could thrive in this town, just so long as the employees give a fraction of a sh*t.

Dear Mr. Owner, re-train your fry cook or fire him!
Sooooo tired of the same ole fast food choices.  Based on reviews tried Steaken/Burger.  Fries were great old style chunk fries.  Hamburger was juicy and tasty but didn't like the bun at all.  Service was good.  If the owner could relocate to a smaller, busier location more likely to reap the benefits for their tastiness.
Went there Sunday 8-29-10 with my two kiddos.

I had gone with the pure intention of trying out the supposedly fiery "Hellza-Poppin'" burger, with Pepper Jack, Jalapenos, and Habanero sauce.  I love hot and spicy foods to a fault.

The burger was indeed a little spicy.  Nothing overly hot, however, as it did not have my face sweating or have me craving a glass of milk, which REALLY hot food does to me.

If you are the dude among your friends (as I am) who is known as the "king of eating hot stuff" you might be a little disappointed in the Hellza-Poppin' burger.

Summing up the Hellza-Poppin':  Tasty, but not a volcano in your mouth.

You definitely taste the heat, but it's not overwhelmingly hot.  Unless you are a hot food wussy, in which case you should stay away from this burger.

If I were to "scale" this burger on a heat scale, basing it on other places in town you can get TRULY HOT food (Los Dos Molinos, Arriba's side order of Hatch chiles) I would have to put it on about a 6.5 out of 10.

My daughter had the original Steakenburger and was not overly impressed either.  Adding the shaved steak to the two patties did not really make the burger better.  The shaved steak actually tasted kind of stale to me when I tried it.  Maybe it was a little bit old.

The wings were very good, though.  My son had the "mild" and he loved them.

Onion rings were also above average.

We'd go back, maybe just for the wings.
After my review criticizing the bun got a personal email from owner of restaurant telling me that he taste tested the bun and agreed.  He discovered that a new person was on the line baking his buns and was not letting them sufficiently proof.  Says the problem is fixed and invited me back.  Will go back sometime but I'm like a food butterfly - on to the new adventure before I revisit the old.
I come by here every so often.  I usually have the 2x2 with some wings and quite a bit of Diet Coke (out of guilt due to the high cholesterol and calorie count) attributed to the food here.  I am not a big fan of fast food, but I make an exception here.

The wings are good and the burgers are good.  The atmosphere is well.....fast food.

The menu is somewhat lengthy and confusing - the SteakenBurger vs. Long Wongs - or a combination?  It always takes me a few minute although I order the same thing each time.

From my experience, the staff are courteous.

Give it a try.........
Coming through PHX on my way home to So. Cal. ,it was time for Dinner.
I didn't want a sit down, give a tip,or have good table manners,  we just wanted a drive thru.  My wife spotted a bill board with " Steaken Burger" on it and we just had to stop. 
Hey, this place was very good, in fact we split the wings, and a burger with fries. The meat  was cooked perfect and  the wing's were spot on. 
Here in So. Cal we just got a 5 Guys around the corner , but your SteakenBurger kills .LUCKY YOU !!!

T
Good cheese steak + good cheeseburger=SteakenBurger 

What else could we hope to see? 

Good sushi + good pancakes=SushiCakes 

Good Thai food + good omelet=ThOmelet 

Good Schwarma + good BBQ=SchwarBQ

Good doughnuts + good custard=DoughTurd

I can see we wouldn't want to go too far with this concept but it's working for SteakenBurger.

I could have sworn I wrote a review of this place months ago. Are some of my reviews disappearing? The Yelp can't just give my reviews away because I have so many! 

So SteakenBurger is a pretty solid sandwich place with big portions. Consider sharing a sandwich and fries here, you can always go back for more. 

If they were closer to home I would go back. Ryan C's review brought me in when I was in the neighborhood. 

The atmosphere is pretty basic, service was friendly and the food was pretty good and reasonable.
This was my first pick up order from Steaken Burger/Long Wongs during my lunch hour as my co-workers have ordered wings and the phenomonal smell always filled the area, so thanks to the folks at Groupon, I tried the place and we placed a pick up order.  The staff was very helpful in placing the phone order and the food was ready promptly when we arrived.  I had ordered the steaken with provolone, green peppers mushrooms and a side of onion rings.  The onion rings were some of the best, probably #2 I've had in the valley.  I don't eat them all the time, but when I'm in the mood, nothing like a side of onion rings.  These were huge and had the perfect amount of breading and onion.  The steaken was ok, I mean it's huge on a 9 inch hoagie roll, but there should be like a choice of wheat or sourdough, and ummm where is the provolone and mushrooms?  BTW-something else is missing on this-- flavor.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but I'd much rather have a 6 inch sandwich that has some shi-bang flavor than a 9 inch with ok flavor. On a sidebar, when I pay extra for additional items on the sandwich I should be able to see them.  All in all, though I'll give this place another shout, maybe if I get their cheez-wiz next time I'll actually see the cheese.
Ordered a 14" chez pizza, 18 hot wings, 6 plain wings, tons of ranch on the side. $21.xx. She charged me $25-something, which seemed a lot more than $13+$7 for the items on the website, which she then later adjusted. Ohhhkayyy.

The cheese pizza came out hot and fresh. Lots of cheese. Good crust. Decent sauce, but I doubt it was made in-house.The weird thing was that the core of the pizza was thin crust but there was a very thick end crust. CONFUSSSINNNNG! 

Hot wings were doused in hot sauce, and were actually hot. Wayyyy too much sauce though. They're wings, not fish. Wings were ok, but there was a LOT of meat on the bone.

I paid peanuts for food that will last me a full day, so while not amazing, it was mos'def great value. RECOMMEND unless you demand the very best pie.
We went here to grab something quick because it was late and our kids were tired. They have a drive through so and its close to home so we stopped. That being said we both got a philly steaken burger and they are huge, we could have shared one. They also give you a large amount of fries, enough to share as well. The food wasn't great but was not bad either. Just another philly cheese steak sandwich nothing stood out enough to make me say that I would go back.
Went to this place over the weekend and ordered 12 wings for pickup.  I only had the wings this time around and they were very good.  You can usually pull around the drive through but there was a car in front of me so I opted to enter the restaurant instead.  The owner was at the cash registered and from placing my order over the phone with a female employee to my encounter with the staff when I arrived and despite them being busy was great.  The customer service experienced this time around was way better than a previous experience I had in the begging of the year.  I will be returning for the wings which I enjoyed very much!
Heard about this place from Barry Young on KFYI and I am so glad they are a sponsor of the show. Awesome burgers made to order with fresh toppings. They were good and greasy. The fries are amazing as well. 

A+!
They tried to kill me, and I love them for it.  

When a company posts a wing challenge usually covertly by  using terms fire, insanity,suicide or death wings I have to try it.Nearly every place using those terms in the valley are liars. If it's a chain restaurant Suicide wings =  a penguin's dangly bits. 

I am one of those idiots that frequents hot-sauce forums, sites and other places where my legal high can be obtained or discussed with those similarly afflicted so I took them up on the $15 challenge to eat 10 in 10 minutes, prize for 2 hours of speaking in tongues and humming a Johnny Cash tune?  Picture on wall and T-shirt plus not having to do it again:) The wings are caked in a habanero reduction that is more a  volume of heat eaten rather than insanely hot. Try it.It's awesome way to spend  20-30 minutes:D 

Thankfully they have more affordable, livable, Zombie wings for those times you have enough T Shirts in your wardrobe but still need that kick. Their Hellzapoppin burger is rather good too.  Nice people,been in several times and orders have been quick, hot, correct and the food is a great value for money. 5/5  purely on heat  4/5  on food..5/5 value  So 4.7 stars rounded up:)
I hear the commercials on Barry Young in the morning all the time and decided to make the drive out today to give the place a try.  I had expected it to on the upscale side because of the advertising that they do, but the place has a bright but divey feel to it,  That is fine with me.  The place was clean and I wouldn't hesitate to bring my family.

My friend and had the 2&2 with iced tea.  They have fresh brewed sweetened and not sweetened.  The tea is good but not fantastic.  The burger was nice, the patties are a little thin but not ridiculously so like Freddy's.  

The fries are a thicker cut natural and fresh fry.  They are light on the inside with a slight crisp on the outside.  Above average for fresh fries in the area but similar to Five Guys (but not with the ridiculous amount you get at 5 Guys).  

The food was cheap at under $14 for both orders.  There is beer, they have cans of San Tan beers, some of the macro brews in bottles and Bud and Bud Lite on tap.

The owner was working the counter and seems like a nice guy that is putting out good product.
This place is good for a solid, artery clogging cheesesteak.  

I popped in here tonight after a stressful day and picked up a philly and some fries.  You can get it "wit wiz" here which is a detail that a lot of places in Phoenix miss when they're trying to replicate a good cheesesteak.

That being said, it ain't philly, but it's good for Phoenix and the price.  It's super filling and delicious enough so that you wolf it down fast enough that you regret eating it.

Domestic beers here are pretty cheap too!

The one detractor is the customer service.  I've been here a few times and it's really hit or miss.  Never been terrible but sometimes can be a little far from awesome.  Still though, it's fast food right?

Check it out!!!!
I like burgers.  I like cheesesteak.  I really, really like them together!

A Steakenburger is pretty much what the name implies - a burger, with steak and cheese.  Grilled rib eye, and provolone to be exact.  Oh, and lettuce and tomato so you can try and tell yourself you are getting in a serving of veggies.  Sounds a bit strange, but it will delight your inner carnivore!  Feeling extra hungry?  Go for the double, with two beef patties.  I like mine without the grilled onions.  Juicy, beefy goodness.  

Unlike many fast food restaurants, where everything comes from a bag or can, Steakenburger tries to make many of their items in-house.  This includes creating fries by cutting Actual Potatoes and making their own chili (that takes 6 hours!).  

Put those fries and chili to good use by ordering the chili cheese fries.  Plenty to share and made with your choice of cheddar cheese or cheez whiz (go for the cheddar!).  The chili is just how I like it, without beans.  The fries are a bit greasy, but let's be honest.  You are not visiting somewhere with a name like 'Steakenburger' because your cardiologist recommended it.    :)
Went back today and had some really good food.  The zucchini is extremely good, on par with any others I have had in the valley.
Went back today and had some really good food.  The zucchini is extremely good, on par with any others I have had in the valley.

My friend and I both enjoy this place, the burgers and fries a good, the people are nice, too.  I just wish the iced tea was a little better.   


I am editing this review to add a comment that SteakenBurger actually had 7 cheese choices, not just American.  That is great news.
Get the steakenmonster.  Not sure if it's still on the menu, but it's one pound of ribeye as a cheesesteak.  Super tasty for leftovers.  Good pizza.  Good bar food appetizers and wings.  The best deal here is the draught beer.  $6 for a 64 ounce pitcher of B or BL is the best deal around.
Still great.  Just had pizza for the first time last weekend.  It's excellent.  Seems a little greasy so keep an extra pitcher of beer at your table to wash it down.  Tasty crust and toppings.
I took two family members with me.  We ordered steak subs, soda and split one order of fries.  About $38...everyone was dissatisfied with price and steak sandwich.  We won't be returning.
WOW! What a over the top burger! I had the Steakenburger meal, thinly sliced steak with cheese on a burger. Very fresh, service was quick and friendly. The fries are fresh cut,thick and crispy. You could easily split this meal and have plenty of food. They're not the cheapest, but the quality is well worth it. I couldn't eat there that often or my arteries would surly clog. They have salads, but when you go there, salad? what's the point. Eat, enjoy, worry about your cholesterol later!
I have to thank the "nearly famous" Barry Young Show on KFYI for telling me about this place.  On every one of their "wine and cheeseburger" Fridays they mention Steakenburger.

When my family and I were in the neighborhood recently, I was checking out to see what businesses were nearby on Yelp and I saw Steakenburger pop up at the top of the list.  We had just eaten a few hours before, but I immediately asked my wife, "Oooh, can we go to Steakenburger?"  My confused spouse wondered why I wanted to eat again, but was willing to drive us over so I could give this place a shot.

Didn't expect it to be like a fast food joint with a drive-thru and everything.  The biggest complaint that I have about this place is that the drive-thru must have taken in excess of 20 minutes from order to getting your bag of food.  This wasn't good, but the food was. I only got a single patty burger as I wasn't especially hungry.  The patty had a great grilled taste, but was overwhelmed by the really bready "artisan" bun.  Still enjoyable.  The fries were real potato, which is always a plus--nice and tasty too.  My daughter liked the fried pickles.

To be honest, I really didn't give Steakenburger as much of a chance that I could have.  A single burger just can't do it justice.  I'm going to give four stars for now.  I will be back when I'm extra hungry and ready to eat something big and juicy.  Details at 11. . .
ekkk, I'll go here because it's near my school I like there Philly cheese steak and fries! Philly is really good and fries are great if you are not on a diet. They deliver and they have tons of parking, place is not that clean tho.
The best Philly Cheesesteak you will find in Phoenix, hands down. The bread is a white french loaf, which is served fresh, spongy and room temperature--not toasted which ruins the authentic experience of a back east philly spot. I recommend the 8" steakenphilly, with onions and both provolone and cheese whiz. The combination of the two cheeses is something else, trust me! The best side there is the fried pickles, but the french fries are pretty good as well. I have not tried the burgers, but have eaten there with friends who have and say they are fantastic too. The only potential drawback for me is the pizza, which I find to be a bit too greasy for my taste, but then again, when I go to Steakenburger the only thing on my mind is a heapin helping of ribeye on a roll, which they do better than anywhere else statewide...and as an implant from back east whereabouts, I have spent a good amount of time while here looking for the flavor of home. I have found it at Steakenburger, and you will too I promise!!!
You will not find a cheesesteak (from Goodyear to Chandler) that is anything like the one they serve here. I have tried multiple places in AZ throughout the past 20 years and this is where you will find the real deal.  My daughter always orders wings and pizza or chicken strips, bottom line is there is something for everyone.
Good food, but 14 minutes in drive through at 830 with 4 employees to get a chx sandwich. Will go again though.
Heard about SteakenBurger from a friend and was not disappointed. Food was great, cheap, fast. You cant go wrong with that combination. Defiantly give it a shot if you are thinking about going you will be glad you did.
Great place, I go there for lunch at least twice a week. Honey Hot and Honey BBQ are the best and cheap too. Fries can be a little soggy sometimes, it just depends on the day I guess. Overall good food and good prices.
More cheese on that Philly...I order extra every time still not enuff...delivery Guy goose rocks!!
Don't eat this dirty food with terrible customer service. I have eaten here twice and both times it was way over priced, overlooked and terribly dry and the service was despicable. Adriana was demeaning and curt. The only thing I can say is that I'm sorry for inconveniencing them with my food order, I won't make that mistake again.
Heard about this place on one of my favorite morning talk radio shows and decided to give them a shout out. Been here a few times in the past when in the area and hungry for some grub.

This is your basic Burgers, Wings, Cheesesteaks, Pizza, and deep fried vittles joint. They even offer a few items that go coco crazy spicy. One is called the Diego Dave's Habanero Wingz Challenge. If you can finish 10 wingz in under 10 minutes you will get a free T shirt and your photo on the wall.

We have tried the Zombie Wingz, the HellzaPOPPIN Double Cheese Burger, a couple of the Steaken Philly Sandwiches and a few of the different deep fried Appetizers. We both thought the food was pretty good but not outstanding. Kinda like a Dairy Q on steroids and then some.

Service is friendly and helpful. Give them visit and go SPICY if you dare. I could just buy their Spicy Habanero Hot Sauce and put it on some Ice Cream. Might even rub a little on my sore knee. OH YEAH!

3.5 STARS
Zombie Wings! Sooo tasty! They use hot sauce with a zing and add jalapeño's to the mix. I could eat these everyday! The service despite what others have said has always been friendly and the food out in a timely manner. The burgers are the bomb too. We've also got their pizza and it was great too. If you haven't been here and can't decide what to eat this place has a nice variety to keep you satiated  .
Long Wongs has always been one of our family's favorite places to eat. Its fun and the food is good :)  The mushroom and Swiss burger is awesome, too
I'm very hard at reviews so let me tell you this burger didn't really had much flavor to it I got a bacon cheese burger with guacamole and mushrooms  lettuce tomato and pepper jack cheese it had a lot of cheese but nothing really had flavor it lacked of flavor and the fries I got were a bit soggy and they were somewhat too salty to eat alone. I got small fries and a coke I uploaded a pic of the burger! Check it out oh and the customer service was decent I mean I was in drive thru so not much to say
Would give less starts if available. Was DISGUSTED from pulling into the parking lot  to walking out. 
 Parking lot & outside appearance is dirty, run down looking. Restroom was filthy, old, graffiti, unsanitary but that's not the worst part. 
 An employee was smoking in the restroom while using the stall!
 As a non smoker walking into a tiny smoke filled restroom is the worst. Also the employee did NOT wash his hands for the state mandated time. 
 Would have complained to the manager but had no idea who they were. The counter person acted as if they did not want to help me. I told her I had never been there before & didn't know what they had. Her only response was 'ok'. 
 Was only 7 people in the place & it took an unnecessarily long time to get my food. Almost every table was dirty. Had to clean off my own table. Drinks station was filthy & didn't work properly. 
 Fries were limp, bland, gross. Burger bun smelled like fish. Had to remove it. 
 I didn't want to spend any second longer than I needed to in that place so didn't complain to anyone. Not like it would have done any good. The employees seem like they are being tortured by working there. 
 How is place even still in business?
Do Not go to steakenburger! Do NOT go to steakenburger!
Ordered wings and Philly with Cheez Whiz and Chocolate shake.
I am undecided on the Philly though. Tasted very salty to me. I have not had Cheeze Whiz for years and cannot remember if it is that salty or if the beef was overly seasoned. Next time I will have provolone instead of the Whiz. Wings and shake were both spot on.
I really love the burgers at this place, and I used to love the fries. They were always fresh and seasoned with sea salt. Unfortunately tonight I got the most disgusting fries, they were clearly cooked in old oil, and I almost want to venture to say they were frozen fries. I asked for fresher fries, and was given the same ones basically reheated in the same nasty oil. I am not a dramatic person, so believe me when i say I nearly threw up. I haven't tried the burger I bought yet to see if the quality has diminished in that attends too, but I really do feel like this fries situation might be enough to end my relationship with steakenburger. It's really too bad.
Excellent hamburgers and sandwiches and of course wings. Every time I've been here I have not been disappointed.  I tried the fried pickle burger which was delicious.  They were not to packed so we received our food fairly quick.

This is close to work si I will be returning again.
McDonalds has burgers with more flavor then this place...  Literally no taste to it... And the "bacon" looked more like bits of vomit... Graphic yes but that's all that could come to mind after attempting to eat this thing. Just say no.... Trust me your off going to McDonalds, Burger King... Or Wendy's and Ordering from the $1 menu.
I had high hopes for this place as it's name led me to believe that I would be served a heaping traditional hoagie. However, I think what the place means by "original" is a hoagie long after it was filled with fresh and delicious foods, yet before it was expanded upon by places like Subway.

The tuna hoagie I received was made on a white bread roll no different from one I could get at a Safeway and was filled with the same type of tuna salad, chopped lettuce, and no-taste cheese you get at Subway only with none of the varied add-ons that make Subway doable.  

So, if you're looking for a pre-corporate but post-interesting hoagie like many of the middle-aged people on lunch break here, I guess you've found the place for you, but there are many better sandwich places nearby. It's rare that I prefer a chain over a local place, but Original Hoagie makes an exception to the rule.
I'm from PA near Philly, so I know a thing or two about hoagies and cheese steaks. Upon discovering The Original Hoagie Shop, I had very low expectations since everything else I have found in the Phoenix area has left me wanting something better.

Granted, I've had some good steak sandwiches at various restaurants better than the ones in Philly, but that isn't too hard since what is used in Philly includes cheese wiz. What typically makes hoagies and steaks in Philly great is the bread.

So far, I've had the Italian Hoagie and cheese steak at The Original Hoagie Shop. I can tell you, the hoagie is the best I've had in a long time. The bread is as close as I'll probably get in the desert and the ingredients are wonderful. Ditto for the steak sandwich.

Another great thing about this shop is the staff. The owner always greets you with a smile and the other staff is incredibly friendly.

Give this shop a try!
Being from Philadelphia, finding a good Italian Hoagie can be tough. This is the best I've found in the Phoenix area.

Finding the right bread is often difficult but they've done a good job here. The quality of meats and the service provided directly from the owner put this place as a must visit.

I usually have the Italian Hoagie but their cheese steaks and meatball subs are great as well.
Great cheese steaks. Fiesta Cheese Steak rocks
This place continues to rock! Tom and his staff are super friendly and they truly appreciate your business. If you haven't stopped by this quaint little sub shop yet, I'd highly recommend it. They have quite a few regulars and seem to be as busy as ever.
Another day, another lunch in Tempe with a coworker.

Never eaten here until today, after almost 9 years in the area.  How does that happen?  Maybe because there are about 50 sandwich shops in 4 square miles.

Regardless, needed a quick bite and was worried that other places were too busy.

Meatball sub was tasty.  Homemade sauce and meatballs.  Cashier (owner?) was friendly and quick to answer any questions about the menu and favorites..

Give it a try.  I'll go back for the cheese steak soon.
In a nutshell, this place is awesome.  Frigging awesome.

Since I work close to here, I typically have a lot of the same crappy ass options for lunch that I get sick of.  Original Hoagie challenges these crappy options and comes out the victorious winner, like Tom Berringer in the Movie "Sniper", when he knows he just owned his enemy.  I would come to this place more than once a week if I made more money than I do.  It is just one of those places.  

I will give this place my official N.F.A. rating (no fucking around)

Here is my typical experience when I come here.  Now, I have tried about 5-7 things off the menu here in my 100 visits or so and they are all awesome.  Fresh ingredients, lettuce doesn't taste like water, meat doesn't taste like Carl Budding, soft bread (god the bread here...damn...) and kick ass service.  My "regular" item takes a few minutes longer than the typical sub.  The owner sees me in line, has them start making it before I even order it so I don't have to wait as long. 

A-fucking plus.    

Let's talk about the owner, shall we (I assume, might be the manager, not sure but he is always running the cash register)  This guy is awesome.  And I hate people.  He always asks how my days is going, making small talk, etc.  If I haven't been in for a while, he says things like "been a while since I have seen you!" "how have you been?" "Come back more often!"  He is the guy taking orders every time I have been there.  Since I am not a huge fan of soda, he always gives me a good size ice water and doesn't bitch about it or charge me for a cup.  That charging for a cup thing is horse shit and non-existent at this place.

By the way, no fee for using a debit/credit card either.  I almost always use cash, but a plus for you card users.

The restaurant is always clean.  Tables are free of garbage and left over food.  They always have the daily newspaper to read and I have never been pushed out of there if I read it after my meal is over.  The place doesn't smell of burned bread or rotten meat either, like a lot of other sandwich shops.

If I had to make a complaint it would be that there is no bathroom here for customers.  The place is small and probably lacks the resources for it.  Plus I bet it would piss off the health department if they knew customers were walking through the food prep area to wash their hands which is why it doesn't happen.  Know this before going there and piss/shit and wash your hands beforehand and the bullet has been dodged.  If these instructions are too hard for you, then I assume natural selection will eventually pay you a visit anyway.  I look for any way to cut down a business and with this place I really can't find one.  Can't ding a star for their shitter (or lack of) 

If you are in the area and want a good meal, decent price (about 1-2 bucks more than the crappy national chains but after you eat you know where that money went) and good quick service, than give this place a try.  I found it by accident a few years ago and it was one of the best fuck up's I have had from a food point of view.  

You are clear to engage the Original Hoagie Shop.  Weapons hot.
My sandwich was pretty decently priced. Good quality meat. It wasnt busy, so I got in and out very fast.

My only 2 complaints: My lettuce was white and brown. Not appetizing at all.
 That, and I asked for them to go "easy on the mayo", which apparently meant to slop it on so that it literally drips, huge drops of mayo, out of the bottom while being eaten.

Meh. There are much better sandwich places in the same area.
I love me some good sandwiches, and this place has em. Small, family owned joint - it's easy to become a regular here - just go a few times and they'll treat you like one. Super friendly and nice here. 

The food is fantastic. They use quality ingredients and cut the meat to order. Most places don't do this. The prices are low, and the food is good. The ambiance isn't fancy, but it's clean and quaint. 

The Original Hoagie Shop has been here for awhile now I think, and it's a great alternative to the chain across the street. You're missing out if you haven't made this your go-to when you want a sub. 

I'm definitely going back.
This is Tempe's greatest kept lunch spot secret.  

The food is always super fresh and delicious.  The service is awesome and its family owned.  They also use a lot of local fresh food.  For example, they get their hoagies fresh daily from an Italian deli nearby.  And it's some of the best bread I've ever had.

I've tried everything on the menu and I've been a regular for several years.  If I had to recommend one thing on the menu it'd be the Italian Cheesesteak (add mayo, lettuce, tomato to make it 'hoagie style').  They grill that bad boy up fresh every time.  The soups are great too, my favorite is a tie between the Albondigas and Broccoli Cheese.  My wife enjoys the tuna or turkey.  You can't go wrong, check it out!
This place was OK, a litle dirty like their AC vents above where the food is being prepped and made. Which to me is a no no. The food was ok, a little pricey I think. Staff friendly though.
First, I'm not a sandwich person (must still be shell-shocked from all those brown bags in high school).  The guy at super sign in the same shopping mall suggested I go there to grab a quick lunch. 

Waited in line too long to order. I an attempt to practice patience I decided to Zen and go with the flow. With order finally placed I waited and waited. The line grew steadily longer and still there was only one cashier and one prep person, or so it appeared.  I checked my email and Facebook and still no sandwich. Hmmm.  So much for grabbing a fast lunch. 

Get back to the office which is only 5 minutes away and dug in. Uck. The turkey was bland and the bread soggy. Not very appealing.  The ice tea was delightful though. :)

Maybe it's what I ordered or my basic instinct to not eat sandwiches but it's a thumbs down from me. Must say that the person taking orders was friendly and did his best. I wish he had help during busy lunch times.
I had to run out of the office to fill my gas tank and across the street was The Original Hoagie Shop. I decided to give them a try since it was convenient. I even quickly checked their Yelp rating and saw the 4 star rating, so I felt it was a safe bet.

The place was quite small and a bit dingy feeling. I didn't smell anything, which was surprising. I guess I was expecting to smell either baked bread, or the spices from the different hot sandwiches they offer, or something. I wanted to leave but felt I didn't have much time to go elsewhere so I stayed and ordered the cheese steak sandwich. Most places that offer cheese steak sandwiches usually have onions so I was surprised to find out I would need to add them on. I paid and waited...and waited...and waited. Finally! I got my sandwich and I headed back to work since I was running behind now.

When I got back to work is when I realized they charged me extra for mushrooms but they didn't bother to let me know there would be an up charge for it. The total came to $8.18, I thought whatever, as long as it tastes good I'll be fine with it. 
I was very disappointed. The sandwich was absolutely flavorless! No tomato, or lettuce, no mayo, or malt vinegar, nothing was on it. It was just cooked chopped meat, with a little bit of onions, a few mushrooms pieces, and some cheese. This was not worth the money, not even close. I am so disappointed I wasted my money...

I definitely won't be back, I didn't think it was worth the $8 bucks by any means. I would suggest going to Forefather's Cheese Steaks off of Priest and Warner. They're flavorful, they have lots of options to choose from, very clean place with happy staff. For the price I paid for JUST a sandwich by itself I could have gotten a sandwich, fries, and a drink at Forefathers. How sad is that!?
I LOVE the broccoli cheese soup and my husband loves the sandwiches. Great little lunch place.
eh,, Its ok. 
Great staff, and the ingredients fresh, good bread... Not a provolone or mozzarella guy and like a variety on my samiches,, especially SWISS or Cheddar. The price seemed a little high for the amount of samich,, 

Nice try for a new spot, but doesn't fit into my rotation on any level..
Was in the area, and I'm more into supporting local shops than chain. Read a couple of reviews and they seemed fair enough to give it a try. Got the steak sandwich with provolone and mushrooms. Was okay, not much flavor in the meat. I will add as well this place is a bit pricey for what you get , $11.00 for a full sub and a drink is kinda high. Over all it was good, I'd say the best was the bread, soft and fresh can't ever go wrong with that. Would I return, probably not, if they adjust the prices and have more lunch specials that are worth the travel then I probably say I would come back and try many other subs.  At least a daily special from 11-2, maybe $7-8 bucks for a 6 inch, soup and a med drink. I'm sure my one review is not gonna gear people away from coming, but if your on a budget this review might be helpful.

"Focker Out!"
not sure if this place taste's better than any real philly cheese steak, i.e. Gino's or my other favorite philly steak place in austin, i.e. Texadelphia, but this place has some good philly cheese steaks. they  have different variations of the philly cheese steaks to the classic.  you can choose what cheese you would like (swiss, provolone, mozzarella, and cheeze whiz), what meat, and what other sides you would like  i.e. mushrooms and grilled onions.  the most important thing about this place is that THEY DO NOT SKIMP ON MEAT.  the sandwiches are about $7-8, but they're big and full of meat.  i usually get the classic, sometimes adding grilled mushrooms to it.  other times, i love getting the pepperoni pizza...grilled beef steak with onions, also fried with some pepperoni and some tomato sauce, and finally topped off with mozzarella cheese.  there is so much meat in that one and so damn saucy!!!!  i also recommend to order the sweet potato fries and the sweet tangy sauce to dip it in.  Another plus is this place is 24hrs.  what a great place to eat after a late night of drinking!!!
They ship their bread in from Philly. It's real deal Amoroso rolls. Oh yeah, It's 24 hrs too. That's always a bonus. 

It's not a restaurant, so expect to take-out, or eat at a small picnic table (outdoors), There's no indoor seating. Minus one star for that.

It's an authentic cheese steak. You won't be dissapointed!!!
Okay, let me just preface something, I'm from the suburbs of Philly.  This place makes a good eff'n cheesesteak!  When we moved to Vegas, I knew there were gonna be some things I would not be able to get out here like Utz Potato Chips, Kunzler Ham, etc.  I thought for sure the cheesesteak would be one of them until we found Pop's.  Both Charles K.'s and Reggie M.'s testimonials are 100% true and to back it up http://www.popscheesesteaks.com/

The worst thing about this place, it's not open Sunday.
This place is not what it's cracked up to what it USED to be. The sandwiches (now) lack flavor and they charge an arm and a leg. I paid $18 for 2. The mushrooms are gross - straight from the can. I used to love this place, and would make my way to get there. Totally disappointed. Don't waste your time. One star because they're fast - go figure.
3.5 stars to be exact.  I just went to Geno's and Pat's in Philly the 1st week of Sept.  While the steak is a lot more chopped up here I would say it was pretty comparable.  The bread is really what you come here for I think cuz I guess you could make a pretty fair attempt at making these at home.  Still good though.
an outdoor eatery-one of a kind. this place is great. fresh made philly cheesesteaks and pastrami grinders. fresh bread from philly. chili cheese fries. get whiz with your philly to make it authentic. this place is fast,friendly & super good food. plus it's cheap!!!! ok prices have went up recently
I've been here once.  It's a very good sandwich, but a little too much meat.  The seating options there are very limited and can get very crowded at lunchtime.  I will return, but not during busy time of day.
This place is the real deal. Makes me want to move to Las Vegas. Nothing in Southern California comes close. If your visiting Las Vegas make the drive to this place it will safisfy your cravings for cheesesteaks.
Pop's Philly Steaks makes the best cheesesteak sandwich I have ever had. I love the meat. I love the cheese whiz. I love the bread. I love the grilled onions. SOOO YUMMY!!! If you are ever in town, you definitely have to stop by. I didn't give it 5 stars because it's outdoors so it's kind of inconvenient on a windy day and the sides are good, but not amazing. Despite those things, I'll be back to try other sandwiches anyways!!!
I WANT ONE IN LOS ANGELES.
NOW.
BEST PLACE EVER.

easy going. great meat. fresh bread. juicy steaks. delicious. 

oh my childhood was awesome. 
i miss home.
Not perfect, but the most authentic  Philly Steak in Las Vegas.  You got to order like you would in Philly.  Whiz and 'Wit:  With Cheez Whiz and Onions.  Hmm... So tasty.  Any "authentic"  Cheese steak place that doesn't offer Cheez Whiz, just isn't.
Order a "Whiz wit" and call it a day. Awesome bread, perfectly cooked steak, delicious onions, and creamy melted cheese whiz. What more could you ask for in a cheese steak?

Its kinda pricey, but well worth it.
Ok.. so I'm not so sure about the cheese whiz... but I know I'm a huge fan of the Philly with the provolone cheese(it was not only a huge sandwich but it had tons of meat and cheese). YUM! Never been to Philly... but I'm assuming this place is the real deal.. everything is fresh and cooked right in front of you. It's got an old A&W(drive-up) feel and I love that! O and the fries... salty goodness!!
Oh yeah! This place is great! I have had the privilege to have authentic Philly cheese steaks right in Philadelphia. I have had Pats and Gino's and Tony Lukes right in Philadelphia. This place is very very close to what you would get at any of those two places in Philly. The cheese whiz and steak! I love it. You should try it! I wonder if they have broccoli rabe like Tony Luke's that was fantastic!
This is the closest thing to an authentic Philly cheese steak that I've tried.

I ordered the Cheese Whiz ($6.99) with grilled onions.  Lots of meat flavor with the grilled onions.  I think getting cheese is a must for these Philly steaks because without it, it would be very dry.  A little pricey but it is a big serving and could be hard to finish by yourself.  Also ordered french fries ($2).  They were the thick ones and they were okay, not great.
If you want a good (and I mean GREAT) cheesesteak in Vegas, pass up Pops and land yourself at one of the many Capriotti's. I've had a few Cap's sammies ($8 medium cheesesteaks with mushrooms and peppers) - amazing. Drove by Pop's mid-Saturday. Was starving so decided to try it out. $10 later, I was bummed. The shrooms were canned and tasted like it. Yuk. The meat was dry. I had the provelone on top, still not a moist sammy. Wished it had been a Capriotti's. One star for being 24-hrs.
I have always wanted to check this place, and I finally did today. 

I got the #2 without, a cheese steak with Whiz, it was amazing!!!

The meat was seasoned perfectly, the whiz was warm and cheesy, and the bread was amazing, I have read that they fly the bread in from Philly, and I must say it's well worth it.

I have had Philly's at several places and the bread is what put pops over the top.

I will be going back!!!
24hrs... and great quality!!!!!!!!
Since there is enough said about the cheesesteaks, thought I would add something different.
Pop's has the best breakfast sandwich!! Steak, Eggs, Cheese!! I love it and it has saved me from the hangover monster on more than a few mornings!
Also, the turkey sandwich is top flight! The bread is amazing, and makes sense that they bring it in from back East.
I don't eat "fast food" and I consider Pop's to be anything but typical fast food, the higher quality is obvious, and I don't mind paying for it.
Highly recommended!
I'm not, normally, a fan of philly cheese steaks but, WOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! 

I am a believer =)

I think I got a pepper, onion, and mushroom philly cheese steak. 
The bag was greasy! The meat was flavorful. The shrooms, onions, and peppers reminded me of pizza.

IT WAS DELISHHHHHHHHHHH.

It was open late which is a big plus. 

Considering that it's open late, it's kinda scary!!!

We were the only ones there; and the workers work behind a bullet-proof window (OK, I WAS KIDDING BOUT THE BULLET-PROOF WINDOW!!!!!)

Alas, the food is worth getting shot at for.....
WELL, I, MAYBE, NOT SHOT AT...
maybe, a stab wound.........lol j/k


My review: MUST SAMPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you want a great steak and cheese visit Pops!

Open 24/7 and it's always very hot!

Don't bite right into it or you'll burn your mouth, you've been warned.
i was craving for sandwich so i went on yelp to search for a place near by. And i found this place. I ordered number 2, the steak was good but the bread is not great like i expected.  I would come back to try other on the special menu
Well this place was a surprise!  Driving around doing store checks all day, we bumped into this place right around lunch time.  I am highly knowledgeable in the cheesesteak genre and highly critical of places that don't get it right.

Pride of Philly (POPs) gets it right.  This has to be the best cheesesteak in Las Vegas (I may be wrong but I don't think so).  The bread, key ingredient in the cheesesteak genre, was excellent.  Had a side of greasy, hot and crispy fries. 

Don't like cheesesteak, they have pastrami, grinders, and fried string beans.

Best thing about it was Steve, the cook, nice guy and not a racist like that Geno character in South Philadelphia.
Being the carb fiend that I am, I'm very particular about bread. The bread at Pop's cannot be beat! They have a story about it on their website - but in summary they ship it in from Philly and it's freaking amazing. Perfect balance of softness and chewiness. 

The steak itself was great. They use sirloin so there isn't any grizzley pieces. I topped mine with cheese whiz. Props on them layering steak, cheese, steak so the cheese gets evenly distributed! 

Menu was extensive. I wish I was drunk and not eating here on my lunch hour so I could have gotten a little more into some of the cool things (fried bananas foster? Cheese whiz wheels?). 

I mean I guess the atmosphere is "authentic", but dining literally 2 feet from Decatur isn't all that great . Maybe on the strip or on a cute neighborhood street it's fun to dine al fresco, but Decatur rather sucks. 

The best cheesesteak I've had in Vegas and I've tried quite a few!
I really don't like cheese steaks in general, but this little hole in the wall (or A-frame off the strip) had unusually good food. I had a 1/2 steak CS with peppers, swiss cheese, onions and mushrooms. It was all very tasty, tasted pretty fresh and was made to order. The service was very friendly. Be sure to ask for the hot sauce!
This place is pretty good. I'm from San Diego and a local told me about this place so I decided to stop by and check it out and get away from the typical buffets. 

For starters, the food is cooked in front of you and visible through the window. When you receive your food, it's warm and ready to be devoured. Another great aspect of this place is the amount of meat that you get for the price. The Philly steak's is between $6-10 and I believe is properly priced. Another positive aspect is that this place is 24hrs. After a long night at Vegas and there is a need for cheap grub, this is a good place to check out.

Now for the things I didn't like about this place. For one thing, I enjoy my Philly steaks with a little kick of hot sauce. There is a small charge for hot sauce. Yeah I know $.50 is not expensive, but come on now, a charge for hot sauce. Secondly, side orders are extra. Who gets Philly steaks without fries or something? These negative is very minor, bit it did disturb me a little bit.

Overall, I would rate this place a 3 1/2 star but because I don't have that option it gets 4 stars. This place is one little spot that needs to checked out of your tired of going to the typical Vegas buffet's and restaurants.
So when I lived in Vegas, my dad owned a shop just steps away from this place and I NEVER EVEN KNEW IT WAS THERE! Thanks to Yelp, we decided to try it this past weekend. 

It's off the strip, and the first thing you notice is the building itself. The spot used to be a Wienerschnitzel, so it's a triangular shaped building, panted in black. So we get there and park, it's a Sunday afternoon and the place is slammed! We ordered the #2 Cheez Whiz, and we also got sweet potato fries, fried okra and chicken wings. The steak sandwich was amazing! Next time we go back, we're just getting more of those! The friend okra was good, nothing memorable, same goes for the wings. I'd never had sweet potato fries, but now that I have, I know I'm not a fan. I love, however, their consistency, they had a perfect crunch to them, I kept eating them, even though I wasn't crazy about the taste. Odd huh?

Again, the place was super busy, and there were only two guys running the spot. They were doing a fantastic job, and very very friendly! I'd highly recommend you venture off the strip the next time you're in Vegas and give this gem a shot! Stick to the Philly Steaks!
Awesome good food! They know how to make some excellent cheese steaks! Service was fast and prices were decent. MmMmm don't forget about the WHIZ WHEELS!
If review was based on taste alone - 5 stars

But they lose a star for no indoor seating and for the staff being kind of blah. By kind of blah I mean they weren't necessarily bad but they weren't great either. I understand its a small place to not have indoor seating but if you are going to only have outdoor seating you need to have a drive-thru too in my opinion. I went on a pretty chilly day and had to stand outside to wait for my cheesesteak. Worth the wait for sure but they would probably do more business if you could sit or even order indoors. I don't know about you but I don't exactly enjoy standing outside when its 30 degrees in winter or 120 in summer. And when its windy and you are trying to eat outside everything is blowing all over the place. They aren't something you really want to eat in your car either (can be messy). 

The Philly Steaks are by far the closest I have had to Philly out here. I'm from the Northeast and these are pretty close if not right on the money (its been a while since I've been to Philly). 

Overall - looking forward to my next visit but I will make sure its a nice day out.
Cheesesteaks are so fab here. Get the sweet potato fries with the sauce - oh!!!
Upon recommendation from a very good buddy, I stopped by and got a Philly Steak with provolone / onions / peppers.  OMG, it was fantastic!  It brought back great memories of my trips to Philly.  There was plenty of meat, just the right mixture of other ingredients, and the roll was perfect.

There is no "ambiance" to this place ... which gives it it's own "ambiance" (if you get my drift).  I probably wouldn't frequent this place at night, but it's well worth a trip if you're in Vegas and have a car.
As someone who grew up in Philly....not impressed.  Pop's gets props for the Amoroso rolls, but the cheesesteak was completely flooded with cheese whiz and overall lacking in flavor.  I love the building though (it's an old converted Wienerschnitzel) and the neon and logo.  They do have Tastykakes and Frank's sodas (!), so if you are craving some Black Cherry Wishniak, Pop's is your go-to place.

I'll try Pop's again maybe and get the provolone instead of the whiz, but my initial assessment is that there are better cheesesteaks in this town.  Most of the other reviews already have the alternatives covered.
Best Philly Cheesesteaks in the Southwest!

Atmosphere/cleanliness: Small and well-lit.   

Service: Good and quick service. 

Food: I was craving a Philly Cheesesteak and like a lighted mecca just off the 95 and Decatur, Pop's stands like lone gunfighter in the blistering sun.  Except this cowboy ain't packin' a Colt Six-Shooter, Pop's is packing meaty goodness wrapped in a tasty bread device.

I highly recommend the Philly cheesesteak with Cheez-Whiz!  The grilled onions and cheesy, oozy goodness will put you in an immediate good mood and cure any hangover.  Order it with some zucchini sticks and you have a meal that will leave a lasting impression.
I like the feel of this place and the sandwiches are big and stuffing. 

I've tried the Philly steak (w/ onions, peppers, whiz), BBQ pork hoagie, Italian sausage sub. Out of the apps I've gotten sweet potato fries,fried zucchini and the fried green beans. 

All have been really good, but I love fried green beans so that hits this happy spot for me with sharing a Philly Whiz cheese steak.
Very curious to try the bananas foster, fried okra and whiz wheels.

Open late so a plus for night owls like us. Since it's made piping hot to order, it's still nice and warm when we get home. You go to any other fast food and that crap is cold when we get home- another 10-15 minute drive on the FWY. MMM... night owls deserve something warm in the belly too.
Tried #32 - Philly cheese steak with onions, peppers and mushrooms.
It was a bit bland... not enough salt or spice. And for more than $15 (w/soda and a side) I think it's a little too much...
One time is enough for this place - not going back.
The Three Cheese Chili is good and one of the most expensive sandwiches on the menu. $9.99. Other favorites like pastrami chili cheese fries and Hogies are good.

Plan on working out extra hard for at least 3 days after POPs. Other than that, sit back, relax, and rub your belly. This site is not Fat Free, and neither is POPs. Enjoy!
You know that place where you get an itch to stop by at random times of the day. This is it.
I am not addicted to it, but it does my body good.
Well priced compared to some other Philly's in the area. Worth a drive by and pick up!
I'm not big on philly cheesesteaks but we decided to go one day after we were done clubbing. One of my friends recommended POP'S since it was kinda close to us and its open 24 hrs. I  I ordered mine with provolone, green peppers, onions, and jalapenos...and a side of fries and ranch.  It was really good! I crave them all the time.
So, as a typical tourist I didn't want to gamble anymore (i.e. I was broke) so I figured I'd make myself fatter instead.  I wander into my hotel room at 2:30 AM and spin up the laptop.  Yelp spits out this 24-hour cheesesteak place called Pops.  I head over there and decide to get way too much food:  

 - Cheesesteak with whiz
 - Pretzel

First off, I don't like cheese whiz but I know that it's the classic cheese to use so I can't help myself.  I have to say, I ate the whole thing and I loved every bite.  In fact, the pretzel came with this tub of cheese whiz and I found myself wishing I had more pretzel left to dunk into the whiz.  

I don't know what came over me.  The only explanation is that this place must be great!
This place is downright delicious.

I was craving cheese steaks as soon as I came back from philly and this place came recommended as one of the best in las vegas.  It's the only cheese steak establishment I've ever seen in sin city so I thought I'd give it a try and I'm sure glad I did.

It's just a really good cheese steak.  That's all there is to it.  The bread is soft but not too soft.  The steak is cooked just like it would be in Philly and the toppings are plentiful and tasty.  There's also many different variations to choose from like the cheese, peppers, onions, and what kind of sauces you want on it.  I always go steak 'wit' provolone, peppers and onions.  Writing this review right now makes me want one.  I guess I'll have to settle for Philly's Best tonight, but that's another review.
I always see this place while driving over to my bf's house and I've always wanted to stop by and try it just because the big POP'S sign really stands out. 

I came here with my boyfriend a few nights ago to try it out. There was nobody there except for one worker who was cleaning up the eating area.

We walked over to the menu to figure out what we wanted. We decided to get the #32 (mushroom/bell peppers/steak/cheese) to share with a side of chili cheese fries. I liked that you could watch the person making your food for you, there was even a sign that invited you to do so. The guy made our order pretty quickly and we took a seat at one of the high tables. 

First we tried the chili cheese fries, which was delicious. I love cheese whiz! Then we both took half of the cheesesteak and began eating. I knew it was Bomb after the first bite. It tasted even better after I stuffed some chili cheese fries in it! Yes, I know that sounds unhealthy, but I don't care! lol.

All in all, this place was good. The worker could've been more engaging though. He didn't talk or smile at all, which made us not want to go back to the counter to order dessert. We just felt like we were bothering him or something, even thought there was no one else there.

I'll definitely come back next time I'm in need of a late night bite!
So delicious!
Can tell meat has something special source in it.
The Best Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich I have ever had. The fried green beans were good too. The fries were a good compliment as well. I thank my friend for taking me and introducing me to this marvelous eatery.
Excellent bread, excellent LEAN meat (I hate it when I get a disgusting piece of fat in there...none to be found at Pop's!), and the same traditional toppings as you'll find at Pat's or Geno's right in the city of brotherly love.
I love that there is no indoor seating (it's in an old Wienerschnitzel building) because it adds to the character and uniqueness of the place, which I am always on the look out for.
The sides are not the best or the cheapest, but hey, you came here for the sandwich.
Overall a pretty good cheesetake sandwich.  Though Capriottis is still my favorite.
Pretty far off the strip but definitely hits the spot after a night of drinking and clubbing.  They are also open 24 hours.  

Plenty of cheese steaks on the menu, made a variety of ways.  We tried the cheese whiz steak, provolone, american, the hoagie, 3 cheese and chili, the chicken steak, and the bbq pork grinder.  

I personally liked the bbq pork grinder the most.  The bbq sauce was addicting.  Then the 3 cheese and chili cheese steak since it had so much flavor.  About 10 dollars per cheese steak so not the cheapest you can find but definitely worth the trip out here and cost.
The best Philly I've ever had and I am not a huge red meat fan.  The sandwiches are huge my 2 teenage boys have a hard time finishing these so who cares if they're a bit pricey.
Dang now I'm craving one!
POP's Philly Cheese steaks is BY FAR the BEST of the BEST when it comes to the most mouthwatering and delicious authentic Philly cheese steaks. 

Just walking up to the restaurant for the first time and smelling that wonderful aroma made my senses jump to life. And then placing my order with the highly skilled and very polite "grill man " made me feel like I was in Philly cheese steak heaven! 

All of the meat is sliced very thinly and there is NEVER any gristle or toughness. And the flavor is remarkable thanks to their special marinade! 

I've had the "mushroom steak with onions and provolone", "Peppers and mushroom steak with onions and provolone", "Three cheese steak with chili and onions", and of course the "Breakfast Grinder with steak" which is one of the best values on the menu! Every sandwich was perfect! The bread is to die-for and shipped direct from Philly. All ingredients are topnotch! 

You just can't go wrong at Pop's! It is super high quality food served in a fast and very courteous manner! The prices may seem a tad high at first but once you try one of their awesome sandwiches you will understand you are paying for the absolute best quality cheese steak you will get anywhere! 

The bottom line is that you won't be disappointed and you will probably find yourself making excuses just to go back again and again! 

Very Highly Recommended!
*sigh*  I really wanted to love this, but it was just ok.  After reading all the positive yelps and testimonials on Pop's website, I was expecting a fun and delicious experience.  I imagined myself giving my order to a gruff but charming grill master, who would ask me 'wit' onions? in an authentic Philly accent.  What I really got was a grill master who was just gruff and apparently couldn't hear my order, because when I got my cheese steak home, there were no onions on it at all!   

Ok, the cheese steak itself:  the meat was not fatty or greasy, but slightly bland.  I enjoyed the cheese whiz and the bread was very good.  I think if they had included the onions, things would have been tastier.  Also, in the hours since eating the steak, I have been a bit 'indisposed', but this in and of itself has never been an index of whether I would return to a place if the food tastes good.  (masochist!)

So all in all, I think I would try it again probably.  But I'll also try their competition in town and yelp the results.  :)
Bomb!! When you think, "cheese steak sandwich", then you picture one from here. Classic taste that is hard to find for some reason. Big portions. Don't take it for granted because its in your backyard. If this place was not here, you would miss it forever.
Philly steaks only come 2nd to bbq in terms of my favorite food. With that being said, this is one of my top 5 favorite places to eat when I'm home. Genuine cheesesteaks, which you can get with Whiz, provolone or American (go for the Whiz). They also have an awesome BBQ pork grinder with a great sauce. And its 24 hours, which is a HUGE plus.
Pastrami on a long roll, filled with Pastrami, grilled onions, pickles and mustard. Yes! Not the best but getting there.
I use to come here all the time when I lived in this area but haven't been back in awhile. Awesomely, they've expanded their menu and add fried zucchini, fried mushrooms, salad options, sweet potato fries and other cool side dishes they never had before! I'll have to try them with another visit soon.  
This time I got chicken, provolone, onions and mushrooms. Sad to say, it lacked any flavor at all. Apparently the original owners had sold it and that could explain the change in quality. But still, I have to go back and try the yummy looking options they've added.
They are also a walk up window and only have a few outdoor stools and tables to dine at, so be sure to be dressed accordingly with the weather if you decided to stay and eat there.
Not really a Philly steak sandwich fan ,but was intrigued by the building and the  reviews on yelp. We both had the Philly wit cheez whiz an mushrooms and onions. The meat is cooked and sitting in jus,  after u order cook puts meat on flat top w your toppings then put in bread they bring in from Philly . The meat is juicy and tasty, bread is soft and chewy. Liked the cheez whizz , onion and mushroom combination . The sandwich was extremely hot had to wait a couple mins to let it cool. We also ordered fries and fried okra. Fries and okra were made to order , the okra was the frozen stuff served with ranch, it was good not great same as the fries. I think I like capriottis cheese steaks a little better, but would come here because they serve fries :) and have more sides then just chips.   Our two phillys , fries and okra came out to $25, which is not cheap  , I'm glad I read the reviews on yelp , which said it was a little spendy, that's y we stopped by 7 eleven and bought a double big gulp for a couple bucks, saved a little there , I think I'll make it a quick tip . They also have hoagies  .  I will back to try the other menu items. I luv a sandwich shop that serves fries.
I thought that this place was going to be a very dull experience, just another sandwich place, but once I took my first bite I was hooked. I had the Philly with cheez whiz, mushrooms and onions. The roll was soft and fresh, the steak was sliced thin and very tender, the sauteed mushrooms and onions buried under all that cheese! It had all the flavors coming together in that first bite to make me raise an eyebrow. I would recommend this to everyone who loves a good Philly cheese steak.
I grew up in L.A. County, so there is an overwhelming amount of hole-in-the-walls/ mom n pop shops. Thats where my heart is. In summerlin, I don't see many of those but when I tried his place, I felt at home. Your typical sub sandwich and fried sides is quality worth every penny and brings comfort, and the food too. It's a walk-up shop with outdoor stool seating. The folks that work here are chill. Customers are able to watch the cooks do their thing. Seriously, they're diligent in making every sub just right. I've been here a few times and haven't had any disappointments. Try this place at least once.
I've been in Vegas for over 5 years now, and I've never tried Pop's before.  I've meant to, especially since it's open late (24 hours?) and I'm always up at weird hours.  But I just hadn't had the chance.  Last night, I wanted something quick and easy, so I headed over at 10ish.

I got a #2 and a #4... a whiz steak and a provolone steak.  Both were delicious, with the whiz steak (obviously) being the better of the two.  But it still just can't hold a candle to the cheesesteaks in Philly.  I don't know what it is, but it's just not the same.  That being said, I'd assume Pop's is probably the best cheesesteak in Vegas, so I'll probably be back at some point.
Ever had a random convo about food with a random person in a bar? Well, this is where my convo ended up. 

Sitting at It's a Grind coffee shop on desert inn and durango at 3am, a couple stumbles in, orders, and bumps into me. As a rather "fluffy" guy, they asked if I knew anywhere for food and open late. I suggested Porchlight behind of the coffee shop, Girl 1 says I wants fried cheese, Girl 2 said steak and onions, I say "cheesesteak perhaps?" The couple then proceeds to say, "Follow us!!" I seriously got a little scared on the way there, kind of out of my comfort zone of West Vegas...but I'm here to say, TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!

I ordered a regular cheesesteak with onions, half provolone, half cheese whiz, peppers, and onion rings as a side. SO GREAT, best cheesesteak i've ever had. Other notables are the fried zucchini, fried cheese, and hot wings. The menu is huge so take your time. I was rushed because the couple assumed I've been here before, put me in the front of the line.  Service was excellent, cook laughed at the randomness of our story.

Get out there and try a TRUE philly. So great.
STILL da bomb! I brought my friends here last weekend while we were in Vegas, and they agree, fantastic cheese steaks!

I got the one with bacon and mushrooms this time, DAMN it was good!

The guys here are great, terrific service!
Found this place about 4 years ago while running some errands. I remember it was across from a car dealership and their tables were outside close to the Street. Well, it might not be at an ideal intersection or neighborhood but I'm always down for a good Philly!

I've gone here 4 times (could of been much more but its kinda far from me) and this is what I've tried:

Provolone Cheese Steak, Mushroom Cheese Steak, Peppers with Mushroom Cheese Steak and Cheese Whiz Steak  = All Excellent!!

Fries: the fatter type when you can actually taste the potato! Must have with their cheese steaks!

* Bread is made and flown from Philly, Sirloin Steak is cut, marinated, packaged and shipped from Philly, Wisconsin and New Jersy Cheeses but the Kraft Cheese Whiz is manufactured from Philly..... Did I mention that they get most of their stuff from Philly??!!!!! Can you say Authentic??!! Well, this place saves me from flying to Philadelphia to grab a cheesesteak because whatever their doing here, their doing it genuinely right!!

If you want a Real and Excellent Tasting Philly Sandwich that'll fill you up for a fair price then I suggest trying this place out!
I might change this to a 5 after a few more visits. But sooo good. Love the Wiz! Philly style and 24 hours. Thankfully I don't live close. A little pricier than expected but, no actual complaints.
This place has really awesome pastrami sandwiches and deep fried green beans +  they're open 24hrs! Nice late night meal :)
I like Pop's for the middle of the night munchies.  

Steak with mushrooms and provolone is my usual, with a side of fries.

For some reason It's always really, really windy whenever I eat at Pop's.  I need to create an excel spreadsheet to find the correlation between barometric pressure and cheesesteak cravings.
The best cheesesteaks outside of Philly......the meat, the rolls and the cheese are the best
Stopped in for a bite. I've never been to Philly so I really have no clue what an authentic cheesesteak tastes like, I only know what I like. I was a big fan of Philly SteakOut at Trop/Ft Apache. I was terribly sad when it closed shop. 

Anyway, I ordered the cheesesteak with provolone and grilled onions. The bread was really good, the meat was pretty good, but overall it made me remember how much I miss that same sandwich from SteakOut. Since it is closed, Pop's will have to do. Don't get me wrong, it was the most tasty philly I've had in a long while. The cheese fries were real good. The husband is partial to the three cheese chili cheese.
Pop's is 'as good as it gets' when it comes to Philly cheesesteaks in Vegas. One of the main reasons I gave it 5 stars was because they use real whiz! It's underrated and great big portions for a reasonable price. The closest thing to a REAL Philly Cheesesteak that I've tasted in Vegas.
I have never been to Gino's and Pat's Steak in Philly but a friend of mine originally from Philly recommended this place and said its the closest you'll ever experience to taste the like of Gino and Pat's.

We ordered the Philly Cheese steak and it was pretty good.  Meat was cooked just right that it wasn't chewy and first time ever trying Cheese Wiz on a Philly.  The cheese wiz was actually one hell of a good idea, tasted really good with the sandwich and different from what I expected if I would have just chosen the common cheeses such as provolone.

The only difference from what my friend told me that would have made this equal to Pat's or Ginos was the bun used.  The bun in Pops was not that great in my opinion as well.  I have never tasted Ginos nor Pats so I can only go by from what he says.

I do recommend this place however. Still the best Philly u can get in Vegas from what others I have tried so far.  Next time I'm going to try their breakfast sandwich.

.....I have never said Philly this much in my whole entire life.
I would give this one star - except it's one of the few Philly Cheesesteak places in town.  Meat was dry and underseasoned.  Bread was decent.  Just no reason to ever go back.  

Don't know why you'd serve a sandwich with meat as dry as this.
Need a cheesesteak at 4 in the morning? This is the place for you. Another review brought to you by Groupon. 

I've been meaning to try this place for years. Having passed by it from time to time I always think to myself, why haven't I been there yet. Well, I have seen and I have conquered. All I can say is I can't believe it took me so long. 

The atmosphere is pretty cool and they are QUICK with the orders. We waited no longer than five minutes for our entire order to be ready after paying. Even better, they cook it fresh.

This place offer a great dining experience. I had the cheesesteak with mushrooms and whiz, my fella tried the cheesesteak with bacon and swiss. These sandwiches are no joke. Large and in charge. I could barely finish half of a half after also ordering some battered mushrooms and cheez whiz fries. We could definitely have shared one sandwich between the two of us.

I found the sides to be fantastic. I tend to judge a place by it's sides and this place did it for me. They were greasy and delicious, even after a long car ride home. 

I'll definitely be back to try some more of their heart attack inducing menu items.
I'd read about Pop's in LV Weekly awhile ago and when the Groupon for this place popped up, we seized the opportunity and ventured over to Decatur to check it out.  I was surprised to discover it was an outdoor establishment with no indoor seating, and wasn't sure what to expect since the place doesn't look like much at first glance. 

But looks can be deceiving, and I was VERY impressed with the food -- everything is made to order, so even though we sat outside in the 60 degree evening to eat our phillies at one of the tables, the food was piping hot.  I liked that they had a few options for cheese since I'm not a cheese whiz fan, so I got provolone instead with peppers and onions and it was delish.  My boyfriend got the same and we shared the crunchy fried green beans with marinara sauce, which were very good.  Portions were pretty big so you definitely get a lot of food for your money.  I'd definitely go here again!
My roots run deep in Philly although I'm a florida boy at heart. I have always loved the steak and cheese sandwhich but haven't been able to find a good one in Las Vegas for a little while. I moved to Vegas 5 years ago and left behind one of the greatest philly cheese steak sandwhiches I have ever eaten. A place called D'Angelo's in a small town called Venice Florida. I have tried many many steak and cheese sandwhiches out here and Vegas and none compare to Pop's. 

The bread is always soft and more than enough meat to go around. Throw in the fact they are open 24 hours and booya. 

Loyal Consumer of POP's

Vegas Villain
My husband loves Philly Steak sandwiches and we are always looking for good places to eat. I read that Pop's had the best in Vegas so that was our next stop. We ordered ours Phillies with bell pepper and onion. My son ordered with Chili beans. Sounds weird but he love it! In fact, we all loved our Phillies. They had so many different kids of sides too. We'll definitely go back to try the other sandwiches. Oh almost forgot, they are open 24 hrs. Love that!!
real good!
I love their sandwiches...really fresh and hot :)
for some reason..I always go there after work out..maybe I feel like it's healthy and low calories or something..
I've never heard bad thing about this place and never complained of this sandwich place!
I love their mushroom + jalapeno sandwich! they have some good sweet potato fries too!!
really fast but not so a instant food! have to try this place!!the best steak sandwich place ever!!
Good food. Had the cheese steak with wiz and onions. A lot of food and close in taste to Philly with only the bun kind of throwing it off. Not a bad taste but you can tell bread not from east coast. Stop by it'll be worth it.
Open 24-7, very friendly, generous amounts of meat and cheese on your sandwich!  How can you go wrong there?

Sign up with your email address and you can print a BOGO coupon, which they do accept, as I used it just the other day.  They didn't hassle me at all and actually thanked me for stopping by.

By the way, the rolls are amazing!  Super soft---a big sandwich.  Can't beat em.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! Awesome cheesesteaks...probably the BEST in Vegas!
The Menu is vast and clogged with cholestrol filling items. It was right up my alley. Love that its open 24 hrs. Wish the drive thru was open though.
This is one of our favorite places. The grill dudes are always awesome, I can get my out of towner and the boyfriend can get his classic. Yummy. Also they have fried okra! FTW!  I recommend this place to everyone looking for a good philly.
I have driven by this place a thousand times and it always catches my eye since I remember when all of those A-Frame buildings were Weinerschnitzel's back when I was a kid, but I digress. 

We drove in and my son started busting my balls since I told him were were going to a "restaurant" and this didn't look like a restaurant. I told him it was more like a food truck that didn't move and after that he was down for whatever. I came in with my Groupon and I wasn't exactly sure what to expect but based on the line and the people sitting around eating we hoped everything would be great. We were about 5th or 6th in line and since everything is made right in front of you it took about 15 minutes before it was our turn to order but once we saw our meats and veggies go down on the grill we knew it was worth the wait. We had the Chicken Mushroom Cheese Steak, the Beef Bell Pepper Cheese Steak and a plain Beef Cheese Steak and the Chili Cheese Fries. Everything was perfect and we will most definitely be back again soon. 

The only "for improvement" feedback I would have is that even with only 2 people working someone needs to get out and wipe down the tables outside since all of them were dirty when we started to look for a place to sit. 

BTW - if you register on their website they will email you a coupon good for a BOGO free Cheese Steak that is valid in the next 30 days. 

See you soon POP's!
I was drunk when we got to this place, but I am telling you - the food tasted amazing at 2am in the morning.
I did not eat here-my fiance did. He loved it! He is a big cheesesteak fan and critic and it passed his test!
This place is great, very filling and tastes good.  I get the bellpepper Philly with onions and fries. Can't beat it. Btw you gotta get some BBQ for your fries. You keep making delicious sandwiches, and ill keep coming.
Finally, I've found a cheesesteak place in Vegas that gets it right. Wiz, Amoroso rolls, steak and onions. Classic.

Pop's even has the look and feel of an authentic Philly Cheesesteak place: order at the window, outdoor seating, food served in baskets. 

No question about it, if you're looking for authentic Philly cheesteaks, this is the place. Anyone who doesn't like these sandwiches also wouldn't like Pat's or Geno's or Jim's from Philly.
My mouth is open...insert cheesesteak please! I like this joint. I also like their sweet potato fries with coconut dipping sauce, mmmm yummy. You can smell the goodness just driving pass this place.

Order to go and take your sandwich home to enjoy, That is the only downfall is it is on the corner of a busy street and there is only outdoor seating and it is always windy and the passing traffic noise and smell of cars whizzing by is annoying, tried this once for five seconds, was it enjoyable...not so much!

Anyhow to order big so that you get full make sure you bring your largest wad of money, not exactly the cheapest place in town to get grub, for two of us to each order a large sandwich and an order of sweet potato fries and one soda. it set us back $38 bucks, seriously. Not the spot you want to hit up when you are low on cash and trying to grub. lol
The Philly's here are good, one of the better places in Vegas.  I usually get the Cheese Wizz Cheese steak with mushrooms and onions, along with a side of cheese fries.  They have a decent size menu with  cheese steaks, chicken philly's, hogies and more along that type of food.  The only set back is outdoor seating, not to nice mid summer and in the wind.  I suggest take out much better in front of a good sporting event.
I've never been to Philly, but if their cheesesteaks are better than these... man, I need to book a flight. 

The food is good here. The cheesesteaks are filling, have a ton of food, and are perfectly complemented by their fries. 

My only issue with them as that I feel like I overpay a little there. I know it's good food, but it's a cheesesteak! I think I paid like $13 last time I was there for my food. It's obviously not a ton of money, but I don't feel the place/food matches the cost. 

Still, though, it's good food. And they prep it super quick.
I didn't know there was so many different  cheeses to put on my Philly cheese steaks, he asked me what kind of cheese I wanted I was lost I said "Philly cheese" lol but on the real I love this place.


 the corner location scares me with so much speeding traffic i always think about a car or truck crashing into people trying to enjoy this place be safe...
This place is amazing. As a second generation of Native from Sin City we have been eating here since what seems like forever. 

Their cheesteaks are awesome! Meat, peppers, cheese etc are all artery clogging awesomeness! Only thing keeping this OG eatery from getting 5 stars is it is missing that fresh bread you expect from cheeseteaks on the east coast.

Several opther maddening options on the menu as well...the pastrami chilli cheese fries will just haunt you in your sleep....that good.

Love this place and will keep going back til I die. Hope fully not from an artery clogged heart attack.
Solid cheese steak. The prices were moderate; about $10 a sandwich. There were a variety of fried food options and many additions you could add to the sandwich (cheese whiz/mushrooms/peppers/etc). 

Good sandwich. Fries were pretty dry and plain but whatever, they were okay. Would go back again.
Awesome philly steaks!!  Loved the fried green beans and their okra!!  Service was fast and the workers were cool!!  Will definitely recommend to friends who hasn't tried it!!  My sister and her family have come here plenty of times!!  She recommended the Cheez Wiz philly so I will definitely be trying that out next time!!  Keep up the good work!!
Pops make a good philly cheesteak but it would be alot better if he did not talk as much.  Pops doesnt look that innocent.  He looks like he been in a prison cell before.
Where else in Vegas has got you covered 24 hours with gobs of cheese whiz?I don't get why you 4 star reviewers just can't toss on the 5th star?! 

Best cheesesteaks in Vegas and sticking to the roots with the walk up window...no competition!

The fried green beans are a nice side, but you will be full after one cheesesteak, beware the extra cheese option because regular cheese is enough to drown in, delicious! I stick to cheese and onions and it's worth it every time!
i love cheesesteak...and this is probably gonna be one of the more authentic places in vegas.   I've been to a few in cali...but even their attitude is east coast here (not that i've ever been to philly haha).

I heard people ordering in philly on the food network...."with or without"  wasn't sure what it meant but i didnt wanna be foolish so i just said "with"  guess it means onions LOL.

I ordered the whiz cheesesteak and some wings.  they use the amarosa rolls from philly...shipped here from philly...and that is part of what makes the cheesesteaks good.  the wings flavor was pretty good...the wings themselves could be a bit crispier...but hey its not a wings joint...so good effort on the wings.

I hate the straws they use for their soda...thats my one beef.

i just noticed the coupon for 2nd steak at ,99 doh!  need to check with yelp more often!

seating is outdoor only...but has a neat back to the past feel....i wanna try their chili cheese pastrami next hahaha yummmmmm
I know I'm in the minority here, but I did not enjoy this cheesesteak at all.  I had a CrowdSavings or Groupon thingy for it and maybe it was the fact that I took it home with me and ate it, but the grease from the onions just made the sandwich a soggy mess.  The roll didn't even taste all the fresh at all.

Now I get to go through the rest of the day feeling like I have a bowling ball in my stomach.  I guess that's what I get for not eating greasy food all that often...

I'll pass, thank you.  Those who like it can keep on going, but I will go elsewhere.
BOY!!!! This place is off the chain. Open 24 hours? Man you can't beat that. I simply LOVE this place. Why the 4 stars you ask, well for one thing I really didn't like their pastrami fries and yes it was enough to bump it down one star. For one thing I strongly believe that if a business/restaurant deserves 5 stars, you better believe that everything they serve and their customer service is top notch. And I failed to believe everything on the menu was good, but you better believe that their philly cheese steaks are probably the best I've tried in LV and in the Bay Area.

The first time I was here I ordered the philly cheese steak with bacon and swiss #9. It was just as good as advertised and just as good as it looked while the cook was making it. I also ordered the cheese whiz fries and boy was that also yummy. I also ordered fried 'shrooms, and those little mouth watering bites were simply just awesome. It was the first time I tried anything mushroom fried in batter, and I was damn glad this place was my first. The second time I ate here I ordered the pizza philly cheese steak.....mmmmm, was that yummy it was like ordering on of my two favorite things and smashing it into one nice juicy hoagie. I also ordered cheese whiz fries again, but this time I had the master cook add some bacon in it, man was that good.

If I really had more time to spend in Las Vegas, I sure would come here a few more times and try more off the menu. I also love the fact that this place is open 24 hours. With me being on Vegas party time and coming home about 3 or 4 in the morning after the casino, this place just becomes a savior.

Thank goodness for Pops Philly Steaks open 24 hours and its yummy juicyness of flavorful cheeeeeeese steaks. Keep up the good work guys, when I'm back in town you better believe I'll be back for more! It's like philly cheese steaks from heaven. YUM!
This place is DANGEROUS.

I ordered a Philly cheese steak with provolone and peppers thinking I'd be underwhelmed, but whoa, this was good. 

The bread was soft enough to soak up the evil meat juices but strong enough to protect my fingers. The sandwich was about the size of my head, but I easily could have eaten the whole thing if no one was around to judge me. I can't wait to go back after a night of drinking at Frankie's or any of the other area bars.
this place has good food but horrible service, they do not write down the order, they do no repeat your order to make sure it is correct.  they make you wait in the heat till they are done with what they are doing. there very expensive for being fast food - they charge you for everything, they have no "meals" but they make you purchase the fries when you didn't ask for it...not fair that is why the place is empty, people will try it once and never go back!!!
If you have never been here you are missing out. Best cheese steak in town, whiz and provolone for me!! Best of all, it is 24 hours.
Pop's make Philly Steaks like they do in Philly with Cheese Whiz!  I had a specific craving last week for a good Philly Cheese Steak sandwich so I Yelped and gladly found this place.

I like my Philly Steaks with provolone cheese and the works; mushrooms, onions, and peppers.  This place did not disappoint.  The steak in these sandwiches are thick, and pack ina lot of flavor.  I was actually able to finish the entire thing in one sitting.  I love the french fries too.  This place has one of the best Philly Steaks I have ever tried.  

The only downside was that it was scorching hot outside when we came here to eat and we were sweating while trying to enjoy our food.  They also serve Italian shaved ice here to cool you off but we didn't try it..  Good idea though.  The oustide atmoshere is pretty chill and a different way to enjoy the Vegas environment in the neighborhood in which the place resides. 

If you want a good, authentic Philly Steak sandwich, come to Pop's!
Wow how dare this place have the nerve to call themselves a Philly cheese steak place!!!!! 

I WOULD NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER GO BACK HERE!!!!!!!!!! 

YUCK 

There "Philly steaks" are tasteless its like eating bread filled with wood horrible. I was so pissed off because by driving by it looks like a place that would have great food and its always busy, So i decided to try this place I felt ripped off it was way over priced for lousy food. 

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, do not eat here if you like good food especially if your use to traditional Philly steaks!
We are from Philly and man o man, Pop's is the best we can find here in Vegas!  Too bad for the one location, though - if we could eat them every night we would!  Don't forget the Italian water ice!
What the heck I thought food in Vegas was supposed to be dirt cheap. If you can get a steak and eggs meal for under $5 it puts Pop's $8-10 sandwichs into perspective. Sides are expensive too at $4 for an In-N-Out sized paper tray! =/

The did have variety on sides you can get cheez wheels, deep fried zucchini and deep fried okra. The side of sweet potato fries I ate wasn't bad at all, had good crunch (the number one thing I look for in a fry) and natural sweet potato flavor. The flavor was enhanced even further with this syrup dipping sauce that had a hint of cinnamon. =) 

I don't get how people can eat Cheez Whiz it's so processed it can't even be called cheese! I just didn't grow up with it, but apparently it's THE topping to get for Philly Cheesesteaks. You can even get a side of fries slathered with it here. 

This location was most likely converted from a Wienerschnitzel since it had the signature triangle roofline and drive-thru. The covered seating provided sheltered for our group when we experienced a spontaneous downpour during lunch. I enjoyed the mural of Benjamin Franklin affably holding a Philly Cheesesteak, just drives the point home that what is in his hand is indeed a Philly Cheesesteak and if you don't order one here you are un-patriotic! =p
I ate here before but will never eat here again. 

I should also note that my previous Yelp review of Pop's had been requested from Pop's! For a reward of  'FREE french fries' in which they did accept but that's just like cheating in my opinion. Where's the yelping officials on this one?

After working on the pops cheese steak truck for one day I realized this is not a steak and cheese at all. It's frozen meat "NOT FRESH" and they precook lots of that frozen meat and let it sit in water until ready to reheat for you to eat.  sound good I think not. 

I won't get started on the sanitation of this place, pop's and pop's cheese steak truck must have it easy with the heatlh department because I don't even think he has soap on the truck for washing hands. 

If I were you and looking for a steak and cheese I would look up other alternatives like some of these new food trucks around town like the "Yellow Lunch Box Truck" or "Food Slingers" in which they both serve fresh meat and it's even fresh rib eye. For a lower price as well. 

The Vegas Villain
So they have the amaroso rolls shipped here from philly. Authentic? Ive never been to pat's or geno's so im not sure how itz suppose to taste. But this is one of the better ones in town. Definitely get points with having cheez whiz..mmmmm...the price was a lil high (9.50$) but was well worth it...they got a great thing going here
This has been my go to cheesesteak place for many years. Being from the Philly area, this has been one of the best choices for cheesesteaks, no matter how far I have to drive to get it. They're much better if you can eat there, but tables are outside and weather doesn't always cooperate. Prices have gone up but its worth it. Go on your birthday for a free tastycake...yum! I like to order my cheesesteak with extra cheese. Staff is pleasant.
I've eaten here numerous times..... tried many different sandwiches here, what's great as well about this place is that it's open 24 hours. Located near Arizona Charlies on Decatur and Alta.
I absolutely love this place, one of the very few 24 hr spots with delicious food. Cheese whiz sauce on top of good steak! I love it and will continue to spend money here =)
Best cheese steak in Las Vegas!! Always hot & made to order.  Whiz is a rare option in Las Vegas so, it was great to see it offered.  Peppers & onions are crisp yet tender as well as the fried okra.
The Good:  A mom and pop's hole in the wall, called Pop's Philly Steaks.  They are open 24hrs, I don't know if I would hit this place up too late as it is in a bit of a sketchy area.  Good solid cheesesteaks.  Not quite as good as the ones I had in Philly.

The Bad:  Tiny lot and only a few outdoor tables.

The Ben:  If you are craving some cheesesteak wit whiz then it might be the fix you need.
For me, the food has to be delicious. And I have to see value in purchasing a delicious meal. There's been a lot of hype recently over Pop's Philly Steaks--especially now that they have a food truck running (I see them parked in front of LVAC and downtown for Vegas StrEats.) 

A few of my friends went down to their free-standing restaurant to eat and said the food was awesome! They're 24-hrs which totally works with my hectic schedule. So I made it a point to stop by. 

I went around 10 or 11pm. No crowd, little wait, quick service. The food is cooked right there in front of us and they prepare everything "to-go." I ordered a Philly with onions and provolone and a heaping portion of fried okra luxuriously served in a large paper bag. My meal cost approx $15 w/o a drink.

I think Pop's is simply a hot sandwich. Not particularly flavorful or delicious. It's alright food, I would just rather spend my $15 elsewhere. I might give them another shot in the future. I've heard this place is hott on the cheese whiz. But overall it was a mediocre meal. Not bad food, just maybe not my kinda food. 

The seating is entirely outdoors (not so great for the hot summer days or cold winter nights)--make sure you dress appropriately.
My boyfriend and I went out to grab a philly at 2am a few weeks ago, and it was pretty good. The sandwiches were a little expensive, at least in my opinion, but they were full of meat and toppings, so I can't complain too much. As for flavor, well, to be honest, I've had much better. These weren't  bad, just not that great. Plus, they have no restroom, which is really weird for a food place. It's also not the cleanest place around, but I suppose that's part of it's seedy tasty charm. :P
 We'll probably be back at some point, simply because it's open so late, unless we find something better.
Way over-rated.  My boyfriend and I got two sandwiches, one regular and one whiz.  The meat is too salty and doesn't taste like anything special.  I did enjoy the whiz which is the only sandwich I recommend.
If you think this is an authentic Philly Cheese Steak, you have clearly never been to the city of brotherly love. The one star is for the bun, it actually was pretty good. All down hill from there.The "steak" which seemed to be just as quality as a SteakUm you would get in the frozen section at the grocery store, was greasy and lacked any kind of seasoning! The only flavor was from the onions. Definately not returning, not worth another try...: (
Probably my favorite drunk food of all time. I've lost count of all the 3 a.m. stops Papa D and I have made here to get our favorite #2 - a cheese steak w/ whiz, just like they do in Philly. 

We even had our Christmas Eve dinner here two nights ago, much to our kids' delight.

It may not look like much, but they make some tasty cheese steaks!
#32 Peppers & Mushroom Cheese Steak is grilled sliced beef with grilled peppers, onions, mushrooms, and your choice of cheese. This is the best cheesesteak I have ever had! I've had them in Philadelphia and, I have to say, POP'S is so much better. The meat is to die for! It is cooked to perfection - juicy and full of flavor. The vegetables are cooked with the meat so the uber beef flavor envelops the vegetables like a warm blanket. Just like Pat's, they served Cheez Whiz. If you're not a fan, try it on the side first. The provolone cheese melts to a gooey goodness and covers every bit. The Amoroso bread is wonderful. It has a sturdy crust on the outside, light and airy on the inside. It has a subtle french/sourdough taste to it which works great with the steak. Thumbs up, way up!
Yummy food with a really good value. I have now been here twice in less then a month. First time was by stumbling onto it on accidents while trying to find another Philly cheese place I had a coupon for. They have a walk up window where you watch the grill master make your sandwiches.

Both times I got the mushroom, pepper and onion philly.Juicey, cheesy and big! Room mate got the pastrami both times as well. Another big juicy sandwich. I normally don't like pastrami minus a place in Cali name The Hat! Stole a bite to try it and may actually get it next time. We have had the fried green beans , yummy with a thick ranch sauce. The sweet potato fries with some sort of coconut dipping sauce. They should be considered a sin. So sweet and yummy. Whole reason I went back a second time was to have my friend try them with a to go order.

Also had the banana fosters bites. First one was yummy second one was ok, third one I only had the half of before I stopped eating it. Tasted like warm banana pudding with a soggy graham cracker crust and deep fried with a thin batter. Think they were store bought  rather then made on location. A good thing to try in a group but I won't be ordering them again for just me.  

Prices are good for the amount of food you get. Main and pretty much only draw back I can think of is no indoor seating. Definitely going back more in the summer . Right on the street and fun to watch passing traffic but in the winter its a bit to cold. We wolfed down our food as quickly as we could the first time, and wised up the second time with a to go order. If you like Philly Cheese this is a great place to go  and well worth the drive even if it is across town!
Its an outdoor place, you walk up, place your order and either take it to go or sit at an outside table which is fine with me.  This is the BEST PLACE IN THIS TOWN to get a Philly steak.  I have tried a few others and there is one that is close to this in Anthem, however, this place is a little cheaper in price, the sandwiches are bigger and the sandwich is meatier.  All around this is the best place in town to get a Philly Steak and is worth the drive from Henderson.  

I know Anthem is closer, this place here is much friendlier, the food is better and the price is better.  It is a FANTASTIC PLACE and if you know Philly Steaks, you cannot miss a stop at this place at least once while in Vegas.  AND THIS PLACE IS OPEN 24/7.....
I really wanted to give this place a good review, but, alas, I can't. I have been there only twice, but I doubt my stomache will allow me to return.....The first time, I ordered the steak sub, got sick and thought it was just me...Went back last week to give it another shot, again, ordered the steak with mushrooms (which Pop's claim ALL their ingredients are fresh...nope! CANNED mushrooms..YUCK!) And now here I am 2 DAYS LATER still throwing up. Tried to email them, yet their email is INACTIVE! SUPER EXPENSIVE! The only thing I enjoyed was the smart mouth of the "Grill Master" Steve S. Will spend my money at Port of Subs before I return.....
In the worst of times people often think of the best of times.  Rex is no exception.  Gather around kids and let Uncle Rex tell you a story...when Rex was a small child he spent many a month on the East Coast. It was a magical time.  My father, who beat young Rex mercilessly if Rex called him anything but "The Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora", was originally from the Northeast.  My father was an odd man, a brutal man, a man with big dreams and small child like hands.  On my fifth birthday he brought Rex with him as he knocked over a 7-11.  As Rex helped him tie up the store clerk he let me pick any one thing Rex wanted in the store.  Young Rex wandered around the store, trying very hard to not step in the pools of blood, Rex saw the object he wanted...Rex turned and said "Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora can Rex have THAT?"  He nodded.  Rex kicked the 87 year old man laying on some of it...and picked it up. It was a bag with a delicious cheesesteak in it.  Rex danced. Rex smiled. Rex took the wallet of a crying soccer dad.  Rex was happy.  Rex and Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora drove down the street, the sound of sirens in the distance fading...the smell of the cheesesteak wafting into Rex's young nasal passages.  A great cheesesteak is a gift from above.  A wallet filled with 20 dollar bills and an unused condom...icing on the cake.  After we divided the ill gotten booty, Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora always took 70% (until I turned 9...but that is another story)...Rex ate his cheesesteak.  Perfect bread. Juicy shredded meat. Perfectly cooked onions. The right amount of whiz. Juice ran down Rex's chin. Juice ran down Rex's hands. Rex shook in delight. That memory, and the 8 months Rex spent on the run after Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora ratted him out...will always be with him.

Pops Philly Cheesesteak is not only an insult to that memory it is an insult to all things with meat, cheese, bread or even hot foods.  The front page of the their website has a picture of their pitiful attempt of a cheeesteak...one of one of their abominations has green pepper on it. GREEN PEPPER!!  Let me explain something to all of you who are not from Philly...IF there was a place in Philadelphia that put green bell peppers on their cheeseteak...THE CITIZENS WOULD BURN IT DOWN!!!  It is ABSOLUTLEY 100% NOT ALLOWED IN ANY PLACE IN PHILADELPHIA!! Even if asked they WILL NOT DO IT!  So, first and foremost this is NOT A PHILLY CHEESESTEAK PLACE!!! IT IS NOT! END OF STORY!

Apologies. Rex passed out and needed a shot of "Happy Serum" to get up right again...what is "Happy Serum" you ask...heathen...it is 1 part gasoline, 1 part peach schnapps, 1 part wiper fluid. 

Anyway, now that we have established this is not a Philly cheesesteak, let's talk about it from a cheesesteak on it's own merits.  First, the rolls are good, the sad part is you can tell the bread is shipped frozen or frozen after it gets to Pops.  Big mistake. It really messes with the bread. It isn't bad, but again it isn't East Coast good.  Cheese...never enough. Never. If you get provolone instead of whiz it is almost non-existent. Shame on you for skimping on the cheese.  The Whiz isn't bad sometimes but more often than not there isn't enough.  The meat isn't bad. It is done well, with one BIG problem...it is often dry. Not enough oil or cooked and then recooked, whatever the reason it is not great.  If you get to Pops on the right day and get lucky, and order correctly, it isn't bad...but the overall consistency is not there.

Lastly...the "Philly" part of the menu...the Tastycakes, the birch beer, the rest of it...all WAY TOO EXPENSIVE! At Glaziers Market you can get all the stuff for 1/5th of the price.  

Here is my biggest problem...Pop's plays on East Coast memories and locals who don't know any better. That is the biggest crime. It isn't Philly. It isn't a great cheesesteak. It is over priced. It is inconsistent. It just isn't right. It just isn't good.  Most of you will never know better unless you go back east (and my next review for Pizza will tell you how to find GREAT east coast food), and they KNOW you don't know. Pop's has been a place I have tried off and on for almost 8 years.  Rex wants to love it. Rex needs to keep trying every 2 years or so...but much like when his father turned him into the cops at the tender age of 5...Rex is always hurt by Pops. Future Husband of the Multi Talented Pia Zadora and Pops...shame on you...you know better. Rex knows better. Rex deserves better. So does everyone else.
Went here in January. Wasn't anything special and they were out of pastrami so I didn't get a sandwich. My hubby ordered a cheese-steak. It didn't appeal to me enough to beg a bite from him and I was really hungry.. I ended up ordering by phone from the Blue Nile restaurant (yummy Ethiopian food - great choice). I did have a few fries though. They were alright. Only went once and was not really impressed enough to try it again. There are far too many culinary delights in Vegas to waste time on the mediocre. You are not going to miss out if you skip this place for another random sandwich shop.
If your hungry at 1, 2 or 3 in the morning and don't want to spend over $10 for your meal, well look no further. POPS is open 24 hours and the sandwiches and sides here are just so yummy!!!!

The sandwiches are made to order, and are great! I usually get the chili fries or deep fried okra as a side to go with my sandwich. 

It's an outdoor walk-up orders type kind of place. Open outdoor seating. It's in a convenient location near Meadows Mall, right on Decatur. Easy to drive pass this place, but I'm sure you won't miss the huge POPS writing on the roof! 

Parking lot is small, but there always a spot you can get since they are super fast with getting orders made. 

Don't worry for those who are not really into philly cheese steak sandwiches, they have salads and chicken and other options as well. So there's always something that everyone can order. 

This is a place that i highly recommend!!! Well worth your $10-15!
Pops hits the spot when you are craving greasy food at midnight.  Chili cheese fries are yummy!  Hit up this spot if you are in vegas!  Will def come again.  :)
Best cheesesteak I've had, very good and nicely proportioned.  

It's been here since forever, so you know it is good if they are still around.  I usually order the cheese wiz with onions, even though I don't like onions, they are very sweet and tender.

They also have some of the best chili cheese fries I have had.  Give em a try and see if you agree.

Only bad thing is the fact that it is 100% outside, so if the super hot, crazy cold, windy, rainy, etc weather that we always seem to have, it's not a very good place for lunch or dinner.  But when the weather permits, have a philly!
When my family moved from Maine to Las Vegas we needed something filling and not out of a bag. We drove by and though what the heck let's try it. They are on the pricy side but it was well worth it. The sandwiches were flavorful and the staff were very friendly.
Always wanted to stop here, finally did after 6 years, could have waited 6 more.  I was disappointed. Not as good as I was hoping for.  I think it was close to $12 for a pretty small Cheese Steak.  I will bedriving by next time.
Okay, the friends ravvvved about this place... and um, it was not up to par. 

Apparently, it was a no-no to go on a Thursday night. 

The Best "Grill Master" works on Friday and Saturday Night...

So, if you go, go one one of those days... 

I must say though, the fried okra was awesome!
Ordered fried mushrooms and okra for myself and hot wings and fries for my husband. 

*- Okra was really good but the mushrooms was horrible! It tasted as if the mushrooms were over-due or something. I also couldn't help but notice that everything wasn't freshly prepared. Everything was frozen until ordered. 

-* husband likes the wings and fries. I didn't get a chance to try any because I was so disgusted with the mushrooms. Made me lose my appetite.
BLECK!

they pre-cook there flavorless meat and veggies.... do i really have to say more?
the "sandwich" tasted like one of those ones you take out of the freezer and put in the mircowave for 2 minutes....

i barely would even consider there food edible if starving to death.

just gross.

and just a side note, it was 11 for the sub... you can get 2 subway footlongs for the same price and skip the chance of food poisoning
I am fanatical about cheesesteaks. Some friends and I used to road trip from VA to 9th and Passyunk in Philly to put Pat's and Geno's head to head. (Pat's wins that battle, by the way.)

Anyhow, POP's is even more fanatical about cheesesteak. Look at their website and the detailed manifesto explaining why they use Liberty Steaks, Amarosa Bakery rolls and other carefully sourced and authentic ingredients.

It shows in the finished product, a Pat's style sandwich with ribeye chopped on the grill. I order mine wit extra onions (caramelized to a beautiful brown) and Cheez Whiz. I recommend you do the same. Can't go wrong with the classics.

This is a true Philly style experience with a walk up counter, metal tables on a patio, and a mural of Ben Franklin on the wall, and it's open 24/7. It's a half hour drive for me but well worth it. Best cheesesteak in Vegas, easily.
this place is a total hole in the wall. the parking lot is small and if you don't take it to go, you have to sit outside to eat. when you walk up to order, there's a guy that's making the cheese steaks as you order... we ordered a regular cheese steak with peppers, onions and mushrooms... when we got our food, we sat down and took my first bite.... YUM! it was pretty darn good....slightly bland but still definitely worth trying. next time i go to vegas, i'd go again.

if you can't make it to their location, i noticed they do have a food truck too.
OMG!

24 hour casual drive in place. Outdoor seating only, gets a little windy there.

Philly cheese is their specialty and WOW are they good at it.

Got the #32 with mushrooms & peppers with some provolone. The only thing you need to remember is to get plenty of napkins.

This is oozing, dripping goodness!
We have been visiting POP's for years!  We are never disappointed by the food.  Awesome Philly Steak Sandwiches.  LOVE their onion rings. I love the quirkiness of eating outside.  Every time we have out of towners we take them here!
Best cheese steaks in all of Vegas! if you're a big fan of philly's and want something as close to a real steak from Philly this is your place. There is no indoor seating but during the nicer times of year it is really nice to sit outside on the patio. I found this place on accident just after moving to Vegas 4 1/2 years ago and i've been hooked ever since. Love love love Pop's!!
I always order a "#32" when I'm in their neighborhood, and I'm NEVER disappointed.

If they were located in South Philly, I can tell you that GENO'S would be worried!

The food is awesome, it's served up with a smile by friendly folks, and best of all, the place is open 24/7.

If you are addicted to Philly Steak Sandwiches (as I am), made by some folks who are actually FROM PHILLY, stop by and check them out.

You'll become addicted, too.
Maybe I was there at the wrong time. Maybe the cook had a bad night. Drove past this place so many times over the years and never stopped. The lack of flavor made me wish I had kept going. Had a #4 Philly w/ provolone and side of chili fries. It was all bland. Wish I could have had one of the great Philly's I read about in the other reviews but not so lucky.
Good food but it's over price better off going to subway.
It's good and the sodium levels are not as high as other places. You can really taste the flavor of the beef but if it cools down then it'll start to taste kind of bland, it's better to eat it right away while it's hot. I love how it's 24/7 and the staffers are friendly. I usually get a #4, #6, #34 and I have yet to try # 32. If you want an awesomely tasting cheese steak but without the added sodium (salt) then I would highly recommend POP's.

Sometimes I get the Chilli Cheese fries with pastrami which is also good but can make you kinda heavy.

Some say the cheese steak is bland but that's because there isn't as much salt like other places which can really alter the flavor/taste of the cheesesteak., so if your lookin out to have more foods with less salt then I recommend this place.

I don't think the drive through actually works to get your order, I mean I went to POP's like 33 times and it doesn't look like they actually take orders in the drive through, if they did, i'd probably give POP's another star.
Uhm... maybe I am slightly judgmental because I have been to Philly. I remember going to Pop's a few years ago, and thinking it was amazing. That was pre-Philly and pre-Philly Steakout.

The Steak:

Pop's is okay. I ordered the traditional with the whiz and onion. It was fresh. The bread was soft, but it wasn't anything to write home about. You can honestly buy meat from the butcher near the Meadows mall, and recreate something just as tasty yourself.

The Italian "ice":

A total miss. I adore real Italian ice, which was my main reason for stopping by. This tasted like a masked popsicle. Such a disappointment!

I would go back if I was in the area, but I'm sticking to Straight from Philly Steakout.
Just OK.Use to be much better.Philly steak is unseasoned, however  I do like the pastrami fries. Over priced for not being one of the best tasting philly steak joints.
I love Pop's! The cheese whiz is what I order with extra whiz and provolone (yep it is cheeeeeeezzzy) and onion. I am never disappointed. 

I love that they have "wise" chips as well.

My husband can eat a whole sandwich and be satisfied I personally can only eat half then save the other half for later it is well worth the money. This last visit was nice because there was no line! Sometimes there is a line but it moves real quick. 

I recommend it to anybody that loves cheese steaks and all who think they don't.
It is on a old school original A-frame wiener schnitzel and if it is your first time you can drive through the middle of the "A" but don't think there is a drive-thru to order food it is simply a place to get you back on the road you must park in the lot and walk up to the window.

The "Mozzarella Sticks" and "Cheese Whiz Fries" are super yummy.

You can sign up for their e-club and get coupons and deals.

I have seen that they now have a food truck as well at a couple food truck events so give it a try!
This is the only place I've tried for a Philly since I been living on the West. I've been to Philly...numerous times, so I know what to expect and also how to order the sandwich properly. To me...the Philly was pretty good. Didn't go crazy..just with whiz, onions, green peppers and jalapeño. I devoured it. It's no Genos or Tony Luke...but it comes close enough. I will visit again, but only on a weekend day.
This is "fast food "  Los Angeles style. I say L.A. because you see places like this
all over... but what sets this apart from most is the food. Nothing mediocre
about it. The sandwiches are huge (enough for 2) and very tasty. The Italian was
excellent and would have done A -1 Imports in Long Beach,Ca. Proud. You can
get "bananas foster". Deep fried string beans. I got this stuff home and opened the
bags -- my sweeties ' eyes damn near popped out - the food is great looking but
tastes even better than it looks -- that sandwich made me cry, for God's sake. I
honestly wiped tears from my eyes.
This is NOT the Pop's of yore. This is a Vegas institution that is riding on the laurels of days past.

Nowadays the sandwiches are getting smaller but the prices are getting taller. Are they good? Yes, but not for the prices they are asking.

And why is that? Well, for one, they are in one of the busier intersections in town. So not only do you suffer the noise and heat  and exhaust of car after car, but you stand probably the best chance of getting into a traffic accident here more than just about any other restaurant in town. 

Also, the place needs some sprucing up. It is looking run down and weathered. It actually looks sun-baked. 

So where did the Pop's of yesterday go? Why it changed hands, and with different owners comes different prices structures and these changes aren't always subtle. It kind of looks likes the Pop's of old. And it kind of tastes like the pop's of old. But it isn't the Pop's of old.

Now on to the Cheese Whiz aspect. Actually works really well. But when they start at $9.99 for a basic no frills sandwich, you feel a little cheated. And when you're paying $14.99 for a place where you sit outside in the noise and heat and add it all up...well Hell, you just feel plain cheated after you've finished you're dinky sized sandwich ( when compared to not long ago ). 

And I don't give a woodchucks behind, if you feel cheated, that isn't the feeling you want at a Mom & Pop drive-in, diner, and now, dive.
I didn't have my first Philly cheesesteak sandwich until I was about 35 on a trip to Philly.  I fell in love.  Pops is the best in vegas for the authentic taste.  They even fly their bread in from Philly (something about the water in Philly makes it better).  It really is a true taste of Philly... you gotta try it.
Got the chili cheese fries which were pretty darn good. Boyfriend and I got the provolone and steak sandwiches. The meat had no flavor and pretty much sucked. I'm thinking it would have tasted better with the cheese wiz because the cheese had yummy flavor to it. Definitely was on the pricey side for a sandwich.
Well, I tried.

I've lived in the Philadelphia area my entire life. I've eaten cheesesteaks at several different places, so I like to think I know what I'm talking about. I was looking forward to trying Pops, as many people have said they're the most authentic in the city.

Well, they tried too, but unfortunately, it wasn't the experience I'm used to from Philly. The meat wasn't browned enough. The roll was somehow too soft, which is weird because they use the same Amoroso rolls that are used in Philly. And then the whiz.... they poured it on top of the meat. Travesty, I tell you. In Philly, they mix it in with the meat so that you have an equal bite of cheese to meat. I honestly didn't think it'd make much of a difference, but i had a ton of cheese in the bites I took from the top of the sandwich, and no cheese on the bottom of the sandwich. 

They did have tastykakes though. That made me pretty happy. I also like how they're open 24 hours a day. I'll have to try one of their breakfast hoagies (incorrectly named by Pops as "Breakfast Phillys".... honestly, if you go into a sandwich shop in philly and ask for anything called  "philly", they will not know what you're talking about).

So why the three star review if I was dissatisfied? Well, I hate giving low reviews to perfectly good businesses. I'm sure what I ate was a great sandwich. For people from Vegas who want a good cheesesteak, this is a great option. For people from Philly who've had the real deal however, you may be a little disappointed that it doesn't taste like it's from back home.
As someone from the Philly area, driving by had me pretty excited. Pop's looks like Pat's! However, I got a cheesteak, with whiz, onions, and peppers- but they forgot the flavor.  Everything about it was bland.  I couldn't differentiate between the meat and the onions. It was weird. And the bread was awful- it was soft and did not taste like an Amoroso. Looks were most definitely deceiving. That said, the patio is great! And so were the sweet potato fries.
OK, so maybe not the best cheesesteak I've ever had, but mostly that was because of the bread, which is mediocre at best. The steak itself makes up for that and then some or I'd have given this a lower rating. I'd say it's not like a "Philly" cheesesteak and you can probably get a better cheesesteak within the New York - Philly corridor, and maybe slightly outside of that area... But honestly, out on this side of the country where you can't bake good bread, it's the best you'll find for a thousand miles. Great cheesesteak, interesting but fun atmosphere, worth the drive way off the strip.
I had the number 6 today, Philly steak with provolone cheese and mushrooms for $9.99 and it was great! It came with onions and was a footlong. I didn't have the appetite for more otherwise I would have gotten sweet potato fries, maybe next time.
order the pork grinder (my favorite) .. only to be bone chunks and fat..guess i'll have to find another favorite
Came here for some late night munchies. Had the cheese steak. Everything was already precooked, and the cook just took the meat out of the holding oil, placed it on the bun, toppings, then slapped it together and sent it out. LAME!! I know at 3 in the morning it can't be that busy where you can't make the ingredients to order.. Sigh..

BTW: came in here pretty hammered after going to the bar with some of the fellas from work. Wish I could remember more, but I couldn't :)))
Not a fan of the philly cheese steak here. I thought all sandwiches were made fresh to order but not Pops. They have many different sandwiches but I ordered a classic philly cheese steak, as I was leaving the front window I see the cook pull meat out of a pan that had been pre cooked already, right then and there I was disappointed. Sandwich was okay and a little greasey. I haven't been here in awhile and maybe they have changed their ways of cooking a fresh philly, at least I hope so.
I was actually really impressed with this place.  After going out you know you want something delicious and this is a great spot.  The food is amazing I usually get the Cheese Wiz because let's face it when getting a Philly the only cheese you should put on it is Cheese Wiz.  The Fried Okra was amazing!!!! I haven't had that good of Fried Okra since I lived in Texas.
I give Pop's five stars, with great relief. I live near Pop's and pass it all the time, but had been reluctant to try them out. I am very picky about steak. In fact, I don't even like Geno's (sorry) and consider Jim's the only place for me whenever I'm in Philly.

For my first visit, I ordered the #32 mushroom & peppers with Provolone. What a hot, delicious mess! I'm glad I ordered it to go and ate it in my own kitchen. Seriously, the bread is a little too soft to support all the fillings. It was damn good otherwise, maybe needs a little mayo and/or ketchup for the "salt" factor. The meat seemed to be of good quality and I didn't end up gagging on any fat or gristle, thank god. 

I will definitely be back for more, especially since I don't have to worry about the place closing before I get there. Open 24 hours and not McDonald's is a win in my book.
I enjoy going to POP's from time to time in order to enjoy a nice cheesesteak. Unfortunately, their location isn't close to home or in a place I frequent very often. It is worth driving out of the way for, however, to satisfy my craving.

I always order the #2 Cheese Whiz Steak with onions. The gorgeous pictures on their menu always tempt me to order something different, but the memory of that gooey delicious cheese on top of tender steak just trumps all other urges. When it comes to sides, I've had the fried zucchini and the whiz wheels. The zucchini was alright. Nothing to write home about really. I didn't care for the whiz wheels. When asked what they were, they described them to be "like fries." They're nothing like fries. Rather, they remind me of Asian shrimp chips.

The service isn't amazing. Half the time, the person working behind the grill is very inattentive; doesn't really greet you and merely waits for you to order without saying anything. The patio eating area is a bit run down. The stools aren't the most comfortable to sit on either, but I guess it's part of POP's charm.
Ok... Ive had enough. I will NOT go one more day with the reviews on here that aren't addressed. If you rate POPs below 4 stars; then you are a complainer. First of all; my favorite food on a piece of bread is The Cheesesteak. I have been to Philly on numerous occasions and have been to all the touristy spots Pats...Genos... Tony Lukes and out of those 3 Tony Lukes is by far the best. Pops is the best representation of Philly in Las Vegas. 
The grillmaster makes all the difference. Steve is far and away the man on the grill. Yes, you have to speak up; the man is from Philly and he doesnt reward meekness or stupidity. I like that. Its not a 5 star restaurant. The sandwiches aren't cheap; this isn't a 99¢ special joint. If they are just recooking your meat then speak up. Ive only had fresh meat and chicken. He brings his Amorosos in from Philly... So for those of you that are from Philly and complain about the rolls: you know nothing. I will continue to seek out Cheesesteaks everywhere that I live and in Las Vegas, I found my spot once again. Its called Pops.
always loved this spot even under different names - grillmen are friendly and steaks are tasty...

they go to the trouble of ordering amoroso bread in from philly giving the steaks that true philly feel.

big ups, mad love. this is my fav cheesesteak on this side of the country.
Everyone has a different opinion about Pop's, after a three week craving for Philly cheesesteaks, I came here after work to give it a try. I can see why the reviews are so mixed. The flavors of the sandwich is delicious, but does it warrant the price? Yes and no. 

The pros: The bread is soft and spongy with a toothy bite to it. The filling is cooked on a well seasoned griddle which picks up more flavor as the day goes on. The Cheese Whiz is plentiful. The fried zucchini were some of the best I have had. They are not freshly made, but the batter holds firm. 

The cons: The meat and fixings was on the skimpy side. Some of the sides are worth the $3.95, but items such as the pretzel costing that much is ridiculous. Especially since they are so cheap to produce. 

One item I am tempted to go back for is their breakfast philly. From 7am-10am, or something close to that, they run a special where it is only $5. That would be worth another visit.
Great food! Love sitting outside when the weather is nice, watching the cars go by while eating a yummy cheesesteak. It's quite a distance from where I live, but it's worth it!
Ok, so im from philly. So this review is for you transplants who may want to consider eating here. 

If you grew up in or around philly (im from lower bucks), you know how a cheesesteaks supposed to be made. 
The guys are supposed to take your order,  grill up the meat, grill the onions& peppers alongside the meat, add the cheese and hash it all together with a spatula. Then its supposed to be served on a foot long (aka 18") hoagie roll. 

Pops did it a bit differently. The meat & veggies were precooked and sitting to the side of the grill. The cook took a scoop of each and put them on the grill, stirred them up a bit, and added my cheese. Then he took a roll, opened it and put it on top, scooping it up so that the cheese was only on the bottom of the roll. 

The taste was still pretty authentic, but i wish id gotten mine fresh. 

The "restaurant" itself was similar in feel to an old-time drive in restaurant, except it did have a covered patio with 6 or 7 tables. Very dive-y. I liked it. 

In conclusion, this was a perfect spot for a post-drive in movie date (10 minutes away on rancho), fun, and a decent cheesesteak, at least for vegas. 

Ill be back for sure. A solid 4 stars.
The Cheesesteak is the best in Vegas.  Outdoor seating only.  Go when the weather is nice.
Delicious Philly steaks. Made fresh. Best sauce for sweet potato fries.
Pops is the ONLY place in vegas where you can get a good philly, the way you want it.  The best in vegas hands down!!!! Its Craveable!! As for the other comment i never had my meat pre-cooked and ive lived in vegas my whole life and have been eating at pops since 2002 when it opened. Nonetheless they are the best!
I wuz hunger for sum Filly chezsteek. So I cam too Pup's Filly Sticks on dekatur. Urijinally I wans a chez bruger at In & Owet. But it no stop my hunger. I was dissapoint. 

I ordur da numbur 2. It had Cheez Wiss on it. It wuz berry god.  I no have the hunger no moar. Also it ownlee cost 9 dollurs. I will come bak some they. 

I giv dis playce fur stars.
its a cheese steak. it tasted a little bland. i dont have that much of a craving for cheese steaks and when i do theres other places i can goto.
Great quick stop for a Philly Cheese Steak, especially if you are up late or getting off work in the early hours of the morning (as my fellow gravies do). The fries are good, the Phillys are excellent, and the cook is always tip worthy.

If you are planning to eat "in" then wear a nice thick jacket in the winter as the seating is all patio.
Dang... what a great philly cheesesteak found in the middle of the desert in Las Vegas! It was tad expensive ($9.50?) but it was well worth it. It had a good amount of grilled bellpepper, mushroom, onion, and of course, cheesesteak... Delicious! I also had a chilly fries and it was ginormous... My friend and I barely finished our own chessesteak and chilly fries.

They were greasy, delicious, large portion and mouth-watering.. Too bad I don't go to Vegas too often.. When I visit Vegas again, I will make sure to come back to this place!
The most legitimately Philidelphian Cheesesteak Joint in Las Vegas.

The way they select the meats for their sandwiches is superb. Fat and stringy beef, just like the ones in the East Coast when I was a child. When you chew your bites, the meat sort of falls apart and melts in your mouth. I have spent years trying to find the "right cheesesteak" in Nevada and California for ages. 

The problem I noticed when it comes to ordering a cheesesteak in any place is not Philidelphia is that the establishment can't get the ingredients right. They usually love to bastardize the recipe with their "lean, organic, and fat free" ingredients that fuck up every aspect of the experience, the taste, texture, and even the look. I couldn't believe how many people can bungle a SIMPLE recipe of melt-in-your-mouth CHEESE... and steak. 

A proper cheesesteak is a sloppy and messy one. Sort of like a Sloppy Joe, but cheesy. Its where the wrapping paper still has bits of that "cheese paper" still encrusted and stuck to the sides after you are done and you feel like you want to lick it off your fingers and the trash. Cheesesteaks should have a pungent, cheesy, and greasy odor that alerts the entire block within the vicinity of your possession of a good cheesesteak. 

And many restaurants couldn't even get the basic concept of it right. I was about to give up in frustration until I looked online and found this place on Yelp. My first impression was, "You guys are full of shit", but I had extra money on me so I ordered a classic cheesesteak with fried okra. 

After the first bite, I went into a epileptic seizure where I relived my best moments as a 6 year old, experiencing authentic Philly Cheesesteak for the first time as a kid. From what I was told by the hospital staff, the cooks found me lying on the sidewalk with yellow cheesy saliva foaming on the edges of my mouth, and paramedics picked me up to drop me off at Sunrise Hospital. 

My diabetic stroke was worth it!
How do people think this is a real philly cheesesteak? The meat has NO FLAVOR, the mushrooms are clearly out of a can and taste gross and have no flavor at all. Its in a shady location but it does have a legacy behind it. Its cool that its open 24 hours but it tastes SO BAD so who cares?!. Tried the Italian ices and they tasted awful as well. Stay away from this place. Looks really dirty as well there are other places I would choose over this place for sure.
All it was hyped as. Sandwich was tasty and the roll soft. I was very happy.
A bunch of us stopped by here for lunch on a work day and I wasn't disappointed.

We went on their website and printed a coupon and figured we'd try it out.
Now I've been to all the top Philly joints in Philadelphia and I don't keep my expectations that high here in vegas - BUT I had high hopes for this place and it was just alright. 

I thought with the way everything was priced ( a tad high ) that the outcome would be great, but it really didn't wow me. I had fried okra as my side and it was pretty greasy - nothing spectacular.

I wouldn't go out of my way to stop by here again, but it's worth giving a shot.
awesome philly cheese steak, I am from the east coast mid Atlantic area and Pop's has it on lock down for cheese steaks. it's well worth the trip to try this place out. Also they have tasty cakes... Another mid Atlantic staple for a sweet. thanks Pop's for being out West
I came here expecting a hot and delicious Philly steak and received a chewy cold bread and cheese disaster. 

Cold cheese whiz. Nasty food and service.

and very over-priced!!!
Food was good.  Fairly plentiful.  But the prices are just way too high for what you get.
The guy behind the counter was a jerk too.  I had never been there before and was trying to place an order for my disabled friend and myself.  It always takes just a little longer.  But the guy was impatient and rude.
Had been driving by this place for ages and always wanted to stop.  Been there. Done that. Won't stop again.
Guy behind the counter needs to chill out.
Cheese steaks in multiple varrieties.  Not bad food but I thought it was a little pricey...a little over $11 for one cheese steak and a soda.
I  had been wanting to try Pop's for the longest time.  And every time I drive by the colorful stand, I think to myself "Why on God's green earth have I not been there yet?".  Well, all this anticipation contributed to the big let down.  

I love anything authentic.  And supposedly all of the ingredients (rolls, cheese, meat) are flown in directly from Philly itself. I ordered the provolone mushroom cheesesteak, and it was just OK.  Maybe I needed to order the cheese whiz to make it more authentic, but I just can't bring myself to eat something that artificially bright yellow. 

The roll was definitely piled high with the tender meat.  I only ate half because it was so filling.  But it wasn't as seasoned or flavorful as I was expecting it to be.  The mushrooms added some flavor, but that was it.  Perhaps I am just not a phillycheesesteak type of girl. 

There were 2 people ahead of me in line, so there was a bit of a wait. I am just grateful I went in the spring and not in the middle of summer.  I doubt i will have any cheesesteak cravings any time soon, but it is comforting to know that if I do have one, they are open 24 hours.

*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 26/100*
Decided to stop here for some late night eats after a night spent downtown. Had just a Philly Sandwich with the cheese wiz and a small soda...$12 seemed kind of steep. The Sandwich was so so, there was a generous portion of steak on the sandwich and the bread was not to bad. It definitely was not a straight out of Philly experience for me...not awful by any means but I don't think I would be pumped up to go back.
In Vegas for most of May working at the House of Blues.
One of my buddies was jonesing for a philly cheesesteak.
All ingredients are shipped from back east, the rolls are perfect!
Excellent cheesesteaks, Steve was the grill master du jour, nice job!
They even have Tastee Cakes!
I wanted this place to work out. One of my Boyfriend's co-worker's John, RANTS about this place. I've read their menu about 6 times in the past year. We came here one time last year & ended up walking away because the NIGHT STAFF don't seem to care too kindly about customer service. They just rude, "What do you want?". My boyfriend & turned right back around & told the guy "I'm all set".  If that wasn't our FIRST bad sign.

Last night at 9pm, (wasn't busy) we tried it & when we should have turned right back around. Same thing again. "Yo, what can I get ya?", it was better than the last time. LOL we ordered two philly's. The guy took the time to ask me if I wanted onion. I said no onion PLEASE. Now I'm standing there reading the big sign in English, about how they PRIDE themselves on accuracy . Also make sure you get the receipt or the meal is on them! (cool!!!)  I'm thinking "WOW, they know to please their customers." 

At this point I'm trying to find a clean table, okay so I wipe down a table myself with my lemon scented hand wipes... I'm dying from the aroma coming from the kitchen.

FOOD TIME - The meat was DRY, it tasted like I was eating STEAKUMS ( ew ?!), with a hint of seasoning. VERY bland & dreadful food. Mine came with hardly any prov. cheese, I had ONION & mushrooms weren't cooked! I thought they would of sauteed the mushrooms at the very least on the grill. A philly is supposed to be juicy, flavorful & and most of all LOADED.

Even after the bad first expereince, I gave you the benefit of the doubt guy! I tipped & I still ended up feeling like I'm the bad guy. How does that work?

I'm putting my foot down, this place deserves a one star rating. I hope the Owner reads these reviews..
If you're looking to spend a lot of money for mediocre food that compares to what you can expect from the fresh sandwich selection at a gas station, this is your place. I'm not opposed to paying a premium for premium food, but that's not what happens here. 

The place looks pretty dirty, the people working there have zero personality, and the prices are absolutely outrageous. Do your self a favor and keep on driving the next time you're in the neighborhood and thank me later.
Yum-skiddley-umptious!

We ordered to go because it was too hot to sit in their outdoor seating.  Ate in the car.  The philly cheese steaks were great, cooked fresh, bread and meat all very tastey.  But the sweet potatoe fries were soggy and mostly just batter (might be the way they wrapped a paper around it, and steam was trapped).

Great for the phillys, not so much on the fries, and a downer for me to not have indoor air conditioned seating (we are in the desert people)
Hands down the best Philly steaks we've had in Vegas so far. After a night of drinking they're even better. Definite comfort food to the max.
A friend in Vegas brought us here and ever since, we always come back for more when we come to Vegas.  My husband loves this place.  

Coming late at night is kinda scary but we always come no matter what.  So good and yummy... Can't say no to POP's!!
One star for lack of customer service. Drove up to an old  Wienerschnitzel hot dog building. Kind of expected a nice sit down with air conditioning. All they had was outside sitting in the 103 degree Vegas sun. Walked up to the window. Someone inside was sitting down and ignoring a possible sale for 5 people. At $8.99 per sandwich plus the cost of drinks and snacks, the owner lost about $60 for one sale. You can imagine how many others have turned away. After reading the reviews with the idea of going back, I opted out of doing so. Reviews from many have indicated the food is sub-standard. Kind of sad. Don't be surprised to see them out of business with employees like this. Whoever was working 8/7/13 at around 4:30pm should be canned!
Well ok food...poor pops they need to upgrade dinning area or at least clean it. I saw a yelp reviewer mention that they refried old fries when she ordered I thought that was probably not true. Well I watched them do the same thing with my order...omg I had a bad taste I. My mouth the rest of the evening. I ordered Philly steak sandwich wich was ok. I won't be back for a while. Also greasy sweaty guy sweating on top of the food he's making. Just gross.
It's hard to find a great steak wit-whiz, but these guys deliver.  Quick, greasy, delicious.  The rolls are soft and remind of the bread you find at Jim's or Pat's in Philly.  The steak is tasty but not too salty.  The whiz is hot and plentiful.  The onions are caramelized and delicate.  Solid grillwork.  

The fries were OK.  Could be a little crunchier but they make great vehicles for more whiz!
Not a good dining experience with every fly in las Vegas in your face. VERY expensive for a sandwich with very little meat and even less cheese. Great cheese fries though.
ever since moving to las vegas, i've been scrambling to find substitutes for many of the places i used to eat at in the bay area... one of them being a place to buy a good cheesesteak. back home, i had the honor of being able to eat at the cheese steak shop, with locations all across the bay area... not to mention amato's in south san jose, which quite possibly has the best cheesesteaks you can get back home.

my search has lead me to pop's. this spot meets my expectations based on my sensibilities... which is, i enjoy a good cheesesteak, though i've never had an authentic one in philadelphia. pop's offers a cheesesteak with cheez whiz (which is apparently what they use in the authentic philly joints)... which is good, but i easily prefer the cheesesteak that uses american cheese... and the one's that pop's serve is definitely on point.

in one of my visits, i ordered the three cheese and chili cheesesteak. and let me tell you... that particular menu item is absolutely evil. it's one of those things you can eat that's so flavorful, but you know it will wreak havoc on your internals. i'm not having that again for a loooong time.

that being said, i'll definitely be eating here on a fairly regular basis, and i recommend this spot to people who aren't too much of a cheesesteak snob.
I loved Pop's.  
My roommate and I stopped there one night, and got 2 cheesesteaks to go.  He got the one with chili and cheese, I got the mushroom and provolone with onions.

The service was good.  The guys were nice enough for being in a hot kitchen in the middle of the summer.  They were attentive to us, and filled our order perfectly. 

It took about 15 minutes or so to get home, and we were worried that the buns would be soggy.

They weren't.  The sandwiches were perfect, tasty and HUGE!  I was stuffed!

The onion rings were to die for, and I loved the Pennsylvania Dutch "Birch Beer."  SO good.  

I want to try the fried okra next.  Hopefully I can make it back soon.
Pop's is the business. A little Philly Cheesesteak stand offering up vegetarian, chicken, and steak phillies. They are also serving up grinders, have a bunch of sides (fried mushrooms, cheese sticks, pinwheels, etc.). They also serve TastyKakes (and you get a free one on your birthday)! Best part of all this awesomeness is that is available to you, Las Vegas, 24/7!

I've  been to Pop's several times. I've always ordered their cheesesteaks and you gotta get the Cheez Whiz. I NEVER eat cheez wiz ever (cheese from a can?! What?!) and it a MUST and Philly tradition to do so. I always order mine with peppers, onions, and mushrooms. I've seen people say that everything was pre-cooked. The veggies were, but the meat was laid on the grill fresh, we had to wait for our fries, too. So, that may have been the past, but it's not true now. This was also at 10 PM on a Sunday night. The roll was soft, the meat was juicy and tender, and the whiz, the whiz was the whiz. A great sandwich. It came out to $10.99 before tax, but I can only eat half a time. 

If you have a late night craving or are needing something to soak up all the alcohol from your late night Vegas shenanigans, pop on over to Pop's!

They only offer outdoor seating and no public restrooms.
Closest come too real Philly Steak in Vegas. No question what makes its true east coast style  is the CHEESE WHIZ and really good bread. Now no east coast guy so have no basis just local boy from the islands. I do know is lot of east coast peeps one was visiting from the islands. Always told me the key is cheese whiz if its  not very good then just not real deal philly. It been years since I came here just cause out of the way from my house. Years go by but somethings never change. Yay!!

I had the works with mushrooms. onions, and without question get me some cheese whiz. The meat perfect thinly sliced, cooked perfect, moist, hot, and top it with saute mushrooms/onions. The icing on the cake or this case philly. Cheese whiz. Hot! Cheesy, and enough whiz that it never ending cheese whiz down till your last bite. Not only last bite but know good cheese whiz all over your hands. The bread has nice crust on the outside, moist, and fresh baked bread feel. Put it all together nothing better too soak up long night of drinking at 3am Vegas style. Reasonable price for late night or anytime grubbing. Philly true Philly no room for sides. They have lot of different sides too choose from and not only steak can choose too make Philly. Really is there any other way then steak?? Think not.

The atmosphere without doubt not only adds so much too Pops with no true seating just open patio area and ideal place too hang out talk stories with friends. It open late at night. It perfect spot after long night drinking, hang out open area one that no need worry about shout over people have conversation with friends, and bonus get best Philly desert every seen!!!!
I've never been to philly so I can't actually say I've had a real Philly cheesesteak however I will say this is the best philly I have tasted so far. And the cheese fries are good too.
Pop's puts out a good cheesesteak sandwich. The bread is good and holds up the fillings well. I am signed up on their email list so I get coupons from time to time. I had a coupon for free whiz fries and my wife likes to eat those as a meal so we headed out to Pop's for dinner. It was a nice evening and plenty of people were eating outside at the tables on their patio. There were about 5 people in line too but it moves pretty quick. I ordered a Whiz w/ onions and extra cheese. The sandwich with free whiz fries was almost ten bucks, not bad. My sandwich was  good but some of the meat was cooked a tad too long. The whiz fries were good as always. 

There is no place to eat inside here... Just a walk up window and the tables and chairs on the patio and no drive thru. I kind of like it like that.

Open 24 hrs.
My friend took me here in a recent trip to Las Vegas. BEST Philly cheesesteak I ever had. 

The beef was juicy and the bread was toasted perfectly.
I've been meaning to check this place out for a while now and I wish I had better news.

Pop's is pretty hard to miss. The giant triangular building has been serving up Philly's 24/7 for years now and has become a local favorite. Pop's exudes that hole in the wall atmosphere and really belongs on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives. Yes the Ben Franklin mural has seen better days but for me this mildly grimey look just adds to the experience. There is no in door seating just the outdoor patio so dress accordingly. They menu is pretty big, tons of philly variations along with plenty of deep friend snacks and TastyKakes (you get a free one on your birthday!)

I am sure the guys here can produce a edible work of art with the cheez wiz but I was a little disappointed in what I got. My bacon philly and a bottle of water came out to twelve bucks; for the price I expected more. The philly was surprisingly dry and lacking flavor. Normally adding bacon to any dish is an improvement but here it just added a rubbery textured ingredient to otherwise soft sandwich. The hoagie looked great at first but became soggy and fell apart as it soaked up the grease. I've heard rumors that the place was sold a few years back had hasn't been the same since. 

I might have ordered the wrong thing or just been there on a off day so I am willing to give the place another shot. Perhaps until next time.
Sorry Pops...you need to step up the quality!!!
Improve the beef quality, make fresh fried mushrooms and fried zucchini by hand...I was disgusted at the fact that most of your food is frozen pre-cooked!  Yeah, your hours are absolutely fabulous but you shouldn't skimp on the quality so much.  Then again, judging by the area, you can't be expected to charge more than what you're already charging, as no one in the area would be able to afford your food. 
I would rather starve for the day than eat this again.....heartburn/colon blow your brains out afterwards!
We've come here twice in the past 2 years we've been in vegas.  I have no idea why people can even rat this stuff considering it's run poorly.  Both times we went and ordered our food they screwed up our sandwiches. Mine was a philly with mushrooms and peppers. NO ONION.  I went up and told them there was a mistake so being that it was 11pm and pretty cold. My boyfriend was eating his food and I had to watch.  Okay well he tells me it was really flavorless.  How do you kill the flavor of the meat?   I had to completely agree when my order was ready 7 minutes later... I went for a bite and expected there to be gooey cheese on it and SOME seasoning. Nope.  It was so bland I couldn't eat the rest of it and decided the second try was the  LAST TRY.  I don't get it, we came at all the way out from our side of town to try it.  We even went as late like everybody's recommended. Still awful service. Not to mention the two guys working were miserable.

I rather spend the money and go to Green Valley's Buffet and have them make me a Philly COOK TO ORDER.  At least there the meat was juicy, flavorful and I could SEE what the hell they're up to in the kitchen.
My friends seem to love this place.  They will drive the distance.

We ordered a couple things off the menu.  Provolone Cheese Steak was good.  It would've tasted a lot better if it had more flavor or some sort of sauce.  I split this meal with my friend.  It was pretty fulfilling if you ask me.  The Cheese Fries were alright.  The cheese tasted to artificial for me.  The cheese probably would've tasted better on nacho chips than on fries.  The Jalapeno Poppers were good.  Everything probably would've tasted much better had the weather been warmer and indoors.  This place has only outdoor seating.  It's been around.  The cool thing about this place is that they make sure they get your order right and give you your receipt.  If they don't, your food is free.  It's stated on the wall...

I'd give this place 3.5 stars, but since my friends enjoy eating here I gave it a 4 instead.
How could I have missed this place?

For $9-$10, you can get one utterly amazing cheesesteak.

I've tried chill cheese, barbecue, pizza, even fish cheesesteaks.  And somehow each one is just as amazing (though the chili cheese one is my personal favorite).  Their menu is to the point, but they have a lot of options within the cheesesteak and fry families.  Even their chips are good.

I see that they have Italian Ices as well, but I'm not even bothering with that until the weather warms up.

I've driven by this place so many times.  For YEARS now.  How could I not have explored this amazing place before?  I LOVE cheesesteaks!  It boggles my mind, is what it does!  

But I'll put it this way: Now that I have found this place, I will make up for lost time.  I've already hit this place up several times in the last month.  Heck, I even hit it up on Christmas Day night after being over the whole turkey and ham thing.  24/7, they never close.  I could get a cheesesteak at 3:17 A.M. if I wanted to, and there's no force of man that could stop me.  Truly a marvel of modern invention, this place.

.....

And if you haven't gathered, I've quickly grown to love Pop's in the last month.  Wow.

Cheesesteak.
Oh man! I wish they had this in Cali! Best Philly cheesesteaks I've ever had! Onion rings and fried mushrooms are on point!  Actually everything on their menu is delicious!  Great, especially after a night of clubbing on the strip!
I love this place me and my girlfriend and her brother ordered from here and the food was delicious I had the chicken wings which tasted soo good with ranch almost as good but better then any other place I ate chicken wings at. The chili cheese fries were the bomb and the cheeze wiz they used for the cheese made it that much better this is my favorite place and will be me and my girlfriends to go spot.
The ONLY place for REAL Philly cheese steaks in Vegas. I've been to Philly many times so I know the comparison. This place is open 24 hours. Fantastic hoagies and sides as well. Love this spot.
The best philly sandwich this side of Philly and maybe better than philly. Off the beaten path but worth the drive. I live far south of the valley but anytime I'm out near it I go.
If you have never had a Philly cheesesteak, and your trying one for the first time. Pops is the place to try them for the real authentic Philly cheesesteak taste, it doesn't get any better than this
this place has sandwiches that are overpriced and is drowned in cheese whiz. my husband I went here and we were so excited I cannot believe we paid $20 for two sandwiches we barely got any meat we really just got cheese whiz on bread. poor excuse for Philly cheese steak sandwich. we will never come here again if I could give it zero stars I would.
Ate there around 10:30pm ish last night.  Around 1am ish, me and my little 6 yrs old boy has food poisoning from that place.  We're at the UMC urgent care right now.  Hope that help.  I've also filed a complaint with the Health department.
I've always been a fan of Pop's Philly sandwiches, even though they are a little expensive. And while the now-defunct Triple Play was better (and cheaper), this is the place to go if you're craving a cheesesteak.

We ordered one provolone and one Cheez Whiz, both with onions. At $10 a pop (plus an extra $5 for fries and tip), this was a pricey lunch! But we don't eat there often (and no one should probably be making a cheesesteak part of their daily diet), so the splurge was worth it. Plenty of meat, nice chewy bread, and a healthy (or not) helping of cheese on each. The fries were kind of mushy, but they served their purpose. Next time we'll try the fried okra. (They also have fried mushrooms, sweet potato fries, and a few other sides that didn't appeal to me.)

If you take a trip to the A-frame building, know your protocol before stepping up to the window: Order on the left, watch the guy make your food, then pay on the right. There's a small outdoor dining area if you want to breathe in the smells of fried onions and exhaust fumes from passing cars. Otherwise, do what we do: Take your cheesesteaks home, where you can enjoy them with a nice cold beverage of your choosing.
Definitely my favorite place to go for a cheese steak. Will drive the distance to go here! Be conscious that its is all outdoors so keep weather in mind, but absolutely worth it. Yeah, its pricey but the flavors are more than enough to satisfy that craving.They make the food right in front of you and they do it quickly. Their menu expands past  Philly cheese steaks and fries, I really love their Italian sub its phenomenal!!!!! And dont forget to order the sweet potato fries, they are served with an apple cinamon sauce that makes them over the top!
The only authentic philly cheesesteak place in Vegas, simply because they have CheezWiz. Although the taste is sketchy sometimes, it's worth going out of your way for... and since it's DEAD CENTER WEST it's not really close to anything.

I think it's be awesome (and cheaper) for them to use nacho cheese instead of cheez wiz. It's probably taste better too since it has a kick.

Big Sloppy sandwiches just like I like them!
I'm not known for being a cheese steak fan, but I do love cheese. Add in that this place is about a mile from home for me, and that it's 24 hours, and it's pretty much kismet that I would finally come here and actually really like it.

First off, its a bit  pricier than expected: spent $25 on dinner for me and the BF.
As others have said though, the sandwiches are beyond huge enough to share.  We got the #32 peppers and onions cheesesteak with provolone ($11), added on sides of chili cheese fries ($4) and an order of wings (10 for $8), and a Franks black cherry soda ($2).  For the price, the sandwich and wings were good portions. I didn't think the same thing about the soda or fries though- but then again, I'm not a soda person in the first place, though I understand this brand is apparently something special.

The sandwich itself, in addition to being huge, was stuffed full of meat and veggies. The cheese was a little light for my liking, and it was slightly on the dry side toward the ends of the sandwich, but it was good. In the future, I'd probably stick to the mushroom one though.
The chili cheese fries were fairly standard and a smaller portion than I expected but we still devoured them in record time. The wings, though, were a surprise. I ordered the mild ones rather than hot, and still found these to be surprisingly spicy. I'd definitely hesitate before ordering their "flamin'" style, I can't imagine how much hotter they must get. Portion was good for the price, wings were an average size without being too small or overly fried or breaded. Huge portion of ranch for dipping. I liked how easily the meat came off the bone, too. A little less messy than usual. 

We ate at the patio area, and it was noisy and difficult to carry on conversation, as others have said. However, it wasn't a total turn off and in fact kind of added to the experience. I'll have to come back and try the sweet potato fries...and the breakfast sandwiches... maybe I'll add the Whiz next time, too.
I vaguely remember a mound... oops... mounds of meat... steak meat... my memory isn't quite well... something about cheese... three of them... provo? American?  Cheese wizard? I can't quite recall... sloppyness... I remember sloppyness... damn speellcheck all to h3ll! Please quit reading this revue... I think I'm steak and cheese wasted!!

On a serious tip... those who complain about the price are the same that have no problem paying $4.00 for McD's featured slop sandwich.
Maybe if I was really drunk this would be good. Sober one of the worst phillys I've ever had. To put it in perspective think your average cafeteria cheese steak. Bad quality meat. Average hoagie bun. Cheese wiz was good but who am I kidding cheese wiz is always good. Not impressed at all with this place and I will not be back. Even if I am faced I will walk past this place I am 90% sure... Haha
A review is overdue for sure I as I have been stopping by here a lot more often over the last few months. My sweet friend Sergio I noticed often has a very large appetite on the nights we hang out. Pop's is close to his house so it makes a stop very convenient late at night since they are always open.

The staff is friendly and they make good solid food so this review will be sweet and simple. I have had a variety of their cheesesteaks in the past and they have always been good with quality ingredients. I must say that I really enjoy their sweet potato fries that come with a yummy coconut dipping sauce. Their regular French fries are great as well and are fresh cut.

Service is great, food is great and they are open 24/7. My only tip to you is that this is not a place to come to if you are low on cash, you better save those coins for the dollar menu somewhere else if you are on a budget! lol

Take out is your best option as it is a free standing store with a few patio chairs and tables to sit at outside. It is on a busy street so it may not be as comfortable relaxing to eat with cars whizzing by plus the crazy wind.

Check Pop's Philly Steaks out!
I'mma give it a 5-star because the sandwich was pretty filling...the rest is subjective.  I prefer my philly steak sandwiches to have a garlic mayo, noticeable slices of onion and bell peppers and mushroom.
I got a #4 which is the steak with provolone cheese.  size was good and steak portion was great, so was the steak flavor.  I didn't see too many noticeable onions though since it was pre-sautéed and mixed in.  just the sandwich was $10.80 after tax.  meh, I'd say it was worth it.  I am not a fan of cheez whiz, which there seemed to be a lot of varieties of items using it, but at least it is Kraft brand.
Oh well, take it as you will.  I would recommend this place though.
This was the worst philly cheese steak I ever had as soon as I discovered a metal bag tie inside the meat half way through eating the sandwich luckily I could spit it out before I started chocking on it and would have had to go to the hospital. This is not what I expected for an 11.99 plus tax sandwich. See attached picture
We swing by pop's every couple of weekends and it's always delicious.  
The sandwich is huge and always stuffed!!

My favorite is cheesesteak with extra wiz, mushrooms and onions.
Simple and deilicious.  Their fried okra is also tasty!

I would definitely recommend this place.
Got a cheesesteak, this was so gross, I had to throw half away.  They have gone way down hill.  The meat was so disgusting, it had no taste and tasted like dog meat.  $10 for a steak sandwich is alot, but if it's good, I wouldn't mind.  You couldn't give this to me for free.  The only good part of it was the roll, (Amoroso), you can't go wrong.  I'll be making my own steak sandwiches with Amoroso rolls from now on.
Born n Raised in Philly, I know my shit when it comes to steak sandwiches and this place should be closed down.  Will never go back.
First off its EXPENSIVE! 

The man making the sandwiches gave me a funny look when I asked for JUST turkey cheese and bacon. I don't like condiments and I don't like vegetables. But he hooked me up on the #36. It was delicious, but was. It worth $12.00??? UM, NO!  Adding bacon costs $2.00. Ridiculous.

This place also advertises bananas foster. I was expecting some deep fried banana caramel goodness but...it tasted like deep fried cheesecake bites...in fact I know it was. Somebody has to fix that, either fix the menu or fix the product ordering.

It's open 24 hours but I assume if you go here at 3 AM you are drunk...and this is pretty pricey for "drunk food".  My life partner and I shelled out almost $32.00 for two hoagies, two drinks, fries and fried cheesecake AKA BANANA FOSTER bites.  We agreed if the hoagies were $7.99 instead of $9.99 (not including extras) the pricing would be spot on.
We used to come here a lot. I like their taco salad and their sandwiches. One day my girlfriend got brave and tried a Philly cheese steak. She doesn't typically like cheese steak sandwiches. Her mom also got a cheese steak, but I went for a BBQ pork sandwich. Later that night they both got up and went to different bathrooms and threw up. My girlfriend was up every hour throwing up. We can only assume it was food poisoning. It was the only thing they both had eaten that was the same. They were sick for three days with it. Never eating here again.
Not impressed by this place at all. I love a good Philly and especially from a hole in the wall kind of place. I was so disappointed by everything.  Not sure how they are still in business. But oh well...to each is own. Try it, but don't say I didn't warn you.
I have eaten at all the legendary Philly cheese steak shop in Philadelphia... pats. Genoa. Jimmy on south street ...Tony lukes.... so I know a thing or two about a good cheesesteak. First of all you have to have good bread and pops gets there bread flown in from Philadelphia Amoroso bakery in Philly is the best bread around that area.. pops uses the best bread in town. The meat on a scale of 1 to 10 is a 6.
.they don't use fresh rib eye meat. They give a generous portion. They could put more cheese on there steak sandwiches... All in all its a decent philly chesesteak.  The grill isn't to clean and I often worry about how long the meat is kept warm in that pan...they cook the meat in advance and it lays in a pan of hot water for who knows how long. The employees are friendly. One time they forgot to give me my receit and according to there sign that posted right by the window where u pay 4 your food if they don't give u your receit you get your food for free... What I told the person at the cast hurts if they forgot to give me my receipt at first he tried to give me the receipt but i said said no its too late so he had to give me a free sandwich he wasn't too happy.....
As a life long Philly resident and recent transplant to Vegas, I'm searching for a great cheesesteak. Pop's gets points for using Philly Amoroso's rolls and offering Cheez Whiz, but misses the mark with the meat.  The texture of the meat is totally off.  Paid about 8 dollars more than the same order in Philly.  Close, but doesn't quite make the mark.
we have been coming here for at least 12 years or more, and the cheesesteaks are always awesome. We come all the way from Henderson ( at least a 25 minute drive one way  just to eat here). Oooey, Gooey yummy ! very casual and simple eating area but we come for the food ! I think they are the best philly steaks in Vegas ! Give me that #2 with extra "Whiz" !!!!!! and the cheese fries, oh man, don't get me started... lol this is like my guilty pleasure! Of course ya cant eat here everyday, that would be like a heart attack waiting to happen, but once or twice a month is just right!!!! Love this place and sure wish they had a location in Henderson ! will keep coming back
I have been in Vegas for more than seven years and I just tried this place few weeks ago & Definielty knew what I missed out on. Best part about this spot is it's 24/7 & and there's no drive-through, you actually got a park your car and go up to the front and order from 13-15 different things off the menu. I tried the pops famous Philly cheesesteak with jalapeño, pepper jack cheese, grilled mushrooms & onions. The best Philly cheesesteak you could ever have in the Southwest. Very authentic, you can definitely taste the freshness. Prices are good. I think I spent around $12 after-tax buying a bottle water along with the cheesesteak. Must try place in Vegas. Definitely will fill you up.
I think I got fried okra and a regular philly cheesesteak. fried okra is always amazing to me, but the cheesesteak was dry and barely had flavor. plus, the cashier was actually pretty rude to us. the guy who made our food gave us free gelato-type-things because he thought our friend was cute so that was alright.
Came here on a recent trip to Las Vegas based on a recommendation. I thought it was a bit pricey especially since the fries are almost $4 for a small portion. 

The cheesteak was pretty good. but I don't have much to compare it to being that I am an LA native, and I have never been to Philly :( 

My bf did have to add a little salt to the steak meat, he said it needed more seasoning *shrugs*

Would I return to Pops when I visit Vegas again? Yes, I would. I want to try the green bean fries.
Well I went back there a few weeks ago and tried their breakfast Philly. It was awesome! 
I believe it is the cook who makes it wort overpaying for a philly. The cook- it was a young man who works am on the weekends mostly- that mead this experience worth its weight in gold.
Terrible customer service from the large man behind the counter! 

I drove in at around 9:30 to get one of the sandwiches, that they are currently promoting on a couple of large scale banners hanging out side of their establishment. I thought what a good deal for a sandwich only 6 bucks n i could get a nice breakfast snack, but all i ended up getting was an attitude from some guy who for some reason decided to fight with me. I went to inquire about said sanwich and was quickly cut off by him saying "we dont have no 6 dollar phillies, not ever." (Noting that the sign  specifically reads breakfast phillies, steak, bacon, or ham phillies.) To wit I replied, "no I'm talking about your sandwiches on the sign" at which point the Genius behind the counter puts his brain in high gear and repeats "We dont got any phillies for 6 bucks." its like no sh!t Sherlock! Thank you so much for explaining to me that you only have a slight grasp of this thing called communication, how enlightened I am now to the fact that you do not sell 6 buck phillies, and thank you ever so much for the attitude of treating me like I was a 5 year old instead of using commen sense and telling me about the sandwiches I was inquiring about. I left with nothing other then anger, fustration, and a bad taste in my mouth from your customer service skills. Perhaps look elsewheres for your morning meal or you may have to fight with him as well!
Pros- amoroso bread, size and franks soda.
Cons-  meat can be too salty, sometimes skimpy on the cheese and last visit out of black cherry soda.
There are only a few things that I absolutely crave & Pops is one of them. A #2 (philly with cheese wiz w/sweet peppers is my all-time go to! Everything you want when you think philly cheese steak.
Worst experience ever ordered a Ham and Cheese Hoagie and got a philly Steak. Took it back and in broken English the cook says No that's what you ordered and walked away. Will NEVER go there again. New Cooks, place sucks now. Spent 30.00 and they screwed up order and said that's what I ordered turned there back to me and walked away. I WAS the one who returned the incorrect order through the window, since the cook and cashiers attitude sucked and they just turned there back and said that what you ordered. Not my fault you don't understand English. Gonna post everywhere. Don't eat here unless you want to be treated like shit when they screw up your order.
I had the #34 chili cheese steak sandwich mmmmm most delicious wit sweet potato fries..I sure will b coming back when I stay out here in Vegas. .. going to try out the whole menu..lol
This place is a little pricey for my taste cause I like to go to cheap restaurants, but it is delicious. The first time I ate there I got a philly, sweet potato fries, a tasty cake, and a drink. I spent $20 just for myself. 
I've been inebriated almost every time I've been there, but definitely worth trying trying at least once.
I do love going to this place and the quality of ingredients are good and are from Philadelphia.  I was there one day when the UPS guy showed up with the boxes of rolls from Amaroso's Bakery in Philadelphia.  My complaints are no indoor seating, which is a problem during the miserable Las Vegas Summers.  From May to September, you basically have to get it to go.  And it's not as good unless it's hot and fresh.  The person taking the order doesn't always get it right. Double check your orders before you leave.  And it is very pricey.  You'll pay over $15 for a sandwich, fries, and a drink.  But I guess you pay extra for the Philly imported ingredients.  The taste is good though and it is the best cheesesteak I've had outside of Philly.  I do like the fact that they are 24/7/365!
I ordered a beef and cheese sandwich, which was forgettable. It was beefy, but flavorless. Considering that I have spent time in the East Coast, this in no way resembles hot sandwiches out there. I also found it to be on the expensive side. Their sides look interesting, but will sample them only if I'm in the area, which is right off the Meadows Mall and the 95.
One of the best places in Vegas to grab a bite to eat. They only place I go for a Philly Cheese steak in Vegas. Like the city itself this place is open 24/7. 

The last time I was here grabbed a Philly with pepper and onions, provolone and cheese wiz. The was so good it was worth the extra weight and the guilty feeling about not being true to the good ole diet. On the few occasions I have been lucky enough to eat here they do not disappoint. The only thing that puts this as a 4 instread of a 5 is the location. Though I have never had any issues here, I also don't feel it is the safest part of town. Since I am usally in and out of here I will risk it. Like I said nothing has ever happened(knock on wood). 

If you are craving great eats anytime of the day I would stop into POP's. The Philly Cheese Steaks are awesome.
This place has been around forever and rightfully so. Reasonably priced for a quick bite and way better than any fast food chain. Their Italian ices are amazeballs!
Cheese Steaks!  That's what they do ... place looks like a bar (but no liquor offered) ... very clean ... very nice ... GREAT Cheese Steaks ... with Cheese Wiz and the buns rock!!!
Well I think I've had my sodium and sugar intake for the week. Great cheese steaks need great bread. And Corleone's delivers. I mean on the bread. Nice, soft and fresh. I have no idea if they actually deliver. Sliced rib eye meat, grilled onions and the sauteed mushrooms I added all held together by THE WIZ baby...I'm all about the WIZ. And I rarely drink soda, but was given a humungous to go cup and I filled it half with Hi C orange fruit punch (when was the last time ya'll had HI C?) and half with Sprite. Damn good. Damn good. Finished it all off with some decent fries and watched Headline News. Place was clean. Service was great.
I'm all for Corleone's. Great cheese steaks in a nice atmosphere. I usually go with the original with provolone. I know, you're supposed to have Cheese Wiz, but I'm just not into processed cheese. The service is great and the people who work there are always friendly. Thumbs up to cheese steaks from Corleone's!
If your looking to fill your stomach, Corleone's is a favorite of mine.  While it's not the cheapest, it is worth it.  great for lunches or after a long night.  

The first time I heard The Wiz it sounded like Cheeze Wiz but I was assured that it was much better than canned pressurized cheese...I was no mislead.
Yo, Youse guys better hit up dis joint if you know whats best for you.

According to their t-shirts, New Times likes it.  What other proof do you need?  Okay, okay.  I give it my stamp of approval too.  Here we go.

Great Philly's... They call 'em cheesesteaks, I call 'em philly's... Who cares.  Watch out though, they'll dump a bunch of cheese whiz on your sandwhich if you don't ask for provolone.  Oh, also... if you want peppers on your philly, you have to ask for it.

Great service!  We even changed our order at the pick-up window and they had NO problem fixing it!  Fries were great with the supplied... wait for it... MALT VINEGAR! Yay!!!!!!  They have state of the art ice tea machines that make you feel like a rocket scientist when you use them.  The provolone is mixed in with the steak before they put it in your buns (ouch!) so it is nice and meltilicious...

The decor is godfather meets rocky balboa with a twist of 1920's depression. Yes, yes... it IS industrial decor like all the new chains, but it fits!!!!!

Thinking of going somewhere else for a philly? Fogettaboutit!
After giving up on Luke's many months ago, I've been looking for a place to get my beef on. I'm not sure why it took me so long to build up my courage to try this place, but I finally ventured in today for lunch. While not the best sandwich I've had, this definitely fills the need. Juicy flavorful sandwich with super soft fresh bread. 

The place is REALLY clean. They've only had 2 major health violations in the nearly 2 years they've been open. Most restaurants typically have 2-3 PER VISIT. 

I had the 6" cheese steak with provolone and grilled onions. I loved that the grilled onions were thinly diced and not the typically stringy style. There was the perfect amount of them, not a heaping distraction from the great steak. 

The fries were perfectly crispy (slightly overcooked, which I love) and hot. 

The diet coke tasted great as well. 

All this for under $10? Not too bad. I'll be back for sure!
Their sandwiches reminds me of cafeteria food in Junior high school.   Best used for a food fight.  Save your money and go to chipotles next door.
My friend really talked this place up so I was excited to try it, but we both walked out disappointed. I had the Chicken Italiano which is marinated chicken with provolone, spinach, and grilled onions.  This portion of the sandwhich was actually really good, but the bread was awful!  It seemed like it had been pulled out of a freezer. My friend was also disappointed in his cheesesteak, inside and out. The fries were quite tasty though :)  For $9 a sandwich, give me fresh bread!
Go for the fries!! 

Use their coupon for the cheese steak. Because it seems like the gansta thing to do. 

So, we were mailed a coupon for a 1/2 sandwich with fries and a drink for $5. Sounds like a smoking deal, but the best part wasn't the sandwich. It wasn't the worst thing ever, but it was meh and lacked something. My sandwich was just laying there like a bored hooker. I snarfed the fries down on my drive back to the office and they really are good. Perhaps, if I return, stuffing the fries in the sandwich would liven it up? Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps.
I'm surprised at the bad reviews. I have eaten at the Camelback location twice and the Mill location about five times. Every time it is great. The bread is so good! Soft, tasty, etc. The meat is so flavorful and juicy! Every time it is good! I always get the original. I have eaten at Forefathers once, and I prefer Corleone's! Much more flavorful! My Sister disagrees, but my Husband agrees. I recommend Corleone's! It is the best Philly I have had! 

Oh, I almost forgot, the service! The service is amazing at Camelback, free extra cheese, etc.  The manager there is so friendly! The service at Mill has been hit and miss.

I gave five stars because it is the best I have had, but I have never been to the city to have the real thing, so I can not compare.
Went for lunch with 2 colleagues and we all ordered different sandwiches. All of us ate every bite and commented that the food was really good. Plus, as we went for lunch, we were in and out in about 20 minutes. And the fries are really good!
My coworker/friend and I visit this little "gem" only once in a blue moon just because of the prices.  If we could go based solely on the food, we'd probably be there at least once a week.  The original philly cheese steak sub with cheese wiz is to die for, but man are they overpriced!!  You can't get out of there without spending over $20 on two people for lunch... for fast food, I consider that a little on the spendy side.
Gotta try the Philly Cheesesteak wit Wiz. Yup- Cheez Whiz, the orange stuff from a can. It's a bit salty for my taste but not bad. I came here for lunch and against my better judgment, I went with the 6 inch....

Go for the foot long! (That's what she said.) 

I also wished they gave me more fries with my meal, those are good. As I was leaving, there was an after 4 pm special so it may be worth trying after dark because unless you want to spend about $8 on a so-so Philly Cheesesteak sandwich, then go for it. 

Overall, I would go again but not excitedly.
Not enough flavor to overcome the immediate guilt upon eating one of those sandwiches.  If I'm going to eat something that is going to shave a few months off my life expectancy I want the experience to be memorable.  And it was salty....like "Dead Sea" salty.

Maybe it's because I'm such a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I find the cheesesteak to be among the most overrated of the street foods.
I ended up here on a recent Friday by accident.  My first stop for cheesesteaks is now closed (apparently for awhile) so I was kind of rudderless.  Drove around for a bit until I saw Corleone's, and since I was in a cheesesteak mood, headed on it (it also helped that a sporting event that I wanted to see was on at the time and I knew they had tv's).   I'd also been to the Corleone's in Scottsdale in the past, and had remembered liking it.

I ordered the large philly (whiz witout) and no fries (though from the past, the cheesefries are great) since as a general rule (which failed this time), it's usually best to save the stomach room for the cheesesteak, rather than add on the fries. The food came out in a suitable amount of time, and I didn't think I was deliberate in eating it...however towards the last 1/4 of the sandwich, the meat/cheese was already getting cold, it was kind of weird.  Anywho, I ate the whole thing (note:  $10 is probably a little pricey, I think they must know this, as I got two coupons from them while there, one for $2 off next time, one for BOGOF).  

Fast forward a few hours later, and I'm at my desk with food baby from stuffing myself.  Stupid me for eating so much was my initial thought.  Except that my tummy was unsettled for the next two days.  Now...I can't say for sure that it was Corleone's...but I'm pretty sure, so not too pleased about that.  I mean, if the sandwich had been good, it totally would have been worth it, but it was ok, and not a great value.  Not sure if I'll be back.  2.5 stars, only rounded up because my prior experiences in Scottsdale were better than here.
I like this place, it's got good food that tastes authentic....or well, at least what I would think authentic would taste like. Their Philly Cheesesteak sandwich is really good and their fries are also quite tasty.

So why, you might ask, am I only giving it 3 stars? A couple reasons:
 - Although it is a good sandwich, I think it is overpriced. If you want to get a sandwich combo, you're going to walk out paying 13 dollars.
- The staff isn't particularly nice..they're not mean, but I wouldn't say they are nice.
- And not that they did this on purpose, but I walked in and used a coupon once (which wasn't that great of a deal), ordered food, sat down, and saw a sign offering a special for that day that was WAY better than my coupon. I really wish the guy who rung me up (who might have been the owner) had mentioned it.

Conclusion: This place isn't bad and some people may feel it's 4-5 star good, I just don't feel it's worth the price.
As a fellow CheeseSteak Lover, I have to try it when I see it on the menu.

Not a fan here.  First, if you want me to come back, Why do you nickel and dime me as a customer?  That's just bad business.  $15 for my meal?  It's fast food!

Anyway, I'll sum it up...  No thanks.
I'm from philly and know what I'm looking for in a cheese steak.. Corleone's nails it every time...High quality ingredients (worth a little more) and great service..only problem is that they now have great pizza too so what am I supposed to do? Keep up the great work! See you for this weekends email special as usual
Hands down the best cheesesteak in town, period. Even the two east coast guys I went with said it was as close as they had gotten from home. That says a lot coming from these goodfellas I was out with for Lunch today...
Great tasting Philly Cheesesteak sandwichs
Great Cheese Steak? Hardly, try to sell this is Philly and you would have customers out the door in a heartbeat. First, a cheese-steak need to have substantial roll. This one sogged out, they should use the real thing which is available through Sysco. An Amoroso's roll can stand up to all the juice. Second, this wasn't prime rib-eye, I don't know what cut it was, but is was tasteless. So was the rubbery provolone cheese. And last, it wasn't CLEAN. 
Order the rolls on-line and get your butcher to slice you some rib-eye, homemade is better than anything I've gotten in Phoenix in years.
My fiance has been talking about this place for the last few months. He regularly frequents this place for lunch with his co-workers and has been waiting for the day that I got to try it too. Well, the day came when he brought a pizza from Corleone's home for dinner. Short story is that I LOVED the pizza so much that I demolished 3 whole slices - and their slices are not small. 

I have yet to try their sandwiches which seem to be their specialty but the fiance loves them and he was right about the pizza so I'm sure I'll be happy once I get my chance to taste test.
Disclaimer: the only other Philly cheesesteaks I've ever had were at sporting events, carnivals or airport/shopping mall stands.
That being said, I was invited to Corleone's and was told I had to try the Cheesesteak since I never had an authentic one. I was not disappointed.
I ordered it 'onions and whiz wit' despite the fact that I usually like really good cheese. I am a HUGE fan of what I ate. The steak is really good rib eye; not some cheap, fatty mystery piece of cow. That's why you're paying so much for the sandwich. There is a row of condiments that include oregano and red pepper flake shakers and peppers in vinegar. I added those to my sandwich too.
The bread is fluffy and tender; easy to bite through. The meat is choppeed just right; it's tender and juicy. The Cheez Wiz... well, it's just good stuff in this sandwich. I never thought I'd say that, but if you haven't had it wiz wit, you gotta try it that way. You won't be disappointed.

The whole sandwich is an enormous order, but because I splurge on foods like this so rarely, I get the whole thing when I do.
Like others said, I think the price is a little high, but man, I love these sandwiches.
Corleone's is good. My favorite is the Chicken Italiano, but sometimes the chicken is too dry. The Original is great too. I like mine with provolone instead of whiz. Both the steak and chicken are lean and sliced thin. The staff is nice and helpful, but the prices are outrageous. Your receipt does usually have a coupon for $2 off your next order, but still...$9 for a half sandwich, fries & drink is a little much. The fries, though! Oh the fries...they are yummy!
I was not the one who ate here, i opted to go to Jimmy Johns next door, and according to my brother who did eat here, was the right choice. There were two orders in front of him which were already placed and it took them 10 minutes to then take his order of a Philly Cheese Steak, Onion Rings and a drink. By this time i had gone to Jimmy Johns, got my order, and walked over to CVS to pick something up, and walked back to Corleones to get my brother. We waited a few minutes and then his order finally came. I asked what his total was, almost $16!! They charged extra for Onions and Mushrooms (or peppers, can't remember) $1.49 each! These come standard on Philly cheese steaks and we know this because we lived in Philadelphia for 4 years with many real cheese steaks had that were WAY better and 2/3 the price!! My brother said it tasted good, but not for that price and he would have rather gone to Duck & Decanter, Wineburger (both down the road) or even Postinos just for some Bruschetta. If i were him i would rather just go up the road to the Rokerji's reverse Happy hour starting at 9 and get a glass of wine ($5), and their tip steak + Brei bruschetta bites ($5).
My husband really likes this place, he likes the #1.  I think the fries are good.  I have had a pizza silce, it was ok.  I also found the service slow and unfriendly.
Love the food, love the service.  I take co-workers there all the time.  Hate the parking at lunch time.
"OK-OK-OK!" 
If you are on a diet most definitely this is not the place for you! 
If over paying for a Philly Cheese steak, they call it "a large," I was wanting more when I finished my Sandwich, again not the place for you!!! 

However if you want to walk into an authentic Mafioso looking deli-restaurant with a sandwich, an epicurean delight, that will give you multiple foodgasms than "Yo, how you doin'!" 

All I'll say is that the smooth taste and texture of the Philly Cheese steak sandwich was incredibly flavorful, and beyond delicious! Enough to have your eyes roll back in your head and possibly shout "this is so f¢ing good!!" 

When you walk in this joint there is a large profile picture of Don Corleone, Marlon Brando, with the words; 
"Make 'Em A Sandwich They Can't Refuse!" 
Now that's a Slogan! 

They even have a real Pickle Bar with banana peppers, hot peppers, and homemade salt pickles. I loved it!!! 

"Bing, Bang, Boom!" I scarfed mine down and I wanted more.
I was craving a cheese steak and went to this place yesterday. One cheese steak was almost 10 bucks and I didn't get fries or anything with it (maybe that was extra) the meat in the sandwich tastes just like that frozen steakum crap you get at the grocery store and it was dripping with grease. Yuck! One of the guys behind the counter was kind of an ass too. I will never eat there again!
make sure you ask the guys at the counter for the $4.99 combo deal which includes a six-inch cheesesteak, yummy fries and drink. this deal is normally close to $10 so the coupon makes it a bargain.

their after 4pm $9 cheese pizza deal isn't bad either.

make sure you use the $4.99 for a dozen wing deal coupon too!
This place is okay. The food is nothing to write home about, especially if you're looking for a really Philly cheesesteak or some NY style pizza. There are better places to grub less than 100 feet away.  However, if you're craving what they're selling it's edible and at a decent price.
Great cheesesteaks sandwich. I always love a cheesesteak but I hate getting fatty meat so I'm picky about where I get them, not one bit of fat in my sandwich here. Oh yeah,  I love the wiz on my philly. My girlfriend got two slices of pizza and loved it.  After 4 pm the have a large cheese pizza for 8.99. We got one a few days later and we got it well done and it was delicious. The staff is nice a friendly and pointed me in the right direction after asking a few ?'s. They deliver but of course Im a about a mile out of range but I thought I would mention it. Ill be back.
Recently, for winning a sales contest among teams, my team decided to order Corleone's for lunch. With $175 to spend on food to feed 17 people, the feast was on. In the end, I think we ended up with 10 pizzas and upwards of 120 wings of various flavors. 

As we ate at work, I can only comment on the food and my review will reflect as such. First off, the pizza. Most of what we ordered was of the one-topping variety, but there was a Hawaiian mixed in there, as well as a pepperoni and jalapeno. For a New York style pizza, I thought it was good, but not great. The crust left something to be desired, as did the amount of toppings, but the overall flavor was pretty good. I would have liked to see a little less grease, but I suppose that is to be expected. 

The wings we ordered were regular, hot, bbq, and hot bbq. Out of these four, the hot bbq stood out the most to me. They had a nice balance between spicy and sweet without being overpowering. The chicken was nice and tender and overall I came away impressed with the wings.

Would I go back? Definitely. Maybe not so much for the pizza but the wings and sandwiches, though.
Good cheese pizza and the cops that go there as customers adds an extra feeling of safety.
I don't even normally LIKE philly cheese steaks- but the sandwiches here are AMAZING! They put cheez whiz on them. WHAT?! I know, sounds completely revolting, right? Turns out it isn't. I though cheez whiz was E-Z Cheez. Nope, it is something completely different. Combine that with the grilled onions, and perfectly grilled steak chunks? Hello taste bud meltdown experience.  

And the Cheez Whiz fries with grilled onions? HOLY Mother of God are those GOOOOOD! I don't even want to take a guess on what the caloric intake is on either- but if you don't care, or only want to eat once that week anyway- take a trip to Corleone's. You won't regret it. (Well, you may if you don't wear your stretchy pants when you go)
I have been going to Corleone's for a few months now because I wanted to try several things on the menu before I judge the place. Being a fan of Philly Steaks I thought this place would be good by the classic look of the place. 

I got the tuesday night special where if you get 1 large sub for 10 bucks (without a drink of fries) you get a small one for free. It was interesting because I saw a lot of people order a large sub, and they weren't notified of the daily special. So I ordered the regular philly steak with a small hoagie.  He asked me if I wanted mushrooms or peppers on my philly steak, and i said yes, and I didint know that was an extra charge. 


The Philly Steak was mediocre at best. They use low quality meat, and overcook it. The bread could be a lot better.  The guy suggested I put oil and vinger on the small hoagie I got, and I know why because it sucked! Covering it with tons of oil and vinegar is not gonna do the job if it's bad to begin with.

The only thing good here is the pizza and the fries. Stay away from everything else as it's also overpriced! $13 bucks for a philly steak combo? are you kidding me? Tell people about your specials, and stop penny pinching people for extra money. Tell me if peppers and mushrooms will be an extra charge. 


In my opinion if you are gonna eat this bad for this price it might as well be good!
I'm a Philly girl who is always on the hunt for a great cheese steak!  You'd be surprised how hard it is to find a great sandwich, I mean is there really some great secret in Philly??  I do have to first say that Corleone's is pretty pricey for just a sandwich and a drink if there are no specials.  However, they definitely have the best cheesesteak in Phoenix.  My search still continues but Corleone's is number one in my book so far.
I was told the Philly Cheese Stake Sandwich was the best in town by a person from New Jersey.  Maybe they are what Jersey people are used to, but they don't even come close to the same sandwich at Uncle Sam's.  I couldn't even find the grilled onions and the cheese whiz, just the sadly bland meat.  The fries were good.

The setting is noisy and has the feel of a college campus eatery.
I used to eat at Charley's for the Philly steaks until I tried Corleone's I fell in love with it. Until recently I requested mushrooms on my sub so upon eating the Philly I noticed they used CANNED mushrooms!!!!! Thats a disgrace to the original Philly!!!

 So I stopped going to Corleone's and went back to Charley's since they use fresh ingredients. Corleone's cost a lot more than Charley's however I'm not willing to pay more for canned ingredients, No Thanks!!!!
I like this place better than Uncle Sam's (heresy).

The biggest complaint here on Yelp is that it is a bit pricey, and it is compared to (say) Charlie's.  But the quality of the meat is very good.  Thin sliced rib eye, no gristle or fat, tasty.

And Uncle Sam's is about a buck and a half more expensive.  That evens out if you order mushrooms, which Sam's includes but for which Corleone's charges extra.

And I like the condiment bar.  A little garlic powder, some banana peppers, perhaps some oregano and/or parmason cheese.  Season to suit.

The price gets helped out with specials and coupons.  Your cash register receipt is usually good for $2 off your next visit.  They have specials for a six inch sandwich, fries and a drink for $5 (would be closer to $10 without the special). {Edit: that might no longer be true.]

I've not tried the pizza.  I'm not a big fan of NY style pizza, even though I lived in Manhattan.  Other's have given it thumbs up, though.

Something's broken in the stars ratings here.  I tried to give Corleone's four stars, but was only allowed two.
Would like to have rated the restaurant better, but unfortunately I cannot eat there as I am 5.2 miles away from Corleone's and there delivery radius is 5 miles. Nope, not kidding, called in for delivery, was asked for my address after a 2 minute wait, was put back on hold and the woman came back on the phone to tell me, "i am sorry, we dont deliver to your area". My response was, "uh, we are 10 minutes down the road, what is your delivery area?" Her answer "the delivery area is 5 miles, you are outside of it."

TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, COMICAL REALLY.
Ex-East-Coaster that I am, I am always looking for a good traditional pizza and a Philly Cheesesteak. 5 stars for the pizza here - just like I used to have growing up. 3 stars for the cheesesteaks -- good but not great, and a bit overpriced. I prefer Uncle Sam's, just up the 51 a bit, but I suppose that's just personal preference. Service is solid; last time I came in for take-out they burned my pizza, so they made me a new one for free. That's how you treat customers.
I have been to Corleone's a few times and this is the first time I have had cheese wiz on a cheese steak. (I'm a native Arizonian, what can I say?).

It was awesome and I really like how thinly the beef is shaved. 

Lets discuss Cheeze Whiz Fries for a moment. They are amazing, however EAT THEM QUICKLY. If Cheeze whiz is left to sit it congeals and Im not a huge fan. However if you do eat it quickly while its still all melty its one of the best things you can put in your mouth. :) Your taste buds will thank you! (Thank you Ocean Spray Commercial)


Its slightly overpriced for my liking, but when you are in the mood to treat yourself and are in the area it can be a fun place to go grab a bite, and certainly something you should try if you have not had the opportunity.
Pizzas are good. And it ends there.  Service with a smile is an unheard of concept... I get the east coast "attitude" thing but i think here its more of "when is it closing time" for these employees.  I was charged for xtra toppings on my cheesesteak and when i got the sandwich... No toppings!  Then it was an argument with the cook so i had to bring my philly up to the line to SHOW him there were no toppings!  Overpriced... Bad customer service... But free delivery... U decide.
This is the best buffalo chicken sandwich that I've ever had.  The fries are remarkable.  This was my favorite place to eat while I lived in Phoenix, by far, and what I miss most about the whole state.  It's pathetic, I know.

The restaurant has pretty awesome ambience for a sports fan, big wooden tables and lots of screens playing ESPN or whatever big game is on.  I've come here for a couple games and stayed with friends to watch half a game.

The cheesesteak is fine (though I'd never choose it over the buffalo chicken).  I've tried "da Roc and Manuch", but it's just a bland marinara chicken sub.  The Godfather sounded promising, and normally I love italian-meat sandwiches, but it's just too heavy and the bread doesn't really work with this kind of sandwich.

Being my favorite place, I'm bummed to see so many poor reviews.  But they are mostly legit complaints.  The service can be pretty terrible, and it seems they only hire jerks to work the line.  The meals are expensive--it's like $12 for a meal with fries and drink.  But if you get the coupons and their occasional emails, it drops down to $5 for the same thing.  The delivery also does take a while, but whenever I'd have it delivered to work, I'd just make sure to order it an hour ahead and they're usually there when they say they'll make it.

Overall, it's a pricy place but you get what you pay for.  It's an original and unique place, definitely worth eating in at.
The sandwiches are good as is the pizza...although a bit overpriced considering the quality.
I absolutely love this place!  By far the best cheesesteaks outside of Philly...hands down!  The rolls are perfectly soft, the whiz is the authentic best and the meat is just right.  Super friendly staff, clean restaurant...and good pickles too!
Awesome cheese steaks and friendly service, what more could you ask for??
Midweek...don't wanna cook...don't wanna drive...who delivers?? CORLEONE'S!! The delivery person was a sweetheart which is the equivalent of having a pleasant waiter/waitress to start your meal experience. It sets the mood and expectations and well...it was yummy! 

If you order the cheese fries, make sure you eat those first since cheez wiz has a limited time frame for being fresh and hot. Once it chills, you end up with...well...goop. I love their cheesesteak sandwiches, this time the fries were a little overdone but still not too bad. 

For a $20 we ordered a couple of cheesesteak sandwiches and split a cheese fry, just enough food and it doesn't break the bank. Not bad for delivery!
After trying several cheese steaks in the area we found no need to continue our search the perfect, authentic "wit whiz" sandwich. By far the best this side of the continent
Delish buffalo chicken sandwich, the little joey's cheesesteak with cheese wis was amazing too. Will definitely try them again!
I haven't been to Corleone's in almost a year, but I was thinking about sandwiches and remembered how much I liked Corleone's, so this review is a bit overdue. 

First time I went I remember thinking "Cheez Whiz on a sandwich?" but I was told to try it before I complained and I did. I used that same spiel on my mom when I took her and she frowned at Cheez Whiz being on her sandwich. Needless to say, we were both wrong. The Philly Cheese Steak at Corleone's is amazing. They also have really good fries and that's pretty much the only two things I've ever eaten there in spite of having been there probably a dozen times. Even if you're apprehensive, go and give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
I love the Philly sandwiches!! The fries with cheese whiz are amazing too!!
YES.  

This is exactly what I was hoping for.  Just cheesy enough, just beefy enough, just greasy enough, just awesome enough.  (got the cheesesteak if it wasn't obvious)

Not mind-blowing, but that's kind of the goal, right?  Bread, wiz, steak and onions.  Exactly what the doctor ordered.  

Would definitely eat here again.
I like using this place for their slice of steak and maybe a drink for about $3.60 as either a decent lunch or  to take it home and have it with a salad for dinner. It's a cheap and quick meal and tastes really good. The fries are pretty above average too. The people who take your order behind the counter are pretty gruff, but they consistently deliver a good product and have seen them be accommodating to other customers by wiping down tables for them and apologize they were less than clean so that really impressed me.
They know one thing perfectly - the cheese steak. The meat, the cheese, the bread - all perfect. No odd variations. I hope they never change a thing.
Corleone's have great Philly Cheese Steaks but they will run you about $6.50 and if you add fries and a drink that will run you another $2.50 and it with tax you are talking about $10 for one person to have lunch.  They do have a great lunch special at this location two slices of Philadelphia pizza and a drink for $4.99.  I have yet to try that but from what I seen the slices are huge and are good ( per a co-worker of mine ).
I used to be a big fan but the quality seems to have dropped off a bit.
Almost like being in Philly.
had pizza and cheese fries here...so good!  Don't forget the cheese fries!!!  yum yum yum
Torn on this one because usually it is much better. However, this last time left me less than thrilled.

Came towards the end of lunch, the place was packed. There were a lot of campers, so really not a place to sit, and there isn't much room to start. Perhaps they had some sort of A/C issue because they had some huge...like HUGE fan/external cooling unit thing sitting in front of the bathroom hallway.

There were 4 people in front of us and it took about 20 minutes to get our food, not so good if you are in a hurry...and we were.  We ordered two cheesesteaks and an order of fries to share... fries were $2+ and barely got a handful, felt pretty ripped off frankly. Even more so after the wait when I took a bite to find out the fries were lukewarm at best. sigh.


I am hoping this was an off day and not a sign of change.  The food is delicious and the fries are (usually) worth craving... 

I'll be back, hopefully I will have a more positive experience next time.   And hopefully they open one in the SW Valley sometime, that would be cool ya know!
Great Pizza and Philly Cheese steaks. I'm a big fan.
Will NEVER be back.  Apparently rudeness is acceptable service.  My friend went in to pick up our pizza, watched the pizza jockey pull and stretch a pie trying to get it of the board and into the oven.  When the cashier was asked if that was our pizza, my friend was told "I'm not gonna tell you that" and refused to answer direct questions.  I guess they have enough business that they don't need my business now or in the future.
For a chicken cheese steak, a cold italian sub (hoagie), or a slice of great thin-crust pizza, this is my destination.  
They also usually have Tastykakes...from Philly....but don't tell, or they might run out!
If you like hamburger helper, order yourself a Philly steak with cheez whizz. Not only did my sandwich take an hour and a half to be delivered a fifth of a mile, it's contents were no better than re-heated, leftover hamburger helper mush. DINE-IN
Absolutely LOVE this place! Philly cheese steak is AMAZING & delivery is fast, good still hot! Eating as I type ;)
Ordered "the original" w/jalapeños - $10! Not even a combo. Only ate half. It was filling - but is the taste/quality worth the money? Nope. I'm assuming it has to do with location.
The look of the pizza was not appetizing. The cheese looked dry which is one of the reasons I didn't order it.
The inside was clean & organized so I appreciated that!
Good food but need to be able to use coupons you get from the email club through your phone. Went a couple weeks ago and love it and signed up for the email club! Got a coupon for a free small sub went back today and they said it had to be printed out... Expires today... Didn't say it anywhere on the email that I had to print out. Lame... People were friendly and the food is good but it guess I'll unsubscribe from the email list since you need a printer apparently to use any of the deals...who has printers anymore anyway? Lol
Long wait it took forever for them to come and take my order then it took forever for them to make the food they forgot the onions and no peppers this place isn't what it used to be :(
I'd like to give them no stars but I didn't have that option.  I ordered food for delivery once and they took an hour and a half.  They got lost and didn't bother calling me for directions even though I gave them my number specifically for that reason.  My food was cold and I didn't get my entire order.  They suck! Don't eat there.
Can't go wrong with their large $2 cheese slice. It was heavenly
Ordered an original with whiz. AMAZING. Every once in a while I stray from my paleo diet to indulge, and it REALLY hit the spot today. *BONUS My order was delivered in 20 minutes, the driver was very nice (and cute too).* I would recommend this spot for anyone craving a philly. Yay! You guys rock!
Corleone's on camelback always hits the spot. They goofed up on one order (delivery) and when I called to complain they said they would immediately fix it. Seems like it's well managed.
they have a heart clogging philly cheese steak  sandwich with wiz as they call it which taste damn good had the chicken philly as well not as good this place attracts alot of dudes also serve pizza and a varity of other sandwiches
I tried the pizza for the first time today. I had the $4.99 two cheese slice special with a drink. It's a decent value as the slices are quite large. However not much flavor to the sauce or the pizza in general. The crust despite being properly cooked with appropriate browning on the bottom just seemed to lack substance. It seemed to just disappear in my mouth rather than being chewable. It's a decent value for the money, the place was clean and the service was quick enough. I wouldn't go back for the pizza.
Service was awful. The food was ok.

I ordered their Italian hoagie which was probably my first mistake because they are known for their cheesesteak. 

I noticed I had been waiting for 15 minutes so I started looking to see where they were with my order. My sandwich was sitting in the back while some employee wandered around that was supposed to be making it talking about hitting on some girl and getting her name wrong. 

10 more minutes went by so I asked where my sandwich was at the counter and it had been ready to go but left it sitting back there. 

The guy who made it asked me if I wanted anything extra in apology but I just said no thanks and left. 

The sandwich kind of sucked. It was average at best and absolutely not worth the 30min wait
I come here quite often since it's close to work and not too expensive.

I love this place for a couple or reasons.  Consistency and a decent cheese steak.  I'm born and raised in AZ so I don't know what a "true" Philly cheese steak tastes like so for me this place is pretty darn good.  The bread is always nice and soft and the steak is great with the whiz and onions.  Their fries are always perfectly crispy and soft on the inside every time.  

They have pizza as well but I don't ever seem to be in a pizza mood when I go here so I've yet to try it.  I'm deducing a star on this because the chairs and tables are in some serious need of replacing and there is a lot of dust on the walls and upper ledges above the booth seating.  I've seen enough episodes of cooking shows to know this isn't acceptable.  

Great food though and I will continue to come back!
Call Corleone's only if you have two hours for delivery. The online order response told us 50 minutes. Horrible manager on duty. We called. Told us at 60 minutes the driver was in the car. Told us at 110 minutes that driver left 15 minutes ago. One of those has to be a lie, right?  Told us "Online says it's 50min but really it is 90min."  Food arrived 2hrs late. On dot. They never tried to update us or treat us honestly, just kept feeding us lines. Kept calling me "boss" which I wish were true. Driver was nice enough and hustled, said he wasn't even a driver but instead a cook. Don't know who to blame. But I know we won't be calling Corleone's again. Or going in person.
Having had authentic Philly cheese steaks, I can tell you this is spot on.  Best I've had anywhere outside of Philly.  My son says the pizza is awesome too but I haven't had that.  I love this place!  Only problem is that I have to go clear across town to get to it.  Wish they'd open another one closer to West side.
Excellent service. Cheesesteaks are delicious. Huge pizzas with taste to match. Reasonable prices for the amount of food you get. This place had not disappointed since the day I first found out about it.
Get chicken Philly with extra chicken, extra mayo and extra provolone cheese! Also try the meatball pizza, it's very good lol...
love these sandwiches. its a little pricey if you order 'normally' but there are all sorts of specials to help with that-get on their email list!. when you can bring that price down, what you get is one of the better sandwiches from a chain around. the pizza is ok, nothing mindblowing, but still better than the likes of Dominoes or Papa Johns. same deal as the sandwiches- if you order at the right time, you can get a lot of pie for your dollars (and if you are inebriated and/or have lots of hot sauce, you will like it just fine!)
I wasn't impressed. The meat on the Philly was flavorless they nickel and dime you for mushrooms, peppers and onions. The cook had a problem with his spatula when he wasn't cooking he was banging on the grill making music which was very annoying.
Slow service and 15-20 for mediocre philly cheese steaks.  Sandwiches and fries do not have a lot of flavor.  Also the televisions are blaring loud, if you have sensitive hearing beware.  Seating is limited.
Pizza is good, but not at all remarkable. Lunch specials are a good value, and Philly sports memorabilia is fun to peruse. United Mileage Plus dining participation is also a plus.  In the end, there are a plethora of pizza options in the area I like much better.
NEVER ORDER FROM THIS LOCATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

never order from this location i ordered at 11:15am and it took them almost 2.5 hours to deliver my food and the food was stone cold and the drink was completely watered down from stitting in the drivers car for so long i will never order from this place again teh service is miserable!
Wow, and wow!  We arrived too late for dinner, but ate off the bar menu which is available until 11pm.  The Kobe Burger and duck-fat fries were amazing, the atmosphere is great, and if you like long legs and short skirts then you found your heaven.

I need to check out some of the other Michael Mina restaurants if this is any indication.
This is hands down one of the best steakhouse I went to.   Good job Micheal.  Hopefully he brings this restaurant to San Francisco, as it blows away all the other steakhouses there.  I was not disappointed here.  

My friend and I started off our dinner, after watching "Love", with the Crab Cakes, Tomato Preserve, Tabasco Vinaigrette and the Lobster, Chilled, Black Truffle Vinaigrette,Baby Lettuces.  Both were excellent.  They even gave us the StripSteak Trio of Duck Fat Fries complementary. The sauces severed with the fries were a barbecue, truffle, and ketchup.  The truffle sauce was the best.  Our entrees were the American Kobe Rib Cap and American Kobe Fillet Mignon.  Both of the Kobe beef was cooked to perfection of medium rare and seasoned perfectly.  It was so soft, that you didn't need a knife to cut it, especially the rib cap...gotta love that marbled fat. We accompanied our steaks with the Sauteed Baby Brussel Sprouts, Bacon Lardon Steam Asparagus, Mascarpone Beurre Blanc.  The brussel sprouts were out of this world...again, cheers to fat, this time the bacon.

I was so stuffed, but I forged on to eat dessert. I had to live it up as it was my last night in Vegas.  We both shared the beignet with butterscotch pudding and the dough nut with banana fosters. Both desserts were OK, and here is where I think the improvement needs to be made.  The butterscotch pudding was not memorable, as it was not as sweet as I would have liked it to be.  

I would have given it 5 stars, but the dessert was a little let down. But the services was excellent.  Shout out to our server Kyle, another local boy from Hawaii, "you da best".  In all, a very enjoyable dinner.  Plus they gave me one of the menu's when I asked if they had a take home version. 

Come here for the American Kobe beef, and if you really want the authentic Kobe A5, that too.   mmmm...marbled beef.......drool.
This is definitely a change from 3940. The openness of the restaurant makes it very comfortable. The bar is beautiful with it's plexiglass or real glass lookalike....Sidecars with a cinnamon surprise. Duck fat FRIES! WOO HOO! I actually had...surprise surprise...Bone in RibEye...Mmmm Kobe is over rated. It's American Kobe anyway not the wagyu. had the asparagus. Very nice....and I think I had the fancy mashed potatoes. I didn't want to say puree. I didn't want any one to know I'm a fancy boy....eating the fancy foods....Over all. Michael Mina did a good Job. I was happy with the service and quality of food. The only thing I didn't like....kids...like teen agers....ewww they let them in places like that?
I have been in Las Vegas all week working NBA All-Star. Last night we had dinner at Michael Mina's new franchise Strip Steak. Bobby Flay was at the table next to ours with his crew. Raj as usual has put together a nice wine list though we all found it a bit strange that there are so many Austrian Rieslings' at a restaurant that revolves largely around meat and more meat. Maybe I am missing something... I found the food a bit mediocre particularly for the price ($36 for skirt steak or $50 for a filet. The Kobe beef started at $50 for American to $195 for Japanese, all ala carte.) The many sides of potatoes were nearly the consistency of a soup with some actually bleeding liquid when dished on to the plates. The mac n cheese though very tasty with the truffle oil was dry with absolutely no creaminess ever being apparent. The foie gras "sliders" though tasty and a very large portion of liver did not quite translate. The sweet potatoe mash was so dosed up on clove as to make it unedible.  For dessert we had the mini doughnuts with a trio of sauces. The sauces were tasty but unfortunately the doughnuts were over cooked and very dry. Service however was exceptional and friendly.

For wine we had a great bottle of 2004 Freeman Akiko's Cuvee.
The Akiko's Cuvee has always been my favorite Freeman wine besides the chardonnays and last night was no exception. We popped and poured and she was away to the races right away. Out of the gate this wine has a haunting nose of cherries, cranberry and black licorice with baking spice and a touch of shitake mushroom. The palate is incredibly silky with super fine tannins with. Everyone at the table called it soft. Sweet ripe fruits are in abundance but the fine tannins keep them in check. The oak in this bottle is much more integrated than the last bottle I had providing an immensely seamless pleasurable experience.
91+pts
$115 on the list there
Well, the ambiance is wonderful but we were fooled the other night with another expensive place which had great looking sauces but was just bland even after the waiter said the sauce had a spice to it, it was bland. So we tried Michael Mina's StripSteak. My dining guest said Mina's name like I should know it, I think he has a restaurant in San Francisco too.

First, the Rare Ahi, Nioise Garnish was just simple with simple seasoning that was perfect. I got the Prime Rib rare to check to see if they could do it right, because most place's rare prime rib is just not done slow enough and if not over done it is still just tough. I was very impress. And the Brussels sprouts we ordered was prepared all sliced up like cole slaw, we were both impressed. The lobster was cut in half long ways so it was no work at all to eat lobster. It was marked as market priced on the menu and we both bet to see who came close. I bet $50 and my friend said $60, it came to $74 but we both said it was seasoned well and was worth it, believe it  or not.

So, I'm going to have to find this other restaurant in San Francisco.
If you happen to be a top notch chef - It has become fashionable to open a steakhouse. What better place to do it than in Vegas. This place is uber cool!

The menu is not as diverse as I expected with only a few selection of cuts but overall the quality was excellent. Add cool music, a busy bar and a good looking crowd and voila - a great Vegas hangout.
Who should eat here:  Some one that wants a great steak, and price is no object.  Let me repeat: price is no object (this place is off the charts expensive, and yes I do know its Vegas, and Mina's name is on it)
 
1 Star - Lacking/Turn Off
2 Stars - Needs Work, But fixable
3 Stars - Adequate
4 Stars - Near perfect, rough edge here or there
5 Stars - Can't get much Better
 
Ambience/Atmosphere: 3.5 stars.  Big and open, with a very modern a sleek feel.  I found it a bit uncomfortable to be honest, but I guess not that bad for Vegas.  Has a cool bar, and the cocktails are very good.  
 
Service: 4 stars.  A tiny bit cold and service is a little bit snotty, but not to the point where it would bother you.  They know what they are doing and they are extremely professional.  They will not miss a beat at all, but I found overall they were very un-personable.  
 
Food: 4.5 stars.  Mina has done it again with the food.  First off they brought us three little cones filled with french fries, with three dipping sauces.  Not a big fan of fries, but these were pretty damn good, cooked to a crispy light brown, they had the most flavor I think I have ever experience in a french fry.  I had a American Kobe steak tartar to start.  They prepared it table side, mixing the small pieces of chopped steak with 9 ingredients and spices.  This app was off the charts.  Probably a little too rich if you plan on having a steak for you main, but if you are going to go for an alternative or are just getting apps, ORDER THIS DISH!  The meat in the tartar could have been some of the most delicious steak I have had in a long time.  It literally melted in my mouth.  For entree I opted for the pork loin.  This dish was crazy good and I will have to say exceeded my expectations in every way possible.  If you are not going to order a steak for your main, I would seriously consider this as an option.  It had a bitter orange type sauce that was sooo good, and was perfect with the flavors of the pork.  Given time constraints we passed on dessert, so no comment on the sweets.
 
Wine: 4 stars.  First off Strip has a 5 star wine list, I am knocking it a star because it has no value.  Expect well over a double in mark up, and in most cases more.  The staff is well skilled on the list, which was a plus for me too.  If price is no object I would focus on some of the Bordeaux on the list, they have all the trophies.  But be prepared to put a big dent in the wallet.
 
Overall:  Well this definitely is Mina in style.  He really knows how to create a food experience.  I have to say though, I would really struggle to recommend Strip to anyone, given that I don't think the experience really holds up to the prices.  I really have never had a problem paying a lot for dinner, but this was a little ridiculous.  Good luck, and happy dining.
I had the rib bye medium rare done and it was perfect, probably one of the best steak I had in years. Then I had  the mini duncan donuts for dessert served with some type of chocalate ice cream and caramel dips. I was full all night and it was worth every penny.  Definately make reservation  ahead of time especially if you have a big party.
Serious five-starness, to the point that my eyes are burned by the brightness of the five-stars.

The food here is slobberific, the service personable and AWESOME. Wine-pairing dead on. I pity the fool who doesn't utilize the knowledgeable staff, and all they have to recommend.

Unforgettable:  

1) Lobster fritters on a stick w/ creme fraiche (like fancypants corn dogs!)

2) Sublime skirt steak, the ultimate test of a steak place, this one was incredible in texture and flavor

3) Trio of duck fat fries, mmm animal fat=flavor

4) Trio of potato purees (lobster, corn, &  horseradish), a great creamy smear to dollop onto your steak while you eat it

After a delish dessert, and an aperitif, bfriend and I were warmly sent on our way with a little bag of fiddle-faddle. How cute it that?

MAD PROPS to my fellow yelpster Ms.Elizabeth B.  for insisting that I eat here.
Fabulous experience here!  The food was fantastic, from the crab louis lettuce cups to the 3 pots of different flavoured mash potato.  

But it's all about the BEEF at this place.  And it is fantastic.  The wife and I did an Angus/Kobe Filet taste test.  Take my advice, dont try the same test.  The Angus was about as good as any I had tried, but once you try the Kobe, it just isnt in the same league.  We went for the American Kobe which was 70 bucks for the Filet, as apposed to the Japanese A5 Kobe which was 180 bucks!  And it was succulent and juicy, and almost caused me to drool as I chewed.  Unfortunately my wife liked it as well, so she eat most of it!

Service was excellent.  Immaculate servers, and most of them quite attractive.... if tall attractive women in skimpy outfits is your bag.

I highly recommend this place if you are visiting the strip.  Mandalay Bay may be at the far end of the strip, but this place is worth the trip.
StripSteak is Michael Mina's fourth restaurant in Las Vegas, and his first steak house. Main courses are pretty much what you'd expect of a steak house: lots of steak, and some seafood. Beef lovers may choose between Angus beef, Wagyu beef (what most places call Kobe) and, if memory serves, true Kobe beef. There are some surprises in the side dishes. I failed to write any down except those I ended up ordering: duck fat fries; roasted marrow bones.

The feel is modern, with lots of glass and steel. An industrial ceiling is high above, below which is a checkerboard latticework of what looks like stainless steel. The floor is speckled black, white, and gray granite tile. In the bar area, the bar top is glass with a stainless steel edge at the back. Servers are dressed in black. Loud rock music is playing.

I opted for a ridiculously unhealthy meal: Angus filet mignon; duck fat fries; roasted marrow bones. The filet was firm, a little dry, but with a nice charcoal flavor. It was served with two small roasted peppers and a bulb of roasted garlic. The duck fat fries were very interesting: three small cups of french fries, with three flavors (BBQ; truffle; unknown) and three sauces (BBQ; mayonnaise; catsup). The fries were crisp, almost crunchy, and tasted great. Highly recommended. The roasted marrow bones were very good, with lots of rich marrow; very good with steak. This is something you either love or hate.

This isn't the best steak house in town, but it's an interesting addition - more for the side dishes than the steak. Prices are high but not outrageous for food that is good but not stellar. I might come back to see what other side dishes look interesting.
Five stars for Foie Gras Sliders!
Five stars for Trio of fries cooked in Duck fat! So Fucking Good!
Five stars for Kobe carpaccio!
Five stars for Wagyu Kobe filet!
Five stars for service!
Definetely best steakhouse in LV. Probably the best steakhouse I've ever been to.
A colleague and I were just in LV on biz and decided to walk around to see what dining Mandalay Bay had to offer. We were torn between the modern Asian restaurant and StripSteak - I'm glad we chose the latter.

Interior was modern, masculine and bold (just like a good man), and while busy at dinner time, it didn't feel crowded. The service was surprisingly good. Now, I'm gonna sound like a girl-hater, which I'm not...mostly...but our waitress was beautiful and booby, but instead of some Hooter's clone-bot, we were treated to some damned personable, knowledgeable service! She was attentive without being overbearing, and cheerfully shared her choice items from their menu.

Pricing knocked me a little off my grandpa rocker, especially since in scanning the wine list, I could only find two $40 bottles of wine, with the most expensive being $28K. Instead, we opted for cocktails, which were spot on!

Every table was brought a trio of duck fried french fries with dipping sauces. A perfect opener to a delightfully debaucherous dinner. Steak was prepared exactly as we requested. Also worthy of note: my co-worker is a meat snob (which doesn't mean she's NOT a slut, because on the contrary...) and she was, in rare form, impressed. Our sides - the onion rings and truffle mac 'n cheese - were also noteworthy, but, unfortunately, we could only have a few spoon fulls of the mac since it was rich and creamy (probably better to order when dining with a larger group).

Overall: a superb experience, but be prepared to shell out the dough.
No complaints about the food whatsoever.  All of us were more than happy with our meals.  Steaks and side dishes (creamed spinach, blue cheese scalloped potatoes) were great, as were the duck fat fries.  Only knocked down a star because you should never, ever have to listen to Carl Douglas' "Kung Fu Fighting" while eating in a steakhouse.  Otherwise, a great experience.
Ate here last night with friends, and I have to say that I was a little disappointed. I dont normally review places on the strip, or in Vegas casinos, since I live here. I usually leave those places up to the tourists. Although since my opinion of this restaurant differs from most of the other reviews here, I figured I'd share.
I had the Rare ahi appetizer, which was good, and probably the best part of the meal in my opinion, and then the dry aged porterhouse steak as my entree. The steak, unfortunately, was nothing to write home about. And for $51 I expected a pretty good steak. I was prepared well, but didnt seem to have any flavor to it. The dry aged steaks at Capitol grille, are SO much more flavorful. I also had the grilled foie gras with the steak, and it wasnt too bad. I guess for a steak house in Mandalay bay, I expected it to be alot better. 
The Service was very good, and the restaurant itself was very nice. I have eaten at every other restaurant in Mandalay Bay, and they have all been great, but I think Stripsteak fell a little short.
I visited StripSteak only because a friend was in love with their macaroni and cheese and wanted to see if she could get it carryout after we'd attended a concert at The Beach in Mandalay Bay.  While the hostesses at the podium at first seemed a little uncertain about whether we'd be able to order it, they directed us to the bar where the bartender was more than happy to place the order for us.  

The bartender was excellent- he was very friendly and asked us where we were from. I thought great, I'm from Vegas so he'll probably ignore us after we tell him.  But no- he was just as friendly, and after my friend left to play in the casino while Iwaited for our order, he brought me water with lemon (and refilled the glass) and continued to chat.  

I guess this is just a review of the bar and the bartender, but I must add that the restaurant was beautiful- shiny floors, and some of the tables were glowing from lights underneath them.  I want to come here now and experience the restaurant due to the good first impression I got.
My friend is a Michael Mina fan and a big red meat fan, therefore, we had to go to StripSteak. We got a reservation last minute and were seated right away on a Saturday night.

We had french fries fried in duck oil, served with three different sauces (the Michael Mina way).
Then a tasty salad and our steaks. My friend wanted to try the Japanese Kobe and I wanted the skirt steak. But he also wanted to try the American Kobe to compare, so I ended up getting that to indulge him since I didn't know when he would be able to do the comparison side-by-side again.

Our waiter explained the different cuts of meat to us and even brought out the raw rib-eyes before cooking to show us the difference between American and Japanese Kobe. I guess if you're paying hundreds of dollars for meat, they're going to make sure you know what you're buying.

I liked the way the restaurant was set up. The service wasn't as great as I had hoped besides the steak show. I had to signal for water a couple of times.

Overall dinner and dessert were good. I guess the dessert wasn't extraordinary or I would remember it. The thing I do remember is that the next morning, I had an upset stomach. :(
We happened to stumble across strip steak, and since we were all starving, it was an easy choice. 

Food: The irony is most of us didn't order the steak; we ordered the Kobe hamburgers, fish, mac and cheese, fries, and tomato salad. All were delicious. However, we were most pleasantly surprised with the mac and cheese - which was quite tasty. 

Ambiance: I really like the furniture - that was our first comment. Since we had a party of 6, we sat in one of the booths, which was quite comfortable. The most distracting (and entertaining) part of the evening, were women who cam dressed rather scanty.

Service: I did feel a bit uncomfortable with the staff, since we didn't order the high-priced items. But, nevertheless, they were cordial and consistent in refilling and bringing us drinks.

Cost: Definitely pricey - but worth it every now and again.
I ate an "American Kobe" skirt steak at the bar in between conference presentations and parties. Most excellent steak I've ever had, but I haven't had a lot of steak experience. I specifically chose this because I wanted to get a good and expensive steak in Vegas. I succeeded in my task here. The food was delicious; incredibly flavorful and quite tender. I also had a side of shallot potato cakes. The bartender, Chris, was very engaging and talkative. I was eating alone, which is always kind of boring and lonely, but Chris and I had some good conversations. Next time I'd go sit next to the window into the kitchen. It looked like fun.
FANTASTIC steak. 

Wow. 

I had a bone in ribeye that was so tender and juicy, I could cut it with a fork... and so flavorful. I ended the meal gnawing on the bone... I love steak and eat it just about every chance I get, and have been to many fine steakhouses.  This was one fantastic steak.  MMMMM. 

The amuse bouche (this is Michael Mina's restaurant, after all) was a trio of french fries, 1 with paprika, 1 with garlic, and 1 with sea salt, with 3 dips, bbq sauce, a homemade ketchup and a truffle aioli. MMMMMM. 

But... the best part? The habanero CREAM CORN. Oh man, I've never had corn this good, the spicy flavor blended just perfectly with the corn. We scraped that (little) bowl DRY.
Had to send the steak back 3 times- unacceptable-

medium rare should not be a difficult task for an establishment that considers itself a steak house-  

all the sides were great (all i got to eat since they never prepared the steak appropriately) especially the little fries

here is the steak experience
ask for medium rare
receive blood flowing raw
send back
receive charred on the outside no flowing blood but still clearly raw
send back
receive new steak- i tell the waiter to stay and watch, even before cutting i can tell that this steak (which is again charred on the outside) will again be raw
no steak for me this night

manager makes cursory attempt at apology, takes steak off, gee big thank you there considering i didn't eat it, nothing else was comped, i figure since my wife pretty much ate alone that they would have made up a little more-  dont think i ever paid over $200 for a meal i didnt get to eat before, and i dont intend on doing it again

eat any where else in the hotel and you are sure to enjoy yourself,  would be really hard for me to consider giving this place another shot with all the other options in Vegas
OFF THE HOOK!  Better than Morton's, Ruth Chris, etc...  Not only is the food great, the atmosphere, presentation, uniqueness of the menu, the french fries, service, etc..... 

GO THERE NOW!
From the marketing literature.....


Acclaimed Chef Michael Mina breaks new ground with the debut of STRIPSTEAK at Mandalay Bay, his first steakhouse. With its classic menu, inviting bar scene and sophisticated atmosphere, STRIPSTEAK plays host to guests looking for the perfect filet in a modern alternative to the traditional steakhouse setting. As with Mina's other restaurants, STRIPSTEAK uses only the highest quality ingredients - corn-fed, all-natural meat; line-caught seafood and fresh, seasonal produce. While first-rate components are essential, it is Mina's creative approach to cooking that has made his name.

STRIPSTEAK features a menu rife with imaginative interpretations of classic steakhouse favorites using state-of-the-art kitchen equipment. STRIPSTEAK offers three kinds of beef, Certified Angus Beef, American Kobe and 'A5' Japanese Kobe, and is home to two wood-burning grills and six circulating, slow-poaching chambers. The signature slow-poaching method enhances flavor and tenderness by heating the meat for several hours at a low temperature, while the mesquite-stoked grills infuse every cut with a subtle smokiness.
***

With that said, this place is devilishly good.  The modern decor coupled with a menu that will send your taste buds dancing earns this place the coveted 5th star.  While enjoying my meal, my friends, and the talent on display in walks....da da dum Andre Agassi.  Wow!

He was very lively, his presence filled the room.  He was engaging with the many guests requesting pics.  I was too befuddled to reach for my camera.  Don't ask me why something about being so close to a multiple Grand Slam Champion.  Turns out he is a part owner in this latest iteration of Michael Minna's restaurants.  Go, enjoy and keep your eyes peeled you never know who you might catch a glimpse of.
Stripsteak sucked. My steak was overcooked, the trio of pureed potatoes or whatever they call it was a joke, and the trio of "duck fat" fries must have been fried in 5% duck fat or something, because they tasted like something Burger King would serve (except for the white truffle ones, but how can you screw that up, really?).

The three pureed potatoes dishes were lobster, which, while I love big chunks of lobster, tasted like an experiment on how to get starchy potatoes and a bag of white flour into a pasty goo reminiscent of gruel which clung so steadfastly to the lobster chunks that it didn't offer the opportunity to salvage them from the muck, the sour cream and chive version, almost as gooey and I guess was worth one taste, and the third, horseradish, I guess was supposed to be some kind of traditional take on wasabi mashed potatoes you would have seen on every menu five years ago.

Service wasn't anything to brag about either. This is another one of those places where they really need to train their waitstaff a little better. For this kind of money and they large crowd it draws, they should be watching for your fork and knife to come together on the plate in the interest of turning the table over. We waited a long time for our check, and I think they only took notice when I got up to use the restroom.
StripSteak - it seems to cater to the Young, Hip Crowd, however, all are welcome!  Loved it!!! My steak was sooooooo good, sooo yummy... & the Cabernet I had - definitely complimented my Filet.  Hands down, great, great steak!  It is in the Mandalay Bay & I do have to say if you're sitting by the door - it can be a little noisy... oooohhhhh, but I must mention the Burrata Cheese... to die for!!!
I came to Stripsteak with my husband.  I was extremely disappointed as was my husband.  The meal started out promising enough with the yummy duck fat fries trio and the tuna tartare poppers trio.  Then the spinach souffle came out which turned out to be more cake than vegetable.  The waitress had recommended this after my husband said that we wanted a vegetable.  Cake cooked with vegetable doesn't exactly count in my book.  I ordered a the Kobe skirt steak which was too salty and too raw on one end and overdone on the other.  The salty seasoning upset my stomach.  My husband ordered the prime rib which was decent enough but nothing really special.  We did enjoy the creme fraiche horseradish though.  As my stomach was acting up, I didn't order dessert just some mint tea to settle the tummy.

The worst thing was the foccacia bread.  It tasted doughy and wet like it was undercooked.  We sent it back telling them that and they brought out a new basket that tasted slightly better but not much.  I thought it was strange that it tasted so bad.  Not sure what was going on there.   

Maybe it was an off night but the food was really disappointing.  The service was good but I think there is such a thing as checking in too often with your customers.  Eh...I don't think I'd go back unless something changes.
I was here during the Las Vegas Marathon with my girlfriend and some friends.  This was, hands down, the best steak house experience I've ever had.

The atmosphere of this restaurant is completely different than what I'm used to.  It caters towards a younger and trendier crowd (it is Las Vegas after all), which is something not often seen in Chicago.  With that being said, the quality of the food did not suffer one bit.

I forget what everyone else had that day, but I ordered the 18 oz bone-in ribeye, cooked to perfection at medium rare.

And surprisingly, the part of the meal that stood out the most was the truffled mac and cheese.

I know what your thinking, how good could mac and cheese possibly be?  That's what I was thinking too.  I was actually leaning towards something more expensive as my side dish, but the waiter kept insisting I get the (cheaper) mac and cheese.  Wise choice.

Kudos all around to the chefs and the outstanding service.  I will definitely make this a regular stop every time I come to Las Vegas.
Wanted to state for the record that I would have not chosen this restaurant of my own volition, we were invited to go by co-workers.  Thus, we ended up in Strip Steak sitting right by all of the action, watching the guys work their magic on the grill.

The selection of meats is impressive!  I however, was on red-meat overload, so I opted for their "fried" chicken.  Since it was just me, 1 person ordering, they had to (for some reason) cut the chicken in half and grill it.  Which I was perfectly happy with-- it was delicious!  Perfectly seasoned and the skin was crispy.  Served over a bed of their now infamous truffled mac-n-cheese.  I seriously could've just eaten the mac-n-cheese and been happy.  It was amazing!

I gave SS 4 stars b/c it's really just a one trick pony with nothing that makes it stand out from other steak joints for me to recommend it as a "must try" restaurant.  But, if you find yourself here, you will not be disappointed!
MMM...Strip Steak. Oh how I wish you were in Los Angeles.

This place would have received a 5 but the night started off rocky. 

First it was the bitchy hostess. Seriously honey, you aren't that pretty and that tat on your tit just makes you look cheap. I understand that it was a little bit late but you're a hostess, isn't it your job to at least be pleasant when greeting guests?

Even though the service started out crappy, the food made up for it. First it was the free duck fries. I know what you're thinking. You're probably thinking ew.. duck fries. It's not really duck, just regular ol' french fries with a new name. The condiments it came with however, nothing close to regular. I remember it was 3 types of condiments, forgot the flavors but remember it being delicious. I think I ended up fighting with my date on who could have the last duck fry. 

The steak..MMMM...mouth watering. *Insert picture of Homer Simpson drooling* I had a petite filet and loved it. My date on the other hand, had Kobe steak. I had a piece of his steak and had entree envy right away. His Kobe beef was exactly how Kobe beef should taste like, tender and full of flavor.

You would think after pigging out on fries and steak, that we would be done right? WRONG. We decide to order blueberry fritters for dessert. My God were they delicious. Even though I was dying from over eating I couldn't help wanting more. 

We won't discuss the bill. I just know it was expensive. =X

I would definitely recommend this place, just ignore the dumb hostess and you'll be fine.
One of the best meals of my life! This review is going to be long, for those that are interested in details... move along if you aren't. 

We were seated in the lounge. Maybe because we looked young? Maybe because we were only semi-dressed up? Who knows, but the lounge was great... service was awesome, chairs were comfy, and the guys will love the outfits the waitresses wear in this section. 

Complimentary duck fat fries... to be honest, this wasn't that good! I've had duck fat fries in Chicago and wow, these don't even compare to those. However, they were free, so I'm not complaining. 

Kobe tartare... soo.. soo.. good! Very incredible presentation. Comes out on a plate with tons of ingredients around it (mustard, salt, etc) and they mix it into a ceviche looking/dip type stuff tableside and put it in a martini glass over ice..you spread it on hot grilled pita bread. So freaking amazing. 

For our main course, we got 1 american kobe filet ($72), and the foie gras sliders! Both were so incredible. Steak was the best steak of my life.. hands down, can't compare any other steak to it. Perfectly marbled fat, but still lean.. not an ounce of chewiness. Foie gras sliders were little bites of heaven. I love foie gras, but usually find it way too rich, BUT placed on a bun with a sort of pear mixture, it was flawless. The flavors just worked perfectly. Best presentation of foie gras I've eaten, ever, anywhere. 

Dessert was the beignets and creme brulee plate. I consider the beignets in NOLA much much better, but my bf disagreed. These were more dense than the ones I'm used to. 

Overall, can't recommend this place more. Dinner for 2 with 2 cocktails was $200 with tip, however we did split the foie gras sliders and a steak rather than getting 2 steaks. Definitely worth the splurge every once in awhile.
STRIPsteak is the best steakhouse I've been to in a long time and a complete opposite to the Morton's type steakhouses. We had various lobster, king crab and other seafood apps (all good) and I had the American Kobe cooked rare. A great "value" given that it's only $18 over the $54 regular filet. My only regret is not getting the Japanese Kobe! One thing that I didn't think was so special (but not enough to take away a star) was when we were served duck fries "compliments of the chef". Listen, they're just fucking fries, ok?
I am giving StripSteak 3 stars because my meal was not great. But everything my dining companions ordered was spot on. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak. I should have known that something that is so close to perfection in Chew the Fat diner was going to be horrible in StripSteak. There are somethings you just can't class up.  It didn't help that I ordered my steak medium rare, but it came out still mooing. Also, my potatoes were cold. 

Our Shabu Shabu app was delicous. The Kobe melted in my mouth. The  complimentary Duck Fat Fries are straight addicting. Especially the White Truffle fries.   Our service was excellent, and we never wanted for anything.  Wine list is fantastic, but very pricey. I went with a Pear-Lychee Martini, which my friend commented tasted like his hair product. 

We had wanted to have a glass of wine at Aureole before dinner, but the hostess said if we waited an hour they would be unable to seat us due the the RUSH concert ending. Somehow, I could not fathom hordes of mullet haired Rush fans descending on StripSteak. They never came. But later that evening, as I was happily  losing money in the casino they arrived in droves. So much bad hair and denim jackets
in one place , reminded me of 1989.
I'm not sure why this review is so damn hard to write. I have pictures of everything I had, but I can't seem to remember what was in any of the dishes.

As usual, dishes are rated 1 - 10, 10 being amazing.

$? Orange Cocktail (8)
This is a great nightcap before a club. I don't remember what was in it, but I remember smiling. So, I would order it again.  

$? Cucumber Martini (6)
I thought it was a well prepared martini, but I'm not sure cucumbers belong in a martini. A little too savory for me.

$23 Foie Gras Sliders, Peach Chutney, Basil (8)
If you like foie gras, these are a great alternative to typical sliders. Very well executed and the dipping sauce, whatever that was, was so rich. My only complaint would be that the foie gras should be a little bigger for the size of the bun. 

$12 Trio of Duck Fat Fries (8)
Up there with some of the best fries I've had. They were think, crisp on the outside, and made with real fries. Only DB Bistro's were better. The middle sauce was the best and the other two were just average.

We ate at the bar and it's a great place for a quick bite and a couple drinks.
It's considered expensive for the average joe, but it's so worth it. Expect to spend an average of $125 per person...that is, if you don't order the A5 Kobe Beef steaks from Japan which starts at $170 for 6oz.

You gotta love a place that serves a complimentary trio of thin cut fries fried in duck fat accompanied with 3 different ketch ups. they'll also give you bread too, but I didn't touch it because I was so absorbed with the fries. 



Here's a few quick summary of our dining highlights:
- The service was exceptional. They were friendly, timely and got everything right.
- the Pear Martini. What made this a memorable drink for me was the lychee puree, which seemed to elevate the pear flavor in a way.
-Manhattan Lobster chowder- huge hunks of lobster.
-Roasted Marrow Bones- extremely buttery. It needed toast points to spread it and current marmalade to offset the fatty flavor.
-Truffled Mac & Cheese- this was my husband and daughter's favorite. It was good, but I wasn't feeling the big chunks of broccoli in it.
-Masami Farms American Kobe "Eye" of rib eye and fillet Mignon- were tender and cooked to perfection. steaks were garnished with a large roasted and steamed orange peppers added a sweet and slightly crunchiness to the steaks when eaten together.
- Spiced Carrot Cake- don't expect a neatly sliced triangle or square cake topped with cream cheese. This dessert is very "new age-ie" where the cream cheese is smeared on the dish, the cake is crumbled like a decimated city and it's dolloped with a scoop of carrot sorbet and vanilla ice cream.  It was actually really good.
- Dunkin Mini Donuts with jasmine chocolate and salty caramel sauce. I loved the salty caramel sauce the best. the jasmine chocolate was very subtle. 
- Dark chocolate caramel corn- they gave us two bags. It was so rich and so good. 

I love this place. It's become my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
When my friends told me we were going to a place called Strip Steak, I was assuming we'd be eating steak and watching strippers. What's wrong with that combination? Steak... good! Strippers... good! In a fantasy world, such a place would exist. Unfortunately, that was not the case. At least they had great steak and that more than made up for the lack of strippers.  Turns out the strip in Strip Steak was because the restaurant was located in the Mandalay Bay hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. Ooooh. I get it.
What makes Strip Steak special is not strippers but how they cook their steaks. From what I understood from the waitress, they braise their steaks to the proper doneness and then finish them over an open flame for color. A boiled steak? Don't knock it till you try it. Seriously the third best steak I've ever had. The number one spot goes to a Kobe Steak I had in Tokyo.

The only thing Strip Steak could improve on is if they offered more dry aged cuts of steak. At the time of this post, they only offered their Rib Eye dry aged. Our group ordered our steaks in a variety of doneness. One in our group got them to cook a steak the rarest the restaurant has ever cooked it. They've only done it one other time since they opened. Talk about an accomplishment, to be the second person to have a steak this rare. They are on the strip after all. Instead of par boiling the steak, they pulled it straight out of the fridge, quickly placed over the flame, and served it. To our surprise, there wasn't even a drop of blood on the plate. 

The next time I go, I'll try the $200 Japanese Kobe 6oz filet mignon, but unfortunately, I "donated" that money to "Red 14". Any steak on the menu will definitely please your palate. One of our group suggests the lamb. Not gamey at all.
i really, *really* don't want to give this place 3 stars.  i want to give it 5.  every bit of my dining experience was flawless, save one.  our meal started with a couple of glasses of wine, complimentary duck fat fries (yes, they're as incredible as all the other reviews say they are), and lobster fritters (deep-fried bacon-wrapped lobster wrapped up with creme fraiche in a bit of lettuce).  we both ordered the american kobe (wagyu) fillet (more on that later).  dessert was a fabulous slightly deconstructed rocky-road ice-cream sandwich (with "happy anniversary" piped on the plate).

the service was well above average. although the staff did give a bit of preferential attention to the larger, spendier groups, we were not neglected in any way.

the decor was pretty straightforward and clean.  better than the dark wood and antlers decorations in many steak houses (i guess not being "angus" beef helped that ;)  they have a wide selection of high quality seafood to complement the beef, but before you bring your pesca-friends, know that they've got sides of beef curing in coolers that are visible from most seats.

all in all, it was a pretty ideal setting and dinner. 5 star all the way.

so, what went wrong?

my steak.  as previously mentioned, ryan and i ordered the exact same thing.  we got two very, *very* different pieces of meat.  while his was perfectly medium rare, solid, and tiny bits of heaven, mine was...less so.  it was what i would consider medium, not nearly as tender, and felt more like a poor cut of meat that was reshaped to filet form.  

it might not have been a filet. it might not have been wagyu (there was a lower tier of meat on the menu).  when i mentioned it to the waiter (after only having a few bites), he mentioned that the ribbons of fat through the meat sometimes make it looked more "cooked" than it was, and as long as it was medium-rare tender, it was fine.  i didn't press later, when it became clear it was an inferior piece of meat (my husband gave me a large piece of his to enjoy), and i think i could have and been compensated in some form.

so, 3 stars.  i don't believe the restaurant tried to pull on over on us (because logically, you don't do that to the table that ordered identical dishes), although the waiter may have fed me a bit of a line to try and cover, which is forgivable.  in any case, i believe that if i had known more about steak in general and could have spoken with more authority, it would have been quickly rectified.
The best steak I've had in a long time.  I was in Vegas on business and ate in the bar by myself but the atmosphere didn't make me feel out of place.  My steak was cooked perfectly and seasoned to my liking.  I also ordered the grilled asparagus and they were good except there was some kind of cheese on them that I had to remove.
I ate at Strip Steak last year and my reaction was simply... "Wow!"  The first thing that you have to do is put the prices aside.  It's fine dining in Vegas and it's going to be pricier than what you get at home, deal with it.  The room space at Strip Steak was very cool considering it's carved out of a shopping mall like space.  The bar service is first rate.  Don't bother with a mundane gin & tonic here, try something where the bartenders can work their craft and you'll be really happy.  I was drinking Manhattan's and was very happy.  

On to the food...  they had an interesting take on the wedge salad that every steakhouse seems to carry these days.  It was flavorful, yet not overpowering. and certainly not drowning in dressing.  The prime rib was my dessert, I mean entree.  So you see prime rib on a menu and you think Outback Steakhouse, right?  Not here.  They have a very inventive take.  The presentation allows you to get a different flavor combination of crust, meat and sauce with every bite.  As I got into eating it, I figured this out.  Mac & Cheese?  Crazy delicious.  Not your mom's Kraft Mac & Cheese.    When I had consumed all I could, I still wanted more!  Excellent foodie experience.
Duck Fat Rules with the Fries
The Jalapeno Corn side is to die for as is the beef carpaccio. In fact all the sides and appetizers we had at Stripsteak were really really really good.
The sliders with fois gras -- what a concept ?
The desserts with chocolate were great.
And the beef and the lamb was good -- I am not a beef expert so I will let others talk about the steak --what i had the bone in steak -- was a bit too fatty for my llking - perhaps I shouda ordered something else but nevertheless the rest of it was good.

Great service and very nice place.  Chef Minna after aqua and Michael Minna and now this place -- you have done it again -- Not sure how you manage the 12 or so restaurants you have.
Underwhelmed at Michael Mina's StripSteak.  Just meh.  The fries were in tiny little pieces, and not crispy enough.  The steaks were not of the same caliber we have become used to at Mastro's.  The atmosphere is fun and lively and the people watching is good. The service is nothing to snark at, and I like the fact that the room feels masculine in nature.  I have been twice and both times I was a little unhappy.  They could do better.  I won't go again.
So irritating... I keep having to downgrade all my 5 stars because no nice restaurant in vegas is consistently good! 

We chose to dine here to celebrate getting engaged... our last experience was so amazing I thought surely we would be in for a treat again.

We sat in the bar area again (as we did last time). There were 4 other couples dining (total of 5 tables of 2). As soon as the waitress realized we were only ordering about $200 worth of food , she gave up on our table. I ordered a martini that sat on the bar for 22 minutes before she brought it to me! Thanks for the lukewarm drink b*tch. My water was NEVER refilled until I finally had to chase her down and ask her to. She was rude, never smiled and it was obvious $200 doesn't deserve service to her. 

Kobe tartar.. stil incredible. Foie gras sliders now use peach and came served cold. I prefer my seared foie gras served warm, but I do realize room temp is considered "good" to some, so I can't faul them. Steak was still awesome. 

Side of mac and cheese had broccoli in it. My fiance and I hate broccoli.. seriously put that in the description if you're going to try to put gross healthy stuff in my fatty mac and cheese dish!

Luckily I still love the food.. but being completely ignored by a waitress and staring at your warm martini sitting on the bar for over 20 minutes is unacceptable. Our special night was still enjoyable, but good service would have reallly made the difference!
a friend and I decided upon StripSteak as the place to have our first din upon arriving in Vegas for the weekend (I wish I had done more research). We ordered a dry aged bone in rib-eye and the 10oz filet.  Being I was recovering from a bad stomach and really shouldn't have been pushing my stomach to digest such meaty delights I thought I should go easy on my sides and inquired with the waiter if there was anything off the menu that wasn't sautéed in butter, cream, or cheese. He graciously offered that the kitchen could do some simple vegetables (spinach and garlic and mashed potatoes) which were just as he said, simple. Service was attentive and very helpful and the steak was juicy, cooked perfectly, but not out of this world. Complimentary Duck fat fries sound indulgent but its still just French fries and how fancy can those really get? Great wine selection. Pricing was on the high side as our meal for two with drinks and no room for dessert came out to a little over three bills. Crowd was hip but definitely not trendy. Overall Kind of cheesy 90's lounge style interiors. I would hope for more 'cool' factor since it is Vegas. I can check this place off my list now. Overall no serious complaints but also no "Wowie!" either.
First off, we didn't have reservations but they were able to fit us in before we went to go see santana....(disclaimer: yes, i am under the age of 30 :))

started with the duck fat fries trio, shellfish platter, kobe beef carpaccio... so far, everything was great!  some people mentioned that their fries were not crispy but ours were perfect...these fries were much better than the ones that i had at citrus at social....

i had the kurobuta pork along with the butter poached lobster tail...r had the american kobe. the pork was awesome BUT the lobster tail was lacking.  honestly, how can you mess up on lobster?

sides that have accompanied our meal were the truffled mac & cheese, the black eyed peas with chorizo and rapini, stone ground grits, the potato puree trio, and the jalapeno creamed corn.  i wil have to say that the sides were perfection.  serious comfort food yo~

we ended our meal with beignets along with our expressos....the beignets were a nice finish to our meal.  also, they provided us caramel popcorn as complements of the chef and it was a great little perk to take with us at the concert.  the greatest thing about our meal was the fact that they were able to get us out of the restaurant so that we didn't miss the concert.  

honestly, they would have received 5 stars if it wasn't for the bad lobster.... again, who really messes up on lobster?
So far the BEST steak house I have been to in LV. Went this past weekend and have already made my reservations for my next trip in 2 weeks. 

Since everyone in my group was getting steaks, I decided to mooch off of them and indulge my self in other pleasantries. So I got the West Coast Kushi oysters - similar to Kumamotos - my fav. I also got the bone marrow - nothing spectacular - a bit plain actually, just the marrow and some toast. I like it when marrow is spruced up a bit with capers and greens. So I wont be ordering this again from here. I also wanted to get the Fois Grois but the waiter suggested the Pate. It was good, but wish I had gone with my previous choice. The Pate - since i was eating it by myself - was a bit too heavy for only one to consume, especially when paired with the rich taste of the marrow - my bad overall, I should have considered it. 

My friend's Filet was AMAZING the most beautiful piece of meet you've ever seen. I will probably be getting that on ym next trip. My boyfriend's aged rib eye - rare - was succulent . My other friend got his rib eye med rare and it wa s bit too dry. We enjoyed a nice Syrah - $80, the lesser end of the list, but still lovely. 

The scalloped potatoes were awesome, as was the jalapeno cream corn. The Sides there are a MUST - get as many as your stomach can handle! AND you may not think you have room for desert but share the coconut passion fruit sorbet plate with your table - you'll be glad you did. The tangy fruitiness is an excellent way to end the heaviness of the meal - along with a double espresso, of course, to kick you out of the coma.
As a steak lover and fan of kobe, I had the best steak of my life at this establishment.  I ordered the kobe cap steak and it was delicious.  It melted in my mouth and was perfectly cooked.  My one regret is that I ate too many of the french fries (courtesy of the chef), bread and crab cake and could not finish my steak.  

This is my new favorite Las Vegas restaurant.  Bravo Michael Mina!

*Note - watch out... the hostesses are a bit rude and overtly snotty.
Randomly came here for dinner after watching "Mamma Mia!" with my bf a few weekends ago... and OH BOY, what a great decision it was for us to come here!  

Despite it being the weekend, it wasn't that busy (I'm guessing this crappy economy has something to do with it) so we were quickly seated.  Instead of your normal bread & butter, Stripsteak gives you a sampler of 3 different types of french fries (paprika, regular, garlic) and 3 dipping sauces for you to munch on.  They get an extra star for originality!  

I tried their cucumber martini... which was refreshing at first but started to taste too cucumber-y towards the end.  But once again, extra star for being innovative and atypical.

I'm not a big meat person so I ordered their alaskan halibut.  Nothing fancy - just grilled with some herbs/spices on top.  But it was still very juicy and not overcooked AT ALL.

My boyfriend ordered some steak special they had ... I forgot the name but I had a bite and it was tender and JUICY!!! 

For sides, we ordered their truffled mac & cheese and asparagus.  Once again, excellent.

Great ambience, great service, great food... only downside is the prices... but then again, it is suppose to be fine dining so no negative points in that aspect.

Probably the best steak house in Vegas that I have tried thus far... I highly recommend it!
When I strolled into this joint with my pockets bulging with Mandalay Bay chips I expected to be completely blown away. The place is nicely designed and of course has the usual eye-candy-ish host staff at the front desk that you learn to expect at these fancy schmancy type places. The young blond hottie proceeded to seat me right next to another couple who were dressed to impress while I was looking slightly better than alley trash. My first thought was to ask to move, but then I decided that since I might get bored at any moment that I would just sit there and eavesdrop on their conversation. 

When I gamble I usually either GO BIG, or play really conservative, so I decided to treat this meal the same way. I pulled out a quarter and gave it a flip. Tails for cheap. Alright the theme has been set. Instead of ordering the $180 wagyu 8oz steak I opted for the 16? 18? oz $51bone-in rib-eye. For a side-dish I chose the "caramelized onion and goat cheese scalloped potatoes" which came in at like $13 or $14. I also ordered WATER. Bottled water sir? No, just regular water please. Oh and with the steak please bring me an $18 a glass of this cheap Cabernet. Would you like an appetizer to start off with sir? No. A salad or some crab-cakes? No thanks. I'm not really starving right now so I can wait. 

So as the waiter rushes off I proceed to listen to the life-stories of this couple I was seated next to and waited for my food. Ahem, Sir the chef sent you this complimentary fries, three different types of fries, each paired with its own special dip. Actually these fries were pretty good, but if you go here, I wouldn't spend 9 bucks for them, just wait for them to get comped. 

Anyhow, the steak was cooked a perfect medium rare, but it had a little more fat and bone than I would have liked. The scalloped potatoes were excellent. A little rich for some people I would suspect but good for me. 
While savoring the taste of the rib-eye, a thought occurred to me: When I cook rib-eyes over mesquite wood at home on my BBQ after seasoning them properly, they taste almost exactly like this. Ahh well, probably just overestimating my own potential again. 

To give this place a fair review I would probably have to kick out more cash than the $94 bucks I spent here. It was good. It is probably a great place to take a date to impress or the wife/girlfriend/mistress for some special occasion.  I guess you are paying for the ambiance.  It was good and I'll probably end up here again after pillaging the Mandalay blackjack tables, but not overly impressive, at least with the cheap stuff I ordered.
One cocktail tip... indulge in the Rock & Rye cocktail.  It's the orangey looking beverage delight in the decanter at the end of the bar.  Oh so nice!

And like the other folks have said, the duck fat fries are very tempting.
For my girlfriend's first big vegas trip, I decided on StripSteak and will have a hard time going anywhere else from now on. Must say the service was top notch from the first second we arrived and carried through to every team member that assisted us. We had the Angus filet mignon and ny strip, the filet was THE BEST i've ever eaten; not a bit left on the plate. My date's strip steak was very tender, just right. Gotta throw some fuel on the "duck fat fries" fire because they were spot on. Great service and even better food is my idea of fine dining. Will be returning.
This my 3rd Michael Mina experience. After my first, I adored his Michael Mina's Arcadia (San Jose, CA) food, after my second at Michael Mina's in San Francisco, I began to trust him with my taste in food...and after strip steak...I think I now trust him with my life! I think i'd marry him just to make my tummy happy all the time=)
Strip Steak is yummy....they have an interesting menu; some you don't see in normal steak places like their ribeye cap! that was superb. My angus filet mignon satisfying...but Oohhhhh!!! their mac&cheese?!?!?! HANDS DOWN, THE BEST MAC&CHEESE I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!! so common things can be a complete shocker too....but only with Michael Mina=)
There's nothing like a traditional turkey dinner at Thanksgiving, even if it's in Vegas at StripSteak.  I've finally gotten around to writing about it, and for so many reasons I will hold this place close to my heart.  My true friend who decided to share this with me, has all my love.

The restaurant is wonderfully decorated, with the wood boards clasped along the side walls, the sleek lighting, and lounge-styled booths and tables.  Walk around to view the kitchen as well.  The space is expansive, and not overly cluttered by many tables.

Three different types of fries, along with three different sauces started the evening.  Wonderful.  Their beet salad with burrata cheese was phenomenal, what a great combination of texture and taste.  The turkey dinner, complete with stuffing, was near perfection.  Dessert was grapefruit panna cotta, coconut ice cream, passionfruit, and lemongrass.  I was amazed by how wonderful this combination tasted.

They have a great selection of specialty cocktails and a fairly good wine list to go along with a great menu.

Unique, and definitely worthy of a visit.
Outstanding Salmon! I know who goes to StripSteak and doesn't eat steak.... Me! Whatever. The place was awesome! If you are in Vegas you must stop by the Mandalay Bay and check it out. Ron Jeremy was in the table next to us chowing down too! Guess the porn convention was in town. AMAZING FOOD, A MUST DINE EXPERIENCE!
fantastic service, great food, cozy decor, i could spend a lot of money at this place, fantastic wine list, but again by the bottle at a huge mark up, would be nice if they were not so greedy with the wine prices, but the corkage is only $ 25.00 and that i can live with. somewhat overpriced even for the strip, but its darn good,  a pleasing array of menu items, wonderful service, i will be back,
Pretty good, maybe I had such high expectations. Before I came to vegas I saw this restaurant on TV. So I was so hyped to try it. Our waitress said its Esquire magazines voted one of the top steakhouse in America. They had waygu steak ranging around 100+ a steak. I tried the dry aged ribeye, which was pretty good, but I've had better. Funniest thing about this restaurant is when you leave your napkin to go to the restroom, somone would come rushing over to fold it. Try it out, just throw your napkin on the table, and instantly someone would notice, and when you leave your table an come back it would be neatly folded. When I was there we put them to work. Oh the complimentry duck fat fries were the bomb...stay away from the bone marrow compliment...eww
I had their bone in ribeye and it was okay nothing special for the same price Ruth Chris's bone in ribeye is way better. The duck fat fries were different not great though and i am a fan of duck too. What i was impressed with were their foie gras sliders they were amazing! The service their was snobby.
We had a fantastic dinner here with my work for our holiday Christmas dinner. I was worried that with a large group and a set menu we wouldn't be able to experience it as it really is, but not the case. They handled our group perfectly. With 30 people my steak still came out perfectly cooked, all the food was served together, the service was fantastic and everything we tried was amazing. Tried the trio of duck fat fries with dips (a Michael Mina classic if you've been to some of his other spots), breads, steak, mac and cheese, creamed spinach, beignets, all fantastic. Look forward to coming back and trying the rest of the menu. I'm always looking for new spots in Vegas to bring friends and family when we meet them there, and I'll definitely be bringing my folks here!
For starters, the service was amazing. We ate at the bar, and the bartenders were friendly and did a great job of making sure our drinks---even the water---were always full.

My sashimi appetizer was delicious. And my brother declared the kobe hamburger the best burger he's always had.

Of course, as with all good restaurants in Vegas, it was expensive. For example, a kobe burger at Palena in DC, generally considered the best in the city, goes for $10. At StripSteak it was $22.

Regardless, if you are looking for a good meal in Vegas, eat here.
If Yelp had a special feature where you can attach audio files with your review, I would gladly re-enact the noises I was making during my dinner at Michael Mina's StripSteak at the Mandalay Bay.   It would basically be borderline pornographic...

The three words you need to hear at the beginning of your dinner that ensures a very pleasurable experience... DUCK FAT FRIES (and a trio no less).  What an amazing thing!  Light, crispy, wonderful flavor.  I was expecting something that would be too rich to handle, but these were great.  Three flavors (bbq, truffle, herbed) with accompanying dipping sauces.  Yum.

I decided to forego an appetizer as I really wanted to sink my teeth into some steak.  So tempted to go for Wagyu beef, but I went for an 18oz dry-aged Angus rib-eye... perfectly seasoned and cooked.  No need for any kind of sauce.  And the sides...

The sides!  Truffled mac n' cheese.... and not just mac n' cheese made with truffle oil, but actual truffle shavings in the sauce!  Heaven.  Creamed spinach with bacon... caramelized onion and goat cheese scalloped potatoes... and their complimentary foccacia bread.   

For dessert... Beignets with 18-year-old Scotch pudding... just the right amount of booziness.  The beignets were warm, light, and airy. 

As if this isn't enough fried dough... i also ordered the Dunkin' mini doughnuts... these came with jasmine infused chocolate sauce and salted caramel sauce... yes...  yes...

Service was wonderful... The space is beautiful and modern.  

This is my second visit to a Michael Mina restaurant... he hasn't disappointed.   Can't wait to go to his other restaurants!
"MY God, what have I done to deserve this", were the words I spoke when eating here. Being in Las Vegas, Nevada, a.k.a. Sin City, I knew that I had to atone for my sins, but I do not know what sin I could have committed to deserve this place! I can not tell you how many times I've been disappointed by restaurants that tout their great service and even better food, then come away feeling despondent.

However, this restaurant takes the proverbial cake, and a crap one at that!

Where to begin? After having been sitting at a table with my guest for 15 minutes, the waitress finally decided it was time to work. Realizing that she was indifferent, my guest and I ordered some red wine to numb the pain we knew lay ahead. When the wine came, it was as warm as the desert outside the hotel. Enduring this bit of pain, we decided to press our luck further.

I ordered the Kobe steak which after about 40 minutes of wondering when my food would show up, came most disappointingly. Kobe beef, the most rarified and king of all steaks, prepared properly medium rare, came out well done. Well done! I was horrified to see such splendor squandered. I decided to take a bite and tasted charcoal. I was livid. I found my nonexistent, indifferent waitress and demanded to see the manager.

A manager came round and apologized and brought me another Kobe steak, this time thankfully, faster than the last. When it finally arrived, it too suffered a cruel fate reserved only for witches in Salem. I spoke with the manager who brought out his manager. This new bloke apologized some more and took my meal off my bill. My bill? Yes, it seems I still had to pay for my guest whose food was only average. I feel that if one person's meal is ruined, everyone's is. Therefore everything should be taken care of. Sadly, Strip Steak doesn't think this way. Strip Steak simply doesn't think or cook for that matter. They can apologize well though.
Based on the way I look and my last name, most people think I'm Latin or of Spanish descent. 

And perhaps if you go back far enough in my heritage, you could say I am of Spanish descent... 

But maybe it's also because I am a carnivore and because I'm a late diner. I mean LATE. Like I have dinner at 11pm.

Fortunately for me, Stripsteak more than satisfies my needs as a late dining carnivore.

On a late Monday night, my girlfriend and I made the trek to Mandalay Bay to have dinner at Stripsteak and were nothing short of impressed.

We were greeted and seated promptly, given professional & knowledgeable service and treated to a wonderful meal of complimentary duck-fat fries, beets & burrata salad, crab louie lettuce cups; amazing lamb & heavenly-flavored, mesquite-roasted rib-cap steak.

I have to say, if you love rib-eye, you will LOVE Stripsteak's rib-cap. 10oz of wonderfully seasoned juicy Angus steak.

I will definitely be back to satisfy my inner Spanish demons!
One more notch to add to my quest of trying every single Michael Mina restaurant!  Yessss!! (Fist pump)

Great, great food.  Does not disappoint.  The duck fat fries are a must, people.  Also, the burratta salad was fresh and delicious, and my boyfriend's rib cap steak was incredible.  He said that it was one of the BEST steaks he's ever had in his entire life.  Coming from a 32 year old extreme carnivore, that's pretty substantial.  Also, my lamb chops were scrumptious as well.

In addition, the bill ended up not being ridiculously high as we anticipated.  I'd say Strip Steak rivals N9NE in terms of the type of ambiance and crowd they are attempting to attract.  Go to Strip Steak for a quieter, romantic and more upscale meal.  

This delicious, satisfying meal was exactly what I needed after almost killing myself with alcohol poisoning a couple nights before.  I'll be back.
I hope to get through this review without drooling all over my laptop. 

So I chose this place for My boyfriend's 30th birthday dinner, and it's one of those happy occasions where I cannot imagine a better choice.  As soon as we sat down in the plush chairs in the middle of the gorgeous but unpretentious dining room, and picked up the Happy Birthday card the establishment had written out to my beau, it felt right.

Then we started sipping the best cocktails we've ever had.  Birthday boy tried the Claymore, an intriguing blend of Scotch, elderflower syrup, and Lambic beer. Sounded flat-out weird, but was out-of-this-world good. Just a little sweet and you could totally taste the smoothness of that good Scotch. 

Before we order, we are presented with a trio of french fries with their own dipping sauces! Herb with Ketchup, Duck Fat with Truffle sauce, and Paprika with Barbecue. I'm afraid I'm gonna bust out another superlative. I don't wanna get discredited that way, but hot damn, these were best fries I'd ever had. Specifically the duck fat and truffle sauce. What can I say about those fries? When you ate them, the world fell away. It was just you, the fried potato, and the truffle sauce.

Birthday boy picked an appetizer that the server recommended: Lobster and bacon fritters wrapped in bibb lettuce with a meyer lemon creme fraiche. Not my thing at all, but he was quite content with it. 

Meahwhile, I reveled in a fantastical salad of tri-colored beets with burrata. Do you know burrata? It's a fresh mozzarella that's made molten with cream.  It's hard to make, and its quite expensive. It's often flaunted on a menu as the star of a dish, but then miniscule in portion compared to the other ingredients. Not here, at Stripsteak! I enjoyed two healthy-sized, mouth-watering balls of exquisite burrata, which were complimented just perfectly with the lightly dressed roasted beets. At $15, this was a deal. 

Between the cocktail, beets, and fries, I probably didn't need to consume much more, but then our steaks came. We both ordered filet mignon ($54). There was nothing MIGNON about these steaks, they were enormous! I ordered mine "Rare- really rare" and I was happy to see that the while the outside was seared dark, it was red and cold beyond a few millimeters. It was perfect. Perfect, perfect, perfect. 

Now, at Ruth Chris and the like, the $8 sides of sauteed vegetables or baked potatoes remind you of the expensive wrappings and bows you have to buy for a wedding gift. A necessary accompaniment to the main event that makes it pretty and complete, but would be utterly useless and ridiculous if purchased on their own. 

The sides here at Stripsteak are NOT wrapping paper. You could bring a vegetarian to Stripsteak and they would be just as happy with these sides as the carnivores with their meat. 

Truffled Macaroni and cheese. **Maniacal laugh heard here at the mention of this dish.** According to our server, the best thing on the menu. No arguments here!

We also had Scalloped potatoes with goat cheese. Giving the mac a run for its money.

If that wasn't enough gluttony to invoke wrath from the Gods, we also had an accompaniment of grilled foie gras. Each bite bursted with sinful flavor as it instantly melted on our tongues. 
 
I cannot express to you how blessed we were to be eating these side dishes. It was pure, unfettered bliss. This is comfort-food that grew up to be a gorgeous, confident Gourmet. It's the best of both worlds. 

We played happily with combining these flavors. This bite is filet with truffled mac. This bite is filet with goat cheese. This bite is filet with a bit of the roasted shallot, the most delicious garnish in town. 

And then there was the moment that I realized "Hey! What about the trufffle dipping sauce from the fries? I bet that will taste good with the steak!"

I never thought I was going to be able to eat that enormous steak, but despite being at capacity, I ate and ate and ate until everything was gone. 

The birthday boy chose beignets with chocolate mouse dipping sauce, not my thing, and then I happily paid the $300 bill. 

It was worth it.
Came here for dinner on our last night in Vegas.  Made some good choices, made some bad choices...

App: 
Trio of duck fat fries with different sauces was pretty darn tasty. Similar to how McDonalds fries are tasty, and onion rings, and wings, basically anything fried.  

Dad wanted sashimi (at a steak restaurant?), I knew it was going to be bad, but he couldn't be unconvinced- TOTALLY GROSS, do not order this.
Albacore sashimi?? Keep that stuff in the can plz.

I got a roasted beet salad, which I expected to be a little more rustic... but they kind of tasted like canned beets.  And too much of the white cheese! 

Ordered the truffled mac and cheese after being convinced by the waiter...
only OK, not blown away and couldn't really taste whatever was truffled.  I think they use the word truffle as a license to charge and extra $5. :/

My dry aged steak was pretty damn good, which I would have been pissed if it wasn't for $60.  

My dad's waygu tip steak thing was also tender and delicious. 

Brothers pork and collards with grits was only ok. Not too much flavor.

All in all, I think I would skip this for some other steak house.
Went inside on a whim as A and I killed time before our flight.  We were hungry and neither of us had tried this place so we decided to give it a try.  I really enjoyed the simple earthy toned decor with its dim lighting and the blocks of wood that make up the wall.  We started with some appetizers and wine by the bar because dinner had not started yet and were pleasantly intrigued with what else they had to offer.
We ordered the oysters and the foie gras sliders with pear compote.  Two of our very favorite foods and both were spectacular! We had to stay for dinner.
We were moved to the dining area where we both had the waygu Japanese rib eye med-rare of course.  It was perfectly prepared on their wood burning grill and went perfectly with the truffle mac and cheese (not the best MnC ever but still mouth watering).
We were served complimentary duck fat fries with a trio of dips and bags of caramel popcorn at the end.
Can't recall the wine we had but after stuffing our faces we were the last passengers to board the last flight out to LA scampering into the plane buzzed and satisfied. 15 min later our luggage was loaded and we took off--I'm sure we got some dirty looks for the extra lag but the food coma had set in and we were knocked out.  Thanks A for a fabulous meal.
Popped into here for a quick bite before a show. Sat at the bar and had the Kobe-style burger and duck fat fries. Best burger EVER! and the duck fat fries are perfect.
I came here for dinner with some work colleagues after a long day of meetings.  We didn't have a reservation for our party of six, but we were able to get a table right away just before the place started to fill up (around 7:30 PM on a Tuesday).  For appetizers, we decided to stick with the complimentary duck fat fries with matching dipping sauces.  These were excellent...if that was all I had to eat here I would have left very satisfied.  I followed this with the house salad, then the 18 oz. dry-aged bone-in ribeye.  I ordered my steak medium rare, and it came out perfect, the steak was very tasty.  We ordered a side dishes to split amongst the table: carrots, truffled mac and cheese, shiitake mushrooms, and scalloped potatoes.  All were excellent, though my favorite by far was the mac and cheese.  We were all very satisfied with our meals and with the service.  Angus steaks range from $36 to $69 while the Wagyu beef starts at $64 for an 8 oz. American Kobe ribeye and goes up from there.
After arriving at the Mandalay Bay hotel on Friday, I heard my buddies tell of a fabulous time and incredible meal they had the night before at STRIPSTEAK.  As we sat at the Red White and Blue cafe eating a marginal lunch (I'll deal with them in another review) we had all decided to go back there before our weekend was up.  

For starters we had the duck-fat fries which came with a trio of dipping sauces and a fillet tartar appetiser.  Each item was better than the next.  Their slow poaching process of cooking the beef creates the softest and most flavorful cut of meat that you will not soon forget.  While there try a Hendricks martini with a twist to keep the atmosphere alive.  

Bravo to Chef Michael Mina and his STRIPSTEAK at the Madaly bay
My first experience at a Michael Mina restaurant, and I was impressed!

After I found out they serve imported Japanese A5 Wagyu, I had to try it!

I called to check the price the night before.. $185 for a 6oz Ribeye.  Pricey! It was the most expensive steak I've ever had.  Although I prefer Filet, if it's really A5, it should be just as tender as a Filet.   I think the Wagyu at CUT at the Palazzo is A3, but don't hold me to that. 

I decided to risk it, and I arrived on a Tuesday Eve around 6pm w/o reservations.  I was seated on arrival.  The booth was very comfortable with fluffy pillows.   

Instead of bread, they served a complimentary trio of Duck Fat fries.  They each had different seasonings, and dipping sauces.  

I liked the garlic sauce the best, it was very thin, and rich and I knew I was racking up the calories when I was eating it.   It was one of the best dipping sauces I've ever had. The fries themselves were maybe 3.5-4 star, not the best I've had, but better than average.  I usually don't use dipping sauces on my fries, but the garic dip was excellent.   

The fries were better than Wolfgang's CUT steakhouse french fry side dish. 

I ordered the A5 Japanese Ribeye Wagyu ($185) along with Foie Gras as a side ($19)

It came pretty fast.  The restaurant itself wasn't very busy.  I dropped by the night before around 830-9, and it looked alot busier.   The bar was packed, though.

The steak was good. It was very tender, as I expected.  Very buttery, and rich.  The seasoning was outstanding.  The steak came pre sliced in thin slices, about 8-10 pieces.  I suppose they can make sure it is cooked correctly throughout.   Mine came out medium rare, as requested.  
Compared to the wagyu filet I tried at CUT in Beverly Hills, I have to say this comes very close to being the best steak I've ever had.  It was on Par, for sure... 

The foie gras was maybe the best I've ever had! It was more tender than the steak, like butter, served hot, and was very rich.  It was well worth the $19.   

I had no room for dessert, and nothing looked too appetizing to me. 
Overall, a very outstanding meal for a very expensive price.   Bring your wallet, the total with tax and tip was nearly $270.  That is for just 1 person. The soda is $4 a pop w/ no freebie refills.
StripSteak was a GREAT restaurant! I had the American Kobe and let me tell you. This was the best steak every! My girlfriend had the Kansas City Strip Steak. The food came with three different type of french fries and three different types of sauces. The restaurant was designed with glass walls. Now that's unique.
I'm feeling super spoiled because I got to eat out at five fantastic restaurants this week.

It's not the most inviting thing to hear your server introduce you to duck-fat french fries but WOW, are they consumable.

StripSteak took the place of my beloved 3950 Steakhouse at Mandalay Bay. While 3950 will also be close to  my heart and stomach, StripSteak is a great runner-up.

I have eaten here five or so times and it has been excellent service and amazing food everytime. The staff is inviting and friendly.

I recommend the burrata & beets (everyone knows I am infatuated with the melt-in-your-mouth-mozzarella-of-choice).

If you want to save room for drinks and some donuts... or as some say beignets, split a steak and add a crab leg.

The side portions are ample. The steak, supple. The crab, succulent.

I'm a traditionalist and prefer the filet instead of ribeye or the other guys. Can't go anywhere nowadays without seeing mac n' cheese on the menu. Don't miss theirs though. Chunks of broccoli, the essence of truffles and a perfectly rich cheese (gruyere I think?) make it memorable.

They serve Chat. Lynch-Bages by the glass. Love it.

We have been here with 2 people up to 10 people. They are very accommodating with any size. Only downfall... it looks like a high-end cafeteria. Nothing intimate about the place. If you are coming with a group of at least six guests, I would recommend requesting a booth so you aren't in the middle of the restaurant... then again the walls around it are clear acrylic.

There are only two restrooms TOTAL. Have to venture out into the casino if someone is taking forever.

I will always go back and I will always recommend StripSteak... but I do miss the purple velvet booths of 3950.
This was our second visit; the first was two years ago.

I'd forgotten just how pricey the place was.

The food was delicious; two of our party of four, perhaps feeling guilty about the menu prices, ordered the Kobe Hamburger which they reported as excellent.

I had the Kobe rib-eye with foie gras.  Oh, yeah!

To avoid the ridiculously high markup on wine be the bottle, we enjoyed several wine-by-the-glass choices though the choices by the glass are limited.

Service was excellent and we enjoyed the minimalist decor.  Michael Mina has a winner here IMHO.
There's two types of steakhouses in Vegas: Quiet fancy ones that look like they came out of a country club, or loud trendy ones that pump Moby into the room and have so much tile and glass that you can barely hear the person across the table talk to you.

StripSteak falls into the latter category. (It's fairly easy to tell the difference between the two types of restaurants, just watch for the rich old guys wheeling their oxygen tanks towards the former.)

I went for the lamb, my colleagues for the strip steaks.  Entrees check in around $50-ish.  All were expertly prepared.  For sides, we shared the spinach souffle (excellent, imaginative), the creamed spinach with bacon (good, but a bit ordinary), and a baked potato (not much you can do to sex that up).

If you want a good, large hunk of cow before you go out to hit the bars, StripSteak will get you in that mood.  If you want a quiet, relaxing dinner, the atmosphere may overwhelm.  But the quality of the food matches the prices.
Came here for a business dinner and ate the steak. I had the Kobe beef steak and foie gras as a side. I can't say it was the most amazing steak I have had but it was good. The duck fat fries were good and the duck fat did impart a good flavor to the fries that was interesting. I also had the soy glazed shitake mushrooms. They were a bit too sweet for my liking and i thought that there should have been a bit less sugar and more acid with them. The decor is very open and nothing to write home about. Overall it is a good meal solid meal but not something to write home frantically (or on yelp) about. If there is a next time I'll order more of the sides to see how creative Mina was with his menu but for now it was good but nothing tugs at me to return.
As you will see from my reviews I have eaten at high end steak places in NY, Philadelphia and DC.....this is definitely in the top 5 of all of them.   

We went here with a group and ate on a thursday night, we had no problem getting a table for 4 at 8pm with reservations.   

I had the lobster with bacon appetizer which was honestly the lowlight of my meal but still very good.   My wife had a beet salad which looked nice and a friend of mine split onion rings with the table.   The free fries were also amazing and we loved the different sauces.

Next came the main courses.   My wife ordered a filet done perfectly.   My friends GF had the halibut which was also excellent.   I had the regular rib eye and the king crap options as did my friend.   Let me just say this steak was seasoned and cooked PERFECTLY.   The king crap legs that were the side were amazing.   They were split and all of the good parts were left.   A great addition! 

We got the mashed potato sides  as well as a mushroom that was part of a forrest fire.   

I think that this is a great steakhouse and a great place to eat.   I would highly recommend this place in LV.
Great steaks.  This is one of the top steakhouses in Vegas and one of only a handful that serves true Kobe beef from Japan.

Been here five times in the past two years.  The restaurant has been consistently good although expensive.  Be prepared to spend $250/person for this culinary adventure.

The ambiance is a little strange.  It is trendy (like all other Mandalay Bay restaurants), they miss the mark with their LOUD music aimed at the 30 something crowd.  I'm that age so I did not mind YELLING to my fellow diners but common, the place was filled with 50 something year old business people.

Service was excellent.  This restaurant has an excellent sommelier and a wine list to match his expertise.  Be sure to let your price range be known ahead of making selections.  On a recent visit, we spent over $1,300 for two bottles of wine.

WARNING - Do not fill up on the excellent appetizers or you will not enjoy your steak.

You are given some duck fat fries and a variety of dipping sauces.  The truffle is to die for.  On to the appetizers, do not pass up the foir gras sliders.   They are incredible.

Steaks are what this place is about.  Just skip the common steaks and go right for the Japanese Kobe.  You can get prime steaks back at home.  These steaks seem small (6 - 8 oz) but they are so rich that the small portion size will fill you up.  Do not be put off by the high prices ($180+) for the steak.  Splurge and enjoy.   Be sure not to have the steak beyond medium rare or it becomes a regular piece of meat.

Sides are good but again, who can eat that much.  Just enjoy your steak.
There is no reason you should have a bad steak in Las Vegas. Michael Mina is making that statement with bold creativity and solid food. I'm a big of fan of anywhere that puts decent thought into the overall layout of the place, decor, sitting, and most importantly the menu. I can't help myself but feel cool walking around in stripsteak. It's like technology, and fashion meets comfort food I wish my mom could compete with stripsteak food around the holidays. I've been here 3 times so far and def see stripsteak becoming a regular place I go with big groups of people before we head out for a crazy night at the club.

Start with an extra order of duck fat fries if you are with more than 2 people because they are ammmmmmmmazingly delic. will disappear in a matter of minutes. Along side TRUFFLE SAUCE AND HERB KETCHUP. That alone is my dreams coming true.
The flat iron, the flat iron, the flat iron! 
And A5 filet!

For sides I enjoyed the lobster mash and sour cream and onion mash. 
The jalapeno creamed corn. Wasn't too into the truffled mac-n-cheese even though I love truffles, this wasn't seasoned right and not enough going on in my mouth. It needed a crunch or something,
I loved this place. This place "was. an. experience." It's a surprisingly chic place not far from Fleur de Lys in Mandalay Bay and right next to a Starbucks. It was packed and loud, so I guess that's a good sign. 
To be honest, I wasn't impressed with our waiter. He seemed like a casual Billy Corgan type who was interested in talking to you so long as you were increasing your order. No small talk, 0 personality, and the real piss ant is he conveniently didn't add our restaurant.com coupon to our bill. He may have forgotten, but frankly this is the second time this has happened to me in Vegas, and seeing how just about every other attraction in Vegas is designed to suck the money out of your pocket I can't help but wonder if it's not a coincidence. They must slip more than a few bills under the noses of patrons who unknowingly assume they got their discount but fail to check after a bottle of wine, but not me, and I'm not too forgiving about this ether, because I think it really is intentional. 
Anyway, the food is what saved this place from a more negative review because in the end that is all I really and truly care about anyway. Anyone can learn how to carry a plate of food to a table, but it takes a talented individual to craft a work of art in the kitchen. 
We had salad to start. Frankly I wasn't impressed with my caesar.  It seemed a bit bland. I was hoping this wouldn't be precursor to the rest of the meal but in this rare occasion it wasn't at all. Salad must not be their thing because the rest of the meal was mind blowing. I had a regular filet with a side of peppercorn sauce and another side of the creamed corn. Ummmm....the food was utterly fantastic. The filet was of EXCELLENT quality. Perfect taste and texture throughout, and the accompanying pepper sauce was not a creamy peppercorn sauce like you usually get, but more of a demi glace sauce with peppercorns - truly the sauce I have been after for years.
The sides of the mashed potatoes 3 ways was stunning. They serve 3 little bowls of mashed taters. One is sour cream and chives infused, the other is lobster infused, and the third is horseradish infused. Each was the creamiest, smoothest mashed potato I have ever had, and was accented perfectly with its character ingredient. Wow. With the steak it was just superb. The creamed corn with jalapeno was very good, although not the best ever. Still very nicely done though and no complaints.
To top it off, and the reason this place is a solid 5 star experience and worthy of one of the most smitten reviews I have ever posted was the simple divine experience I had with the Executive Chef, Ben (lost his business card but remember his name).
I was walking out of the restroom, and stopped by to look at their see-through window next to the grill where they cook the steaks and other entrees. I noticed what seemed to be a chef standing nearby, so in a spontaneous moment of gratitude I went up to him and told him how much I enjoyed my food. He was very nice, and after I asked a few more questions about how the steak is prepared, he said "come on, I'll take you back." He actually took me back in the kitchen past all the kitchen staff who were probably thinking "WTF is this guy doing in here?", and took me straight up to the grill where a few beautiful steaks were in the home stretch. He explained the process, how the steaks actually soak in clarified butter at a perfectly controlled temperature before they are grilled. This would explain the awesomeness of the steak, actually, but now that I've tasted it I know that it's the best. He enthusiastically answered my other questions about the kitchen ("is it really like Hell's Kitchen??") and then ushered me out of the kitchen. I don't know why this is such a big deal to me, but it really just impressed the heck out of me that the Executive Chef of one of the best restaurants I'd ever been to was so down to Earth and gave me an impromptu tour of his kitchen. I remember as a young boy my dad would approach the cockpits of planes even during flights sometimes to talk to the pilots, and they would bring us into the cockpit, explain a few neat things, and then with a wink we'd be on our way. Obviously those days are gone forever, but tonight I had a bit of the same feeling; the man running the ship gave me the tour with no expectation of anything in return. Clearly I don't believe this kind of thing happens that much anymore and that's why I'm so ecstatic, but it was a privilege and an honor to meet him and I cannot thank him enough for his exemplary skills as both a chef and a business man. 
I'm a fan of Strip Steak for sure. Maybe next time if I win big in Vegas I'll try the Japanese Kobe (it's not cheap). Until then I'll enjoy a superb domestic cut of beef and be glad I can afford the luxury.
StripSteak is a fine steakhouse but, unfortunately, doesn't live up to the hype.

I'll start with something positive.  The ambience, to be expected, is excellent.  Good use of wood, and in an open, non-stuffy, modern way.  

They start you off with some complimentary french fries and potato bread.  The fries are gourmet (one kind is cooked in duck fat) and are good, but not great.  (In fact, I had some McDonalds fries the next afternoon which left me just as satisfied).  The bread is a bit dry.  I would never order it.

As for the drinks, I had a glenlivet 12 (can't report much there) and a cucumber martini.  The cucumber martini was perfect for a hot Vegas day (95 degrees) and was refreshing.  I also haven't been to too many places that offer a cucumber martini, so that was nice.  As for the drink itself, it was un-nuanced.  Overall, though, I'd get it again.

Onto the steaks.  I've been on a wagyu kick lately and like to compare the different restaurants that offer it, so I was glad to see they offered it here.  The price is supposedly market, so on this night, it was $185 for a 6 oz. New York.  In short, I was disappointed.  First, they serve it pre-sliced.  That pissed me off.  Pre-slicing alters the surface/area ratio, which means that each slice gets cold quickly.  I tried to return the steak to get a new one that wasn't pre-sliced, but the most they would do was "flash" the steak.  B.S.  In any event, the steak itself fell way below expectations.  Unlike CUT, the wagyu at StripSteak did not melt in my mouth and I still had to chew (ok, at CUT you do have to chew, but barely).  I would never order the wagyu here again.

I went with four other guys and none of them were impressed with their steaks (they don't even go to nice steakhouses often).  In fact, one said that the steak at Lawry's "destroyed" the steak at StripSteak.  That gives you some context.

On the other hand, StripSteak's truffled macarroni and cheese was truly divine.  In all seriousness, and forgive me for the superlatives, it was the best mac & cheese I've ever had, and by a wide margin.  For the truffled mac & cheese alone, I would go back to StripSteak.  If you go, it is a must order.

Finally, and it must be said since I'm a guy, the other reason to go to StripSteak is that one of their servers, Tori, is perhaps the prettiest girl you will ever see in real life.  I'm really not joking on that one (it was the consensus amongst the 5 guys at my table, as well as the table of 8 guys sitting next to us).  Ridiculous.

So, at the end of the day, 3 solid stars for StripSteak.  Can't say it's the best steakhouse (or even close to it), but it is a place to grab a good meal with a nice ambience and pretty scenery.
With all the steakhouse options in Vegas, do not waste your time with Stripsteak.  We were first seated in the bar at a lounge chair and a high table.  I have no idea how they expected us to eat a steak sitting at the kids table.  We were eventually able to move to a normal table and after a good 25 minutes, we got a waiter to come by and take some drink orders and we also placed our food orders.  I got a soup appetizer which was pretty good.  While waiting for the steaks, which arrived a good 35 minutes after appetizers, I started to feel sick and had to run to the restroom.  I'm not saying it was their fault, and I'm not saying it wasn't.  My wife finished her over salted steak while I was in the restroom being sick and the waiter and manager firmly told her that she had to pay the bill in full and they couldn't comp anything.  She never even asked for it, she just said I wasn't feeling well and probably wouldn't be eating my over salted undercooked steak (medium rare is a cool pink center, not raw and uncooked).  I'm not giving a bad review because I got sick or because they put a pound of salt on the steaks.  I'm giving them a bad review on how rude they were and made a big point to let everyone know that my sickness couldn't possibly be their fault.  I will definitely not be back.
I was underwhelmed with this place. I ordered the prime rib from the prix fix menu, and it was okay, probably a solid B. It came with some sides--a small thing of creamy spinach, okay. A small thing of mac'n cheese, tasted pretty nasty. A small dish of steamed vegetables, mostly peas, probably from a can. 

The potato bread was greasy as heck. Duck fat fries, also very greasy--nothing special, don't listen to the other guys. In'n out has way better fries. Someone should tell the people cooking back there, more grease does not equal better tasting food. The dessert was really good, however (kudos to the dessert chef). That, and the hostess (kudos to the hiring staff) were about the only redeeming qualities.  

I used a $50 restaurant.com coupon and still it seemed way expensive. This is more of an overpriced tourist joint for people who are staying in the hotel and don't have cars. If you are stuck in Mandalay Bay, I would suggest Aureole or Lupo, both had better food. A short taxi ride away is McMullan's Irish Pub next to the Orleans which also has better food (try the "chips").
I love steak but I think the truffle mac & cheese stole the show. Our group ordered the Kansas City strip and skirt steak. For our sides we had creamed spinach w/ bacon & truffled mac & cheese. They offered us the duck fat fries and a foccacia. I must show love to our server Alexis. Alexis was very friendly and made our visit that much more enjoyable. The only thing I would say could be better is if they kept the plate they served the steak on hot so that the steak can stay warm. I would definitely come back here for some steak and mac & cheese.
This place is amazing!!!

I had dinner at StripSteak last weekend and I had an incredible time.  First, we were about 15 minutes late for our reservation because of all the UFC 100 traffic.  However, the hostess seated us promptly at a lovely side table.  After taking drink orders, our server brought us a potato focaccia on the house and it was soft, fluffy and so good!  But after just a couple of bites, the server returned with a trio of duck fat fries, also compliments of the chef.  On our visit, he sent over truffle fries with a truffle sauce, bbq fries with a bbq sauce, and garlic/herb fries with a herb ketchup.  All amazing.

For our entrees, we got the ribeye and the kurobuta pork.  First, the portions are enormous!  The pork came with collard greens and creamy grits.  It was all delicious.  Oh, and the ribeye!  It melted in my mouth!!!  We also had the truffle mac and cheese, corn with jalapenos, and creamed spinach.  Way too much food but it was all so tasty.

Also, unlike other posters, we received nothing but friendly and attentive service.  From the hostess to the sommelier and waiter, everyone was eager to make our experience.

This was one of the best dinners I've ever experienced.  Ever.  Do try it out when you have the chance.  You won't regret it!
StripSteak was absolutely amazing.. I am in love with the duck fat french fries.. They bring them out to the table instead of bread, I would ask the server to bring two orders of the duck fat fries instead of the foccaia. I had the lobster pea soup which was amazing. I am slightly lactose intolerant  which was definitely accommodated. Our server had no problem finding out what ingredients were used in my soup to make sure I could eat it. I loved the fact that they left whole peas in the soup with gracious portions of lobster. I also had the fillet mignon which was to die for! All of their steaks are dry aged in house and cooked over a mesquite wood burner. I'll definitely be back to stripsteak soon! Another Michael Minna success!
My first fancy schmancy meal in Vegas that wasn't a buffet!

It's near all the other fancy restaurants in Mandalay Bay.  The entrance is very open, glass windows that extend to the roof and you can see the whole restaurant just standing out side.  

Large cow carcasses hang from hooks in the fridge behind the glass by the kitchen.  I'm guessing these are the delicious ones that they'll be hacking off for my order.

The host is formal; he pulls out my chair, hands me a menu, and places a napkin in my lap for me.  Thanks guy.  I order the filet mignon (a la carte, as most of the menu items come), the beau orders the Fried chicken w/mac & cheese.  Meanwhile, compliments of the chef are 3 types of fries and corresponding sauces - Truffle, BBQ, and ketchup, as well as a small pan of potato foccacia.  The truffle fries won me over.  I could have eaten plenty more of those. 

Had I known that they were bringin out the fries and bread, I would have skipped ordering a side of asparagus, which had this citrussy glaze over it, bleh.  I didn't want it to be sweet :P  I also prefer my asparagus unpeeled; I think it's crispier that way.

Well, onto the steak; wow! That was easily the most tender, juicy and flavorful steak I've ever experienced. Yes, experienced.  It was that good.  I didn't think i could handle 10 ounces of it, but it was THAT good, tender inside, crusty with steak rub/seasoning on the outside and very lean around the edges, I tried the beau's chicken, too.  Hyum :) Was it juicy!  

All in all, I was very pleased with our meal and the service.  I'd like to say I would return, but it was quite the expensive meal! Not that it wasn't worth it, but ... well, we're poor.
Big thanks to restaurant.com for finally convincing me to come here.  Wife and I had the filet and ribeye along w/ scalloped potatoes and the spinach souffle.  Steaks were cooked perfectly...I usually end up taking home about half my ribeye but I literally inhaled this one..so damn good.  The spinach souffle was really good...never had anything like that before.  I also liked how they serve foccacia and fries as kind of a complimentary starter as opposed to the loaf of bread/rolls most places do.  Def gonna do mac n cheese next time.
They were nice enough to let us use two restaurant.com gift certificates, since we were planning to split our party of 4.  

I had the rib-eye, cooked medium rare.  It was the best rib-eye I've ever had!  It was a little pricey, but what quality steakhouse isn't?  I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in Vegas.  The staff was really friendly and attentive.
Totally lucky that I came here.  First of all, I had won a few hundred dollars at the blackjack table so I was feeling especially generous.  So after I took my girlfriend to a show, I wanted to treat her to a nice dinner.  And this was the closest steakhouse near the show.

This place may be the best steak that I had ever tasted.  I ordered the ribeye which was very tender and seasoned to perfection. They did not overbutter their steaks like some other nice steakhouses.  

Also, they give you fries as instead of bread.  The fries are seasoned differently with various different dipping sauces.  I dont know if they do this anymore, but they did do this when I was here last. 

The decor is typical of a fancy steak house, but I love the fact that they have some cuts of meat on display on windows.

Drawback of course is the price, but hey, what do you expect..it is a fancy steakhouse.

Great steak, great sides, great everything.
I don't know if I can add much more then any of the other reviews. The food was outstanding. The fries were surprising and delicious. We had the prime rib, spinach souffle and bone marrow. Our friends shared some of their onion rings with us. Everything was made perfectly. You must try the truffle aioli dipping sauce. I could drink that straight it was so good. We only had budget for one really expensive meal for our Vegas vacation and we were not disappointed that we choose StripSteak.

I will add this. It was obvious that we were not in the income bracket of their normal clientele but we never once felt talked down to or made to feel uncomfortable in any way by the staff. Our group of four ordered two entrees and shared them for obvious reasons and still there was no questioning or eye raising or hesitation from the waiter or host. A great experience.
during my latest trip to lv, my friends and i came here for dinner one night. my first impressions upon being seated: the hosts are attractive, the decor is modern and dig the extended glass separators, and 'damn those complimentary fries look delicious'. the restaurant's open space does not make it a quiet evening, but that's not what i was looking for! i ordered the prime rib, cooked medium. i was a little concerned about the servings being small, but was pleasantly surprised upon it's arrival. the meat was cooked to perfection. although i was a little surprised with how it was charred at the bottom, as i never had prime rib like this. but it didn't stop me from finishing it. we all shared sides of the creamed corn, mac & cheese, and scalloped potatoes. all the sides were very rich, but delicious.

but what makes me a fan of this place is their service, and willingness to accept a couple of my requests. one of the chefs actually came by our table and asked how everything was. also - the day after, i received an email from one of the team members, ashley, thanking us for our dining experiences. that was a nice touch...
My 700th review goes toward a night of decadent eating!

Parties of four are really one of the best ways to experience a menu.  With drinks in hand, we took our seats at a table by the floor-to-ceiling glass walls separating us from the outside world.

* Trio of Duck Fat fries with dipping sauces of barbecue, truffle aioli, and ketchup - This complimentary dish was the first to arrive, and yes, they are very delicious and decadent, and oh so good and fatty.  A great way to start any meal!

* Potato Focaccia - More complimentary stuff to get your palate going, although I found to be just okay, the Husband enjoyed it more. 

* Maine Lobster "bacon-wrapped fritters" ($17) - Skewered lobster with bacon wrapped around, and then deep-fried.  A refreshing dipping sauce to cut the fat!

* Roasted Beets "burrata, walnut oil" ($15) - The fresh Italian cheese, greens, and beets had the three men at my table fighting over the last bits.

* Filet Tartare "american kobe filet, classic garnish, grilled pocket bread" ($21) - Beautifully presented with the rare beef and a raw quail egg resting on top.  Garnishments of mustard, cracked pepper, red onions and the like surrounded it before the waiter artfully mixed it all together and presented it in chilled glass.  So tastefully good, you don't need or want the bread.  

* Shabu Shabu "american kobe beef, mushroom consomme" ($24) - A pot of hot broth took center stage as enoki mushrooms wrapped in beef arrived.  A quick swish and a dip of sauce and into your mouth it goes.

* Angus Beef Cap ($46) - We all ordered this off-menu cut of beef.  I initially wanted it rare, but was dissuaded to have it medium rare instead.  Cutting into my beef, it was more medium and I was saddened.  A quick glance around the table, and I realized my piece was definitely more cooked than most.  Lucky for me, the Husband was willing to switch his piece with mine.  (That act alone makes him a keeper!)  Once I cut into my newly acquired beef, I was enjoying my medium rare slice with everyone else.  

* Mac & Cheese "truffled" ($12) - Yes, it's all that and a bag of chips.  So creamy and good, and not just a hint of the truffle, but it's all over! So yum!  Worth ordering on its own.

* Scalloped Potatoes "caramelized onion & goat cheese" ($12) - The onions give this dish a sweetness that complements the goat cheese and potatoes.  

* Potato Puree Trio "lobster, sour cream & onion, horseradish" ($14) - My personal fave over the other potato dish.  With so many variations of mashed potatoes, how can one not like them.  Very smooth, creamy, and just something you want to eat all to yourself.

* Creamed Corn "jalapeno" - I guess we needed some kind of vegetable to offset our meal.  A slight bit of heat from the pepper and it's more creamy goodness.

* Beignets "Chocolate Pot de Creme, Macallan 18 Year Butterscotch Pudding, Madagascar Vanilla Creme Brulee" - Take a spoon to the crème brulee and forget the beignets, just hog the pot to yourself.  Dipping wise, I liked the chocolate over the butterscotch in this case.

* Coconut Candy Bar "Caramel Ice Cream, Toasted Almonds" ($12) - A very fancy candy bar that's super sweet, and perfect for sharing.

* Cucumber Martini - Surprisingly better than other cucumber martinis out there, good enough that everyone at my table was having one because they are that good.

* Cherry Caiprihana - The Husband enjoyed this signature drink of theirs as well, and the cherry adds a unique taste to the caiprihana.

The service at Strip Steak was probably among the best.  There's a team waiting on you, and they work as a team - with not just clearing dishes, but bringing your orders in and chatting it up with you.  One of the more personal and better customer service experiences I've had in awhile.  Michael Mina obviously knows what he's doing with his food and his staff.  It's no wonder there's a cult following of his restaurants.  They also have restrooms within the restaurant, which is a nice touch. (Most restaurants in the casinos don't have their own restrooms, so you're forced to walk through the casino to use it.)  But there can be a line, which is the downfall of it.

My suggestion is to gather a few friends, and only a few, and share a wonderful meal with them all.  With a party of five or more, it's harder to share the appetizers and sides.  You'll share an intimate culinary adventure with them!

4.5 stars
What normally would have been an impressive steak experience was slighted, just a bit, by the fact that I kept comparing StripSteak with my recent visit to BLT http://www.yelp.com/biz/blt-steak-west-hollywood?q=brian+c  

Most notably was how, like BLT, StripSteak provides an amuse bouche and bread serving complimentary.  I give the edge to StripSteak on the amuse bouche duck fat fries.  They were so good that we were salivating over the un-touched portion that the table next to us didn't finish.  And, although the bread was good, there something more unique about the popovers at BLT.

As for entrees, three of us chose the ribeye ($51 each), which had a good flavor due to the fat content, but made me rethink choosing it over the filet ($54), luckily I got a nice sample of the filet since it's owner couldn't finish it.  Edge to BLT.

Sides.  Edge to StripSteak.  We ordered three to share among the four of use.  Mac N Cheese ($12), Cream Corn ($13), and the Spinach Souffle ($12).  While we felt each was good, the Cream Corn was our least favorite with the Spinach Souffle being my most favorite.  And, we probably could have been fine with two sides since the portion of the sides were much larger in comparison to BLT. 

Three of us had drinks.  The service was attentive.  And, like BLT, since we declined dessert, we were provided with a complimentary treat, which was two small bags of chocolate caramel corn, which was good, but not was good as the pecan treats BLT has.  

I know it's not necessarily fair to compare StripSteak with BLT, but  again I thought about the comparison during dinner.  

I think StripSteak could have done a better job of designing the interior to give you the feel that you weren't inside a Casino, but rather a Michael Mina level restaurant. 

Total, excluding tip, for the four of us was $304.84.
This is a great steakhouse located in Mandalay Bay! We had late reservations, like 9:00PM and were starving and very thirsty at this point. 

To our surprise they brought out some complimentary duck fat fries, which were fantastic. My hubby excused himself to the rest room and by the time he returned I managed to polish off the rest of these addictive lil slices of heaven ; ) 

To get on with it, we both ordered a couple of glasses of wine and shared the tuna, trio of poppers for an appetizer (which was very good). I believe the hubby ordered a bone-in rib eye and I had the salmon because I had steak the previous night...yeah, yeah, I realize its a steakhouse!  My salmon was delish, but the hubbies steak was a lil too done. I told him to send it back, but he opted not too and just ate it instead. We shared the truffled mac & cheese, which was also a delight to eat! I don't remember if we got a dessert or not, but we definitely had another glass of wine. 

Overall, we got out of there just under $250 including tip and I think it was well spent! I loved the ambiance and the whole setup of the restaurant. Food was great, and I would definitely go back!
O-M-G!!  It was just like how it was in the scene from "I Love You Man" where Peter just proposed to his fiance and she is sooo excited that she calls all of her friends to spread the good news of their engagement.  Only, my similar experience occurred when I took my first bite of their complimentary seasoned fries with their special sauces did I realize that it was the beginning of a good thing.  I was impressed that they have manged to perfect french fries with garlic seasoning, bbq seasoning, and regular fries with a crispy outside and a soft center. 

But, it wasn't the fries that had me calling and texting all of my friends and family.  It was when I took the first bite of their special Bone-in 14 oz Filet Mignon that was the taste of perfection.  It was this moment that I realized every filet mignon that I've ever had was a lie because they never gave me the sensation of knowing that I might have just taken a bite out of the best tasting steak.... EVER!!  Our waitress, Rachel, informed us that it was rare for them to have bone-in filet mignon as their specials.  She recommended it over their American Wagyu and 30oz Porterhouse!!!  

Granted that I have never paid $57 for a piece of meat a la carte, but I daresay that it was worth every penny of it!! mMmMm, it was soooo good!!  I can't even describe into words how amazing this steak was, and I am a steak-lover!!  Every new bite of this steak was a surprise because I couldn't believe how amazing it was, and it was a constant reminder of the flavorful amazing taste with each and every bite until the last piece.  

I was a bit disheartened when my steak was near completion, since that meant that I didn't have anymore left... despite how full I was.  Its like reading a really good book and not wanting to reach the last pages because one knew that it would over after those pages.  You didn't want to reach the end of the book since it was soo good, one just wants to keep reading it.... just like how I wanted to keep eating.  It was THAT good!!!  Five stars all the way!!!  

The BF had their prix-fix $45 clam chowder, prime ribs with three sides, and their amazing chocolate beignets!!  The chocolate beignets  (French Donuts) were amazing, but still did not compare to my steak!!   I will definitely need to start saving money just so that I can eat here every time that I am in Vegas!!  I gotta start a Steak Fund!!  Hence the reason that I was calling and texting everyone about the amazingness of this steak, I hope they can submit their donations to me soon. =wink=
I wanted to like this place.  I really, really did.  I wanted to give Michael Mina the benefit of the doubt.  I mean, for the price we're paying, we should be eating the best of the best.  But once again, I was disappointed by Mike.  Sad times.

Don't get me wrong.  The service is beyond excellent.  We were well taken care of and our table was checked in on every ten minutes or so to make sure we were comfortable.

The fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=aA_po75wwNmG17nAJRbA-w) are really, really good.  So good that it may have overshadowed the rest of the dishes.  And, they're free!

The bread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=zfNxS8fv1_fwMvMb9ka8aA) came in an iron skillet of sorts, warm and fresh out of the oven.  Well seasoned and soft.

Skip the lobster fritters (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=4SSJ0mnzE0v1w69Xpmwdag).  It was flavorless.  I didn't taste lobster.  I didn't taste bacon.  I just taste fried dough.  Bleh.

I had the Kansas strip (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=FBhiB59p-kaGZlbKi7adQw).  It's a really intimidating piece of meat, 14 oz in all.  Good thing I took the rest to go and it was still fine the next morning.  The texture was a bit too chewy for my taste...but I would have gotten yelled at if I ordered the prime rib at a steak house.

The 16 oz bone-in rib eye (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=V7XFHkvuJnnrXErP7T0JCw) was good, too.  Maybe even better than the Kansas strip.

The creamed spinach (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pKk7jCFIm96qDdk0laVT2w?select=-kT8S3f8RYyMTk4hpmD-qg) was a good complement to our steaks.

Once again, I just wish the price tag reflects the quality of the dishes.  It does not.
Great start to a night out in Vegas before seeing Lion King at Mandalay. I didn't know they had so many popular restaurants here! I picked Stripsteak because it's Michael Mina and I wanted kobe beef.

The interior is sleek, dark, and modern. I liked the meat on display; kinna like a fancy chinatown bbq. We got seated in the bar area of the restaurant which irked me since I made reservations a 2 weeks in advance, but our server was great. Knowledgable about the menu and answered all our questions in the smallest mini dress you could find. Hey, it's Vegas.

I got the Kobe beef; I can't remember the exact name but it was a mix of different parts of the cow. Amazing and tender and melt in your mouth. The birthday girl got a porterhouse and equally delicious as well.

Wasn't planning on getting side dishes since the duck fat fries were filling, but we ended up getting potatoes au gratin and asparagus. The asparagus had something sweet on top that didn't jive with me. But overall they went very well with the steak.

I told them it was my girlfriend's birthday and I was under the impression they would give us a free birthday dessert with 'happy birthday' written in chocolate, but you have to actually order a dessert for that to happen. Weak.

I think next time I will check out Fleur De Lys or the one with the Mission:Impossible style wine cellar at Mandalay.
This was one of less than a handful of restaurants still open after 10pm when we wanted an after-show bite.  The ambiance seemed sophisticated and inviting, so we gave it a try.  Mind you, we were not intending a full meal so we ordered a couple of appetizers.  The first was a steamed and chilled lobster cocktail for $24.  When the waiter brought it to our table, it was a major disappointment.  On top of a huge mound of crushed ice was HALF of a lobster tail about 3.5" long and ONE claw about the same length.  What happened to the other half and claw #2?  

If I was a waiter, I would be ashame to deliver such a dish!  Worse yet, the taste was very bland and slightly overcooked.  Then it was time for appetizer #2 of triangular cut lettuce about 1.5 inches long and covered with a small portion of minced crab and what-not.  This was their lettuce cup dish of crab, but if the size does not disappoint you, the lack of crab taste cerrtainly will.  The free french fries and skillet bread did not justify the $50 check (tip included)!  

This was my first and LAST experience with StripSteak.  I accept the fact that prices are higher in Las Vegas, but the food lacked taste and was definitely short on quantity.

At least throwing $50 into a slot machine provides entertainment!
Michael Mina has exploded.  Before you know it, he is going to have a restaurant in every major city in the country.  I've eating at several of his other restaurants so I had a good idea of what to expect.  However, this was the first time I've visited his steakhouses.  From a culinary aspect, I've always enjoyed his food.  However, the price you pay for his work tends to eclipse a reasonable number.  I've always left his place enjoying the food but never wanting to go back because I feel like it cost a little more than its worth.  The amount of add-ons you get exceed reasonable.  With that being said, having an expensive restaurant in Vegas is the norm and almost should be expected.  So, with that in mind, my concerns with cost went out the door and that left my taste buds to enjoy every savory bite.  

At a steakhouse, its a standard that I get the bone-in rib eye.  We went to StripSteak on a Thursday night and they sat us close to 11pm, which was great (we arrived at 9:45pm).  I ordered the American Kobe Tartare and it was delicious.  Very flavorful, not to overwhelming and the steak just melted in your mouth.  An excellent appetizer that was prepared table side.  The steak I ordered was medium-rare and it was spot on.  The thickness of the cut is slightly smaller than say a rib eye cut at Delmonico's.  So the edges of the cut were closer to medium than the center which was closer to medium-rare.  The tenderness of the steak was excellent.  An excellent steak that was grilled perfectly.  

A steakhouse should be able to make great steak.  That is the norm.  To make great appetizers at a steakhouse, that isn't necessarily a given.  I think one of the best steakhouses for appetizers and "other" parts of the meal I've experienced was at David Burke's Primehouse in Chicago.  At that steakhouse, it is more than just the steak.  StripSteak is pretty close but still a distant second to David Burke's.  The thing that separates this steakhouse and makes it a four-star on yelp is the scotch selection.  The selection of scotch is extensive and is well worth the visit for any aficionado.  On this night, I visited with a friend that knew scotch more than me and he was surprised at the selection.  

Lastly, this is one of the few steakhouses on the strip that actually serves true Japanese A5 wagyu.  They have two choices, filet and ribeye.  Both Bradley Ogden's in Caesar's Palace and SW steakhouse in the Wynn have a version of the filet and CUT in the Palazzo actually has two choices as well (filet and ribeye).  So this is one of the few amongst many traditional steakhouses.  It does provide more options.

Cons: 
The wine selection by the glass was okay at the time of this review (9/13/09-ish).  I was really hoping that they had some really good bold cabs by the glass but everything that I wanted was by the bottle and the bottle selection, although expansive, was expensive.  As usual, the markup on some of these bottles are way too much.  

I've only been here once so far but I look forward to eating here again.  Nice work Michael, now maybe you can fix your original namesake in Union Square---but I digress.
Sorry this review won't be too useful because I went there a few years back, but I have to put this one review in, just because how good this place is.  We ordered all steak, including two orders of the Kobe Beef (so they called it).  I don't know what they did to the Kobe beef, or maybe IT IS the REAL KOBE beef, because they really had that melt in your mouth beef texture, VERY GOOD! YUM!  StripSteak also have great fries, everyone on my table liked but I don't really remember how it taste like, it's just special, one of the specialty you have to have at this restaurant.  This place is definitely more expensive than most of the steak restaurants in LV, they even tell you it's about $110 per person averagely, but if you are looking to eat at a nice steak restaurant with great steak in Las Vegas regardless of the price, this place is the place to go!  Oh one more thing, don't get the Kobe beef hot pot thingy, it's not worth it, it's good, but not worth it.
A great steak! Nice ambiance and decor. I came hear to eat at one of my favorites "3950" but when MGM bought Mandalay they replaced it with Stripsteak but while apprehensive i finally tried it. Awesome! 
I miss 3950 but I really liked this place. The menu was full of things Ill go back for some day but the Kobe fillet and duck fries were pretty right on. Had the mac n' cheese and some sort of bourbon pudding thing for dessert. It was all without complaint. 
The wait staff was very attractive and very polite. 
Went back to eat there about a year ago and couldn't get a last minute reservation so tried the striphouse.....
Dinner was a fantastic experience. We were seated early. The duck fat fries were awesome! My wife had the Alaskan halibut and I had the filet. We split the mashed potato trio and asparagus. Great experience and hands down excellent service.
To die for!! 
My husband and I tried Strip Steak on a whim and fell in love instantly. I started off with the cucumber martini and was totally impressed with how much I enjoyed this funky cocktail.
Then we moved on to the grilled cheese and tomato soup app, and fell in love. And don't get me started on the prime rib. Words cannot describe the taste of this dish. The only bummer was, that we didn't discover this place the first night!
I never leave vegas without eating at this place.  I have to say this is one of my fav steak places.  The steak may be pricey but it is well worth it PLUS they give you complimentary seasoned fries with special sauces...UBER DELISH =D

fav thing on menu:  8OZ AMERICAN KOBE RIB CAP
So me and the bf checked this out on our recent Vegas trip.  Food was excellent!  The complimentary French fry trio was amazing, each type of French Fry comes with it's own sauce.  The bf had a steak and I had the Salmon.  I don't eat meat but his steak looked pretty good, he certainly seemed to be enjoying it.  My salmon was excellent and the roasted lemon that came with it was perfect to squeeze on the fish.  StripSteak has several side dishes to choose from and we ordered the Mac and Cheese based on our waiters recommendation.  The waiter said this was enough for 2 people, I'd have to say it was enough for at least 4 since we had the fries and entrees.  Dinner was amazing and unfortunatly we skipped dessert.  However we managed to roll back to our room a few places down and recover from our Food Comas.

Also this place is currently has gift certificates on Restaurant.com.  I got a $50 gc a while back when they were doing a 80% off promo and had no problem using this for our meal.
Stripsteak, a steakhouse brought forth by the all-powerful Michael Mina, is rightfully located in the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino as the perfect Sin City restaurant. 

Why do you ask? Stripsteak is a vegetarian and Kosher eater's hell, but to a carnivorous foodie, it is simply the Garden of Eden. It's a place where giant haunches of beef are hung up to age in a wall-to-floor ceiling glass case, not unlike a display at a natural history museum chronicling the stages of decomposition, or rather, the stages to one delicious steak. 

And the food, oh, the food. As I write this, my mind is wandering back to the memories from that deeply satisfying meal. 

First, I had the trio of duck fat fries--each fry was a dream, with a shatteringly crunchy, smoky shell and a fluffy interior. My friends and I fought over the truffled fries and light garlic aioli especially, but the BBQ dusted fries and the original were stellar as well.

And if that wasn't enough, we also ordered their spinach souffle, as an attempt in incorporating some vegetables in our meal. The state-of-the-art souffle was placed on the table by the server with great care as to not deflate the impossibly high, cloud-like confection. Then, he took it to a even higher level by pouring a luxurious Parmesan cream sauce from a dainty saucer. Just as the Fairy Godmother transformed Cinderella into the belle of the ball, Mina transformed the dowdy spinach into a classic French beauty.

But even the beauteous spinach souffle couldn't hold a candle next to the Rib-eye, for that steak has been through rigorous training. First, it begins its epic journey in the aging room, where's it's kept in a moisture and temperature controlled room to slowly mature for a month. The chef then trims the the sides of beef with an expertise not unlike a plastic surgeon to remove all unsightly dried bits and excess fat before portioning it into perfectly formed steaks. The next step is crucial: the steak is then poached in butter. A big no-no in the Kosher community as they forbid the fraternizing of meat and diary, but in my world, a big OH YES. For the finishing touch, the Rib-eye is then charred in their 1,000 degree grill for that deep smoky sear. 

The best part was that the steak came to our table au naturale. With steak this juicy and well-seasoned, there's no need for A-1.

It's impossible to fall into a deep food coma coming out from a meal there, but it's oh so worth it. A definite must-eat destination for my next Vegas trip!
Took my wife there for dinner and ordered the prix fixe menu. The food was Excellent! price is on the higher side but its to be expected since it's a fine dinning joint. Small portions but cooked to perfection. I was able to save up on my dinning using a restuarant.com gift certificate
This place was awesome best steak ever. I had the Kansas strip and il was soo good. Also try the Kobe cap worth every penny just about 74,000 pennys lol. Great place to eat.
Awesome!  Loved the fries cooked in duck fat!  :-)
I'm not going to waste a ton of time going into a verbose explanation of why this place was amazing.  Here are the only bullet points you need to know:

- Complimentary fries (cooked in duck fat) with truffled dipping sauce of the gods
- Dry aged, Wagyu and Kobe beef available
- Truffled mac & cheese (legendary)
- All steaks are cooked by first poaching in butter

Absolutely phenomenal.
Overall, a good dining experience.

I probably would have given this place a 5 if the sides were tastier...

As for the meat, it was excellent.  My friends ordered a bone-in rib eye and a bone-in filet which they thoroughly enjoyed.  Since I'm not much of a steak girl, I ordered the short rib which was delicious!  It was super tender and seasoned perfectly.

The duck fat fries (complimentary) at the beginning of the meal were excellent, but the potato focaccia bread was just okay.  The creamed corn was delicious.  The potato puree trio sounded better than it actually tasted.  I thought the onion rings were just okay as well.

The service was also excellent.  

Grade:  A-
When my friend booked this place over the some of the more well known steak places in Las Vegas I was disappointed but it was his birthday so I couldn't object.   After dining at this place, I would definitely go back for the  steak and their sides.   

All of our steaks (party of six) were cooked just as we requested.   The steaks were seasoned perfectly and cut of meat were top quality.  The trio of fries were excellent.   Their sides were as advertised.  Mac and cheese was very decadent  (tastes even better as it cools off and thinkens) and their mash trio was just as delicious.  

I would have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't for the poor service and awful salads.  I will definitely be back for their food minus the salad.
A friend of mine that I consider a food and wine expert recommended this place to me.  Also, it's a Michael Mina restaurant and I have been to his place in San Francisco and it was excellent. The ambiance is modern and open, but doesn't seem that classy to me.  The service was average.  The Caesar salads my date and I had were flavorless.  My steak was very fatty and expensive too.  The meat that I could eat from it was good.  The creme de brulee dessert was very good.  Overall, I would never go back especially for the price.  The fries they put on the side for free on the table are tasty and the bread is different.  It comes in a skillet and is good.  The aparagus and bake potato sides were like most steak restaurants, expensive and huge, but good.
I have not been to many steak houses in Vegas. After reviewing this steak house on YELP, I decided to give it a go. 

We had a large party of 16 people for my 30th birthday. I called ahead about a week. No problem! They couldn't get us at one large table, but we were seated next to each other along the back wall across from the freezers. I was told this at the time of the reservation. 

The service was excellent. My sister and Parents got a cheap bottle of wine(95 bucks). 

Appetizer of lobster in tempura with some kind of cream sauce was awesome! It comes on a stick (fried) then you dip it in the sauce, pull it off the stick and wrap it in a leaf of lettuce. mmmmmmmmmm. 
We also got the Kobe tart tare. Its different, my pops freaking loved it. 

The main course!! I got the American Kobe (65 bucks) it was grub, super soft 8oz. Mom and brother in-law went for the rib eye. Get it off the prefix menu, Its 55 bucks for anything off the list. If you order the rib eye you pay 10 bucks more and get the same cut you would order of the a la cart! Excellent value!! My wife got a special cut, I don't know if they always have it, it wasn't on the menu.....it should be!! Bone in fillet Mignon!!! IT WAS BETTER THAN MY KOBE i think it was 58 bucks 14 oz with bone. My pops order the standard fillet mignon. Not as tender as the bone in, but excellent. The rest of the group ordered off the prefix, no one complained about the steaks being over cooked. 

SIDES, you only need one side for every 3 people!!! I personally tried a bunch of them and you cant go wrong with any!! Mac and Cheese is the best hands down. The rest are great, spinach, potatoes with caramelized onions were bad ass, peas were freaking unbelievable, they tasted like they were picked an hour ago!! Onion rings, well they were onion rings. 

Deserts were great!! everyone got the doughnuts that come with the prefix. I went for the 12 dollar cheese cake. It tasted like it was twelve bucks!! Caramelized black berries. Enough said! I wobbled back to the casino. 

At the end of the night the bill for my family of 6 was about $700 bucks. 
I am definitely going back there next time I am in Vegas.
Dinner was unbelievable. The restuarant itself is not set up how I would personally like- it seems sparse and tables/settings were plain to the point of feeling cold. All these thoughts melted away, however, when the complimentary duck fat fries arrives. Three uniquely seasoned fries with accompanying sauces. They were perfectly crisp and delicious. I ordered al a carte and has the Foie Gras sliders to start. Great little sliders with a generous amount of sweetness from peach preserves and the foie was perfectly cooked. For my main I had the American wagyu ribeye cap. This steak was fatty and delightful in only the way waguy can be. It blew my mind and while I think of myself as an accomplished steak eater, this 8oz portion was nearly too much. Its richness and lush flavor was enhanced by the way stripsteak cooked it. For a side, we shared their mashed potatoes- three ways. They were extremely rich, but oh so good! 

My better half enjoyed the 3-course predetermined menu. He had no complaints other than his truffled mac and cheese was much too truffle-y, which I agreed. 

Stripsteak is pretty typical Las Vegas steakhouse. No real surprises, but they provide consistent high caliber steaks night after night. The prices are high and there's no way to get around that. If you dine there, I recommend splurging on American kobe. Its not much more expensive than their prime and the steak you will receive will be an experience all in of itself.
This is a fantastic, modern steak-house. I ate here for dinner recently during a visit to Vegas for a friends Birthday. The service here is outstanding---everyone is friendly, helpful, and on the ball. They even gave my friend (the birthday boy) a Birthday note. Additionally, the manager sent me a follow up email the next day to thank my party for the visit! 

On to the meal: we were given two free appetizers---french fries cooked in duck fat, with various dipping sauces, and warm bread with rosemary. Both delicious! I ordered off the pre-fix menu (appetizer, entree and desert for $55) and had the crab soup, rib-eye steak, and creme broule---all delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. The Bday boy had the Kobe burger and also said it was fantastic. My boyfriend had the filet mignon, which he said was great. One of the best parts of the meal was the mac n' cheese the Bday boy ordered as a side dish. I highly recommend ordering this treat---it will be hard to return to that old staple, Kraft, after you have eaten this!! 

Overall: GREAT STEAK, friendly service, beautiful atmosphere!

Tip: I had a restaurant.com $50 gift certificate that we used towards our meal. Restaurant.com often has sales, and gift certs are generally 60-80% off. Thus, I got my $50 gift cert. for $4! Good deal! It really helped lower the cost of the bill, as it is quite an expensive place.
I really wanted to like this place.

My boyfriend and I came here recently on a trip to vegas, and I wanted to dine out at a nice place. This was in our hotel, and, given that we had a $100 resort credit, and I found a restaurant.com $50 voucher, I figured this would be an awesome deal. Great food at a good price.

The service was impeccable. We were seated quickly and our waiter was super attentive. The complimentary trio of duck fat fries was diviiiine, especially the truffle oil fries. We were also given some focaccia bread as well, but we didn't touch it, unfortunately. My boyfriend got their famous Kansas City Strip (voted #1 steak by Esquire magazine) with scalloped potatoes, and I ordered the American Kobe Rib Eye with seared foie gras. My Kobe Rib Eye was cooked just the way I like it on the inside (a delicate red medium rare), but a little too charred on the outside. The foie gras was the same, too charred on the outside, but melt in your mouth amazing otherwise. My boyfriend wasn't so lucky; his Kansas City Strip was overcooked. We were tempted to send it back, but we typically try not to do that too much. We were both very disappointed, as this was their famous dish after all. The scalloped potatoes were well cooked, but too much on the creamy side for our liking. All in all, it was a so-so food experience.

I would say 4.5 stars for service.
2 stars for food.
an overall 3 stars, because we didn't have to pay the full $200 for something that was worth $50
This is a definite non-repeat.
People have always told me the food in Vegas was awesome. I dated a girl who lived in Vegas for a while and never experienced anything like I did when I went to StripSteak, at the Mandalay Bay. 

Quality cuts of meat, waitstaff who knew what they were talking about, and as it's been mentioned: DUCK FAT FRIES!!! These delicious fries came prepared (i.e. seasoned) three different ways with three different sauces. I'm drooling just thinking about those sweet, sweet fries... ((Mmmmghghgh))

My friend and I shared a Porterhouse with some King Crab... It was nearly a religious experience. The steak was so tender, I could've sworn it simply fell apart in my mouth. I've never had such an amazing steak. Don't get me wrong, it hasn't ruined me for other places, like Ruth's Chris or Boa, but it certainly set a very high standard. It needed absolutely no further seasoning and was cooked perfectly. The King Crab, well, it was good, but then again King Crab is fairly consistent from place to place. 

Pricey? Yeah, but well worth the throwdown. I'm glad my friend dragged me here, because she really made an excellent pick - as I ate, there was nowhere else on Earth I'd have rather been.
By far, not the best steak I've ever had, nor the best service.

The place was dead, yet the waiter seemed busy and distracted. We waited about ten minutes before being bought menus, then we had to prod him about the prix fixe menu.  

I had the cucumber martini, husband selected the rock n rye.  He said his drink was pretty good, but mine had a weird sweetish taste to it. Wine list was brought back out before dinner, but the waiter couldn't seem to get the wine out before the entrees.    

We ordered the prix fixe rib eye, and filet, medium rare.  The waiter gushed over the amuse-bouche fries, "special this evening," which I knew wasn't, because of Yelp.  My filet arrived overdone. While my husband's ribeye was nice and juicy, mine was gray and dry.  I had to call the waiter over twice, he talked me out of it once, then after a second bite, I had to convince the waiter to take it back. Then I was brought a second steak - cooked properly, but fatty.  *Sigh* I accepted it. I would've rather had that first one, not overdone.  

Despite the method of "butter poaching" the steak to make it "juicy," my filet was on the dry side.

We had a choice of bibb lettuce salad or crab chowder (go for the salad), sides were a sampling of truffle mac-n-cheese, creamed spinach with bacon (came out cold), and sauteed brussel sprouts (the best), and beniets with chocolate, butterscotch (yum), or creme brulee (okay).

For the price, I guess it's not bad for Vegas, but it isn't a steakhouse I'd visit again.
We had a $50 coupon for this place, and with tax and tip it STILL was $130.00.

Appetizers (soup and salad) were okay.  The 4 different french fries "compliments of the chef" were a nice touch.  The pork cutlet was HUGE and unremarkable.  Mostly, like most of Las Vegas, it was just okay and overpriced.  It even falls down by that usual standard, though, because the ambiance is poor, and service was glacial.
My friends and I decided to try a new restaurant every time we go to Vegas.  We stayed at Mandalay Bay and noticed the prix fix menu for 55$.  I ordered the chowder, Filet +15$ with 3 sides and the Beignet with Creme Brulee.  Wow it was a great deal and it was delicious until I tried my friend Kobe steak.  It kinda ruined my Filet since wasn't as good as the Kobe.   They served Duck Fat Fries that was heaven!!!  

I would definitely go back for the yummy fries and some drinks.
Will wrote more when ready............
I went with my boss and my VP and so automatically I was trying to be on best behavior. I only ordered 1 drink, the usual Jack and Coke which was made well and delivered quickly. All composure was lost however when the food came. The truffle french fries they give you and the beef tartar is excellent. I am actually considering driving there as I type this. We only stayed for a few appetizers but I really wanted to ditch them and just keep eating. I will be back asap.
mMmM i heart this place! 

We started off with oysters and foie gras slider...
Complimentary fries and some sort of baked rosemary bread shortly arrived after! My bf warned me about not to eatting too much of their appetizer because he knew i'll get full off of it, but i couldnt help it, it was sooo good.... 
Oh my glass of dom was newly opened, so that's a plus
As for entree, We shared the ribeye

I would definitely come back the next time i'm in vegas!
Yeah.
This is like last meal type of good.

Duck fat fries were delicious.
Rosemary bread was tasty but greatly overshadowed.

I got the American Kobe filet  with a foie gras bordelaise sauce along with a lobster tail, and the truffled macaroni and cheese.
OMG!   Everything was the best ever.

My man decided to splurge.  He got the A5 Japanese hand massaged Waygu beef filet.
HOLY CRAP!

This didn't even taste like regular steak.  It tasted like this magical whole other thing that comes from a place only inhabitated by unicorns and rainbows!

Alongside my man's fancy steak, he got roasted marrow bones and the mashed potato trio.
My man scooped all the marrow out of the bones and put them on his fancy piece of meat.

For dessert, we got the beignets with creme brulee and chocolate pot du creme dipping sauces.  These were good, but drastically overshadowed by the entrees.

Upon leaving, we were given a bag of carmel-chocolate popcorn.

So yes, next time I want to live it up and drop $400 on one dinner, I'm coming back to this place!
I've been here twice & all I can say is the Kobe Ribcap is UNBELIEVABLY delicious.  I've searched high & low, online, butchers across the country...nobody sells this cut of the Kobe except for a Japanese restaurant in Socal.  Michael Mina is a culinary genious!!  Oh yeah..the duck fat fries were tasty too!!!
My husband and I went to StripSteak during a a recent visit to Las Vegas.

Being a fan of Michael Mina, I was very surprised by this experience.  It felt like a TGIFriday!  The waitstaff appeared to have been on roller skates, given the amount of time they spent with us.  They appeared to always be looking around to see what else was happening while trying to take our order.  And when we asked for the sommelier to make a wine selection, he was there and gone before I looked up from the wine list....  Will not go back.
Saturday January 9, 2010:

This review is pretty much only for the Prix Fixe Menu. Which for the cost of $55 per person is amazing. The ambiance of the restaurant is ultra chic and modern. The place is absolutely packed, even at 9:30 at night. I was pretty surprised at how many people were in the restaurant. But then I realized something, CES is in town, so I would have to say that most of the people in the restaurant were wining and dining buyers and having their companies pick up the tab. lol.

First Course: Blue Crab Clam Chower (for both of us)

Second Course: Organic Chicken and Truffled Mac & Cheese (for my gf)
Second Course: Prime Rib with Truffled Mac & Cheese, Saute Greens & Mixed Greens.

Dessert Course: Beignets with dipping sauces
Okay you can't beat complimentary trio fries and bread. Also at the end, instead of mInts we got some complimentary chocolate Carmel popcorn. Good thing I skipped the bread too cuz the 6oz Waygu (A5 grade for roughly $165) with the trio potato purée was very filling. Moreover their Long Island Ice Tea tastes very good (though not very alcoholic) but their Rockin' Rye (? Orange drink) tastes superb and has a nice kick for a whiskey mix.  Also if you are into red wines the Hirsch Cuvee for Michael Mina Pinot Noi is a superb red wine to go with your selection of steak ($25).  Moreover the service was superb and very helpful when ordering.  I will definitely come back to this place again.
The Truffle Macaroni & Cheese and Potatoes Au Gratin are nothing short of amazing. If I were on death row and had to choose a last meal, it would be from here.
Been a couple of times.  In a city with too many steakhouses, this is one of the better ones.  Love the trio of fries.  The sides really set this place apart from other steakhouses.  You can't go wrong with the goat cheese scalloped potatoes & mac & cheese sides.
Atmosphere is loud, but nice. We chose the filet and bone-in rib eye. We also ordered prawns and a Caesar to start, and potato cakes and onion medley as sides.

An onion focaccia was brought to our table along with our drinks. It was delicious. We devoured it while waiting for our appetizers. The prawns were excellent, and the salad was decent. Next, we received complimentary duck fat fries; three kinds were served each with their own dipping sauce: herb fries paired with ketchup, truffle fries served with truffle aioli, and BBQ sauce accompanied the paprika fries. We didn't care for the sauces, but the fries were tasty. Additional bread was delivered, but we maintained restraint as we didn't want to spoil our appetite before our entrees arrived.

The steaks were prepared to order. A tad dry, but great nonetheless. The potato cakes were excellent and the onion medley was quite good, as well. Who knew there were so many varieties of onions? We were much too full to try dessert, so we passed, but they sent us home with a bag of fiddle-faddle. All in all, it was a great dinner. The meal was $177 before tip.
We ended up at dinner at StripSteak on Saturday night because of the Yelp reviews (thanks for not steering us wrong!), prix fixe menu options, and because StripSteak accepts restaurant.com gift certificates (we got a $50 gc for $6). When I made the reservation, I mentioned we would be celebrating a friend's birthday - while this didn't result in a free dessert, there was a card on the table when we sat down reading "Happy birthday" (handwritten).

Here is what we had:

*Duck fat fries with trio of dipping sauces (complimentary) - seriously we could have stopped here because they were really really freaking delicious. All four of us loved the truffle aioli dipping sauce the best.
*Rosemary bread (complimentary) - soft and very good, but perhaps a little unncessary because of the fries
*Maryland blue crab chowder - course 1 of the prix fixe for 2 of the 4
*Bibb Wedge salad - my prix fixe first course. It was the perfect size and had a good blue cheese flavor without entirely overpowering the whole dish.
*Ribeye - course 2 of the prix fixe for two of the four of my group
*Organic half chicken - my entree. The chicken was cooked to perfection, the truffle mac and cheese the chicken sat on was the perfect side, and the onion au jus gave the entire dish a good flavor.
*Potato puree trio - order this for the lobster mash alone. You will thank me.
*Beignets - 2 of us got the chocolate pot de creme and one got the creme brulee. The beignets were a good, light dessert to end an indulgent meal.

Service was outstanding. Our waitress was phenomenal - super friendly, helpful, and the right amount of attentive. Prices are what you would expect to pay at a good, upscale, fine dining restaurant. Our bill after using the $50 gc came to $313. It was worth every single penny.  I highly recommend checking out StripSteak when in Vegas.
Had a blast at StripSteak.  Heard about it by chance, but ended up going there.  Very modern look for those who care about the atmosphere.  It get's busy pretty quickly too, so if you're thinking about going and there's an opening - take it. 
First off, their appetizer  fries are amazing.  But if you want to up the ante - get the foccacia bread.  It's insanely good.  We had a party of 5 (ha ha) and shared most of what we got.  Scallops weren't as good as I had hoped for, but everything else was amazing.  Also recommend the Mac & Cheese for anyone who's a fan.  Drinks were nice and stiff too.  They take care of you there.
My bf made reservations for us here during my long stay in Vegas for work during CES this year. We ordered off the Prix Fixe menu. I ordered the blue crab clam chowder as the 1st course (so did he) and all I can say is Mmmm mmmm hot damn GOOD! My 2nd course was the organic chicken with truffled mac & cheese...holy shit was that BOMB!!! And for dessert...amazing, delectable beignets with creme brulee. OMFG! I almost died and went to heaven when I took a bite into one of those...wowzers! I also forgot to mention before our 1st course came out we got complimentary fries with amazing dipping sauces from the chef...soooo YUM! When I'm back in Vegas, I most definitely want to grub here again :D
The  bone in ribeye is good but not as big as other steakhouses. I had the trio of fries and the truffle sauce was very good. The wine selection was awesome. The free range chicken was ok. The lounge menu is way better than the dinner menu. The service was just ok, not great. Nice place but I would not place it on my top five steak houses. 

PS
quite expensive and you do not get value for your money.
I really enjoyed this place a lot.  Excellent quality food, remarkable service and while the prices were definitely Vegas-style (read: higher than usual) I still feel like I got my money's worth.

Atmosphere is nice, up-scale, and very open.  You get a nice little view of the kitchen without it being a spectacle.  As I said the service was excellent.  The sommelier was friendly and helpful, and just added to the experience.  Our waiter was attentive, friendly, sociable and just helped make the meal that much better.

They start things off with some french fries that are cooked in duck fat.  They were light, crispy and very tasty.  You get three varieties which I believe were garlic herb, truffle and chipotle each paired with dipping sauces.  It's nice to see a restaurant take something simple and class it up a bit.

For an appetizer I had the bacon-wrapped lobster fritters.  I already knew that bacon makes everything taste better but I didn't know it could make lobster taste that much better.

My date had the spinach souffle with parmesan cream which she absolutely loved.  I had the bone-in rib-eye which was absolutely excellent.  The steaks here a first poached in butter and then cooked over a wood-burning grill.  I hadn't had steak prepared in this manner before but it was excellent, one of the more memorable steaks I've ever had.

Big thumbs up for this place.
If you're like my husband and I, you LOVE comfort food. Creamy goat cheese and caramelized onion scalloped potatoes? Duck fat fries with truffle cream? Creamed spinach infused with bacon? If you're salivating already, Stripsteak is the place for you.

We made reservations for a Friday through the concierge at the Mandalay Bay (the StripSteak website said they were booked) but we were able to get an 8:30pm table for two the day of. The restaurant is located on "restaurant row" of the Mandalay in-between the casino and convention center. We arrived right on time for our reservation were seated right by the window. I recommend doing the same because it's perfect for people watching since everyone LOVES to stop and fondle the giant marble breasts across the way. (Ridiculously funny.)

To start things off, I ordered a Patron Margarita and Russ ordered a man-tini. We went to work pouring over the menu. We quickly discovered it was perfect for anyone who loves modern american comfort food.  As soon as we sat down our (extremely nice and helpful) waiter brought us out a complimentary order of Duck Fat fries - which we were happy to munch on while we made our decision.

Spend your money wisely and invest in the $60 Kobe Rib Cab which was the best cut of steak I've had in a VERY long time.  It's 8ozs of deliciousness. I got mine medium and am happy to report it was juicy, full-flavored, and melt-in-your-mouth good. Russ's Porterhouse was also extremely tasty, but if you're willing to pay more for the quality - go for the Kobe beef selection. It was unreal and worth every $5 bite.

For dessert, we ordered the Milk Chocolate mousse which was the perfect way to end our meal. It was sweet and smooth, but not too heavy  -- we left feeling happy and full.  I asked the bartender to prepare me a special desert cocktail that would go with our desert and he made a delicious chocolate raspberry martini that I rocked till the last drop.

To those of you reading this on your Yelp app deciding what to do for dinner tonight or later this week on the Strip, look no further.

I *Highly* recommend this one especially if you love warm, delicious comfort food that actually tastes amazing.
Fries fried in duck fat. Truffle dipping sauce. Seared foie gras. Steak cooked to perfection. Truffle mac and cheese. Butterscotch made with Macallan!!!

oh.my.god. StripSteak is so good. Orgasmically good.

The restaurant atmosphere is upscale and chic. Prices are high, but it's Vegas, what do you expect? The food and the experience are well worth the price. If you stay at Mandalay Bay, make sure that your room reservation comes with a resort credit. Then you can spend it all on a fabulous dinner at StripSteak. You will be so happy that you did.
A huge disappointment in almost every way.

The room is laid out like a cafeteria: cold...hard...tinny acoustics....wooden tables.

The bone-in rib-eye I had was expensive and had the consistency of an Arby's sirloin (never been there but I can't imagine it's good).

The wines by the glass are way overpriced.

The complimentary duck fries come out so early that they're cold by the time the steaks arrive.

The only memorable thing is the pan-baked bread.

This is possibly the worst steak place I've been to in Las Vegas. That tacky joint at Circus Circus is better.

I'm going to have go have a rib-eye at Envy just to make me forget this experience!
I have mixed feelings about this place.  For a place called Stripsteak, is it supposed to shine for the dishes that were non-Steak?  I went shamalamadingdong over the duck fat fries and truffled mac and cheese, but how can our steaks that we made at home the following night shine over the Stripsteak steaks?!  Huh?  Allow me to illustrate....

1.  Trio of Duck Fat Fries - These were mutha beepin' good!  Loved the bbq flavor fries.  Loved the garlic flavor fries, and most of all, I mutho beepin' loved the truffle fries.  These blows Envy Steakhouse's out of the water (not that ENVY had a chance with their truffle fries anyway).  Let me just call these my Crack Fries.
2.  Sashimi (albacore, bigeye, blue fin toro) - The worst decision ever.  We were greedy and thought that "Hey, we're at an expensive restaurant.  It has to be good right?"  Boy, were we wrong!  The albacore was icy?  WTF?  The tuna was fishy.  AND.  AND!  The toro was so fibrousy.
2.  Bibb Wedge (Salad) - Standard blue cheese, iceberg and bacon.  Yum.
3.  American Kobe Ribeye - Good but not juicy.  (Del Frisco's and N9NE still win)
4.  Slow Poached Prime Rib - Not juicy, not super tender.  *tear
5.  Truffled Macaroni and Cheese!  - Another mutha beepin' good one.  Trufffleeee.... *pump fist.

Conclusion:  I beepin' loved the fries and mac n cheese.  I will dream of them.  However, the steaks, I will not have, again.  I say save yourself the disappointment, don't go to stripsteak and make it yourself.  I gave them only 3 stars because of the disappointing steaks.
Ummm ... no ... not worth the money. American Kobe is not Kobe! Not even close! Obviously, I'm making a huge $ difference comparison here, but I was just extremely disappointed! I can make a better steak myself. I've had a better steak at Cattlemens' . I've probably had a better steak at Applebee's! Maybe not. Anyways, I ordered the American Kobe ribeye. I wish the waitress told me that it didn't include the rib cut. That was so, so disappointing! I couldn't believe it! $64 for a rough piece of meat. Cooked medium rare, but still damn tough. On the brighter side, the fries were good. The spinach was good. The maitake mushrooms were really good. I wouldn't spend the money there again. At least not for the American Kobe steak.
Michael Mina is one of my favorite chefs.  His food quality, presentation and service standards are awesome.  Try the American Kobe Rib-eye.  I also love the Duck Fat Fries (which are served to everyone as in an Amuse Bouche), the Truffle Mac and Cheese.  And the desserts are soooo good.  Try the Beignets with Creme Brulee.
This was an amazingly great dining experience at Stripsteak. The $55 prix fixe menu is definitely worth trying. 

Complimentary:
Trio of Duck fat fries (I'm not particularly excited for fries but I have got to say the 3 different flavors were something I've never tried before)

Appetizer:
Maryland Blue Crab Chowder: Chowda!! - ample servings of crab

Entree:
Slow-Poached Prime Rib of Beef: ordered medium rare but came out a bit more cooked than I liked. It was not as juicy as what I expected prime rib to be but nonetheless still very tasty. 

Bone-in Rib eye: huge huge 18 oz slab of meat (an added $10 under the prix fixe menu)

Sides: All sides were so hearty, this included: Bacon-creamed spinach and mac & cheese (great but I normally don't indulge in such types of food)

Desert:
Michael's Root Beer Float: yummy! The chocolate chip cookies served on the side were way too sweet. 

It was Valentine's Day so the restaurant also provided all diners complimentary caramel popcorn in a cute small bag to go along with some love tonic as the waitress explained (don't ask me, I have no idea what it is).
This place is just as awesome as everyone reviews! ! It's classy, great good, AND great priced even in vegas! My friend and i did the $55 per head prix fix menu - and everything was amazing!

We started off with a martini each - i got the pomegranate and my friend got the cucumber martini. Both were great choices.

Complimentary Appetizers: Trio of duck fat fries - the truffle scented is my fav! each come with a matched sauce that were soooo good.  PLUS this amazing buttery foccaia like bread served on a hot skillet! I was getting full just from the comp appetizers

1st Course: Maryland Blue Crab Chowder | Bacon Lardon, Parsnip. AMAZING! one of the best chowders i've ever had, huge pieces of crab soaking in chowder goodness!

Main Course: we each got diff ones so we can try each others - Half Organic Chicken | Truffled Mac & Cheese, Caramelized Onion Jus and 
Slow-Poached Prime Rib of Beef | plus Seasonal Side Dishes including Bacon-creamed spinach and mac & cheese. Everything was cooked perfectly and huge portions

Dessert: Michael's Root Beer Float | Sassafras Ice Cream with Cookies.. we were both soo stuffed that we barely could finish all the food.

And to top it off -- they take restaurant.com gc! we ordered a $50 gc for $10!  Definitely stop by this place next time you're in vegas!
Excellent food, service and fun atmosphere.  The complimentary trio of duck fat fries are amazing - that could have been my entire meal.  They came out hot and crispy and were accompanied by three tasty sauces.  We ordered the fried whole chicken (must be for two) - yes, chicken at a steak house...it was very tender and not oily at all.  (Cholesterol levels prevent me from ordering red meat very often)
Chocolatini was good - just the right amount of creme.  Coffee came out hot and replenished often.
You know it was a good meal when over a month later you can still recall it in detail.

The Decor was very modern, I especially liked the large cup style chairs we sat in, very comfortable.

They had an extensive winelist but I just felt like drinking beer so I had a few Newcastles.  

They start your experience by bringing out their duck fat fries with their special dipping sauces.  The duck fat fries alone are enough reason to come here.

I ordered off the prix fixe menu, and got the maryland crab chowder with a 16 oz rib eye with truffle mac n cheese and bacon creamed spinach.

the soup was good, very fresh seafood,
the Rib eye was amazing and I was so happy to not pay $50+ for a non-petite portion. the truffle mac n cheese was really good, I just wish it had a larger portion, and so was the spinach.

the big hit was the mashed potato trio that my friend ordered, Horseradish mash, garlic mash and lobster mash, the big hit was definitely the lobster mash, the bowl was being scraped.

for dessert we had beignets that were deliciously flaky and served with various dips,  I had creme brulee, but I believe there were some chocolate variations as well.

All in all an amazing meal, I hope to make it back sometime.
This place gets 5 stars for impeccable service.  It lost a star for the wagyu rib cap steak.  I've had wagyu multiple times before and I'm still trying to figure out how they won best steak in Esquire.  It was over seasoned and chewy - someone else had the Kansas steak and that was executed much better.

The duck fat french fries were divine, as was the mac and cheese with truffle.  However, it does get overwhelming.  I LOVE truffles, but even I had to call it quits at this restaurant.

The noise level is extremely high, I am sure it is just the way Mandalay Bay is constructed.  Not a place for an intimate dinner.

However, let me wax lyric about the service.  Seamless, attentive and understated.  All the wait staff helped each other and my water glass was never once less than 1/2 full.  You do not notice the wait staff.  They are there immediately when you need something but totally unobtrusive.  Excellent!
My wife and I just had dinner here for my Birthday and I just gotta say:  Oh my GAWD!!!   This place absolutely rocks!

We both shared the Foie Gras Sliders as an appetizer.   Now think about that for a second... What psychotic and degenerate soul would think of making sliders with Foie Gras?   Well, apparently Michael Mina would, and they totally rock!   

We then proceeded to share a Kobe beef Rib Eye and some scallops.   For sides, we got the Mac & Cheese, the spinach souffle, and the trio of mashed potatoes.

Let's just say that I was fondling the Mac & Cheese, drooling, while looking at my wife in very suggestive ways.   She got embarassed and I just got off...  No, really.  The Mac & Cheese totally rocks.   The richness of the cheese is cut with the acidity of the truffle oil, and the result is a masterpiece.  Bravo!

The kobe steak was pretty good, though not great.   The scallops, though, were absolutely tender and beautifully prepared.    The mashed potatoes, too, were beautifully prepared.    The spinach souffle, while nicely presented, didn't leave a lasting memory.   Still, it tasted good enough that it deserves a honorable mention.

The sommelier was also absolutely stunning.   We ordered a bottle of Paraduxx Zinfandel.   They were out, and the sommelier recommended a bottle by B Cellars instead, slightly cheaper.   Well, it was a stellar wine, and it was nice that we didn't feel like he tried to upsell us.   Absolutely stunning.

A wonderful experience.   I look forward to visiting Michael Mina's other restaurants!
Wow, what a delicious meal.  It certainly tops my list of favorites. 

I wanted to take away a half a star because I didn't fall in love with the ambiance, but our table next to the glass wall made for EXCELLENT people watching so I'm keeping it at a solid 5 stars. 

Our meal started off with their complimentary trio of duck fat fries.  Seriously?  Duck fat fries?  Oh yeah and boy were they delicious.   The trio consisted of regular salted/herbed with ketchup, truffled with a truffle dipping sauce and paprika with a house made bbq sauce.  The paprika were my favorite.  The potato focaccia bread came out in its own cast iron skillet.   My fingers glistened with oil after my first piece.  And  yes, that was a good thing. 

We ordered the 18 oz. bone-in rib eye and the 10 oz. filet and all I can say is WOW.  Both were cooked absolutely perfect and the taste was amazing.  The flavor of the rib eye was out of this world and the filet was deliciously tender.  

Our side dishes were brussels sprouts with bacon (trust me ... you've NEVER had brussels sprouts like this before) and the trio of mashed potatoes -- horseradish, lobster and sour cream & onion.  

We skipped dessert simply because we had no more room in our tummies.

This meal absolutely earned every single calorie.
I just came back from Stripsteak and I am soooooooo satisfied.
We ordered the Maryland crab chowder, rib eye steak, truffled mac and cheese and creamed spinach with bacon.

First of all, when you sit down, they give you a trio of duck fat fries with three different types of dipping sauces and this incredible foccacia bread.

The fries and bread alone made the meal great.  The crab chowder was tasty......good and satisfying but not outstanding.  The steak was full of intense flavor and melted in my mouth bite after bite.....so goooood!

The truffled mac and cheese and spinach were perfect compliments with my steak.

Lastly, the ambience is so hot, trendy and sexy that I would not mind getting a bj as I eat my meat!
 
OUTFUCKINGSTANDING................MEAL now I am back in my hotel ready for some f.........cking to end this great night.......I love Vegas and Iove Michael Mina!
Stripsteak is a really nice restaurant. Not my favorite steakhouse but it was definitely an enjoyable dining experience.

The decor was beautiful and modern. I almost felt like I was in a night club. This also means that there was music blasting throughout the restaurant. It was a little difficult to hear. My wife and i sat against the wall where they had a nice couch style bench and nice intimate tables for two.

Service was excellent though the waitresses in the short short skirts and low low blouses weren't necessary. The other serving staff members really looked nice and presentable. Even the manager got his hands wet by helping clear tables and attending to us when we had a question and our server was no where to be found.

We ordered from the Prix Fixe menu (three courses):
Both of us ordered the same appetizer and dessert. While we chose our own cuts of meat... One prix fixe was $55 and the other $65

Appetizer - Maryland Blue Crab Chowder
Entrees - Prime rib ($55) & Rib Eye ($65) both Angus beef
Dessert - Root beer floats w. chocolate chip cookies

We also ordered a side of mushrooms to share.

Everything was delicious. The chowder was different and interesting, a good start to dinner. The meat was good though a little tough considering the price. The rib eye was huge (18oz), I would opt for the prime rib next time. The root beer floats were okay... the sorbet was icy as you can imagine. The cookies included pistachios which we did not touch due to allergies (it would've been nice if the manager went out of his way to have cookies made w/o nuts for us).

The mushrooms were excellent and a very good serving size for two people. They were often over-powering the steak flavor though. The best part of dinner I thought was the three small sides that came with the steak: truffled mac n cheese, brussel sprouts, and creamed spinach. The brussel sprouts were amazing!

All in all, our dining experience was good. I would return to this restaurant and try something else on the menu anytime!
Vegas never fails...and the concierge at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay deserves a raise after recommending this restaurant. My mom was having a craving for Prime Rib and Strip Steak was where we were told we had to have it! 

We arrived promptly for our reservations at 10pm. I was already on a happy high from seeing the Jersey Boys (best show on Earth) but wasn't as hungry as I thought. They gave us complimentary duck fries (amazing) so after I was done eating those, I knew that I didn't want a big meal. My mom ended up having the Prime Rib...which reminded more of a Filet Mignon. It was cooked to perfection. And she also ordered onion rings...which I couldn't stop gobbling up. (Yes I was eating off her plate...but she allowed me to. In fact, we ended up splitting the meal and they didn't charge us for an extra plate.) I ended up ordering 1/2 dozen oysters (can't get off this oyster kick) which were just as amazing as the ones I had the night prior at the Aria. Top that off with the best vodka and tonic (I was drunk after one....) I was in heaven. 
StripSteak was the best way to end such a memorable night. Can't wait to go back.
We had reservations here.
They made us wait 10 minutes before they walked us into the restaurant.
Then they walked us back out saying that our table wasn't ready, when there were at least 4 open tables!
Then we waited 10 MORE minutes, only to be seated by the kitchen hall.
Besides the unsatisfying beginning, everything else was extremely good.

Recommendations:
- American Kobe Rib
- Filet Mignon
- Mac & Cheese
- Scalloped Potatoes

Pros:
- Very good food
- Good quality meat
- Very good service from our waiter

Cons:
- Pricey, but you get what you pay for.  :)
I love this place. While it's true its just another fancy steakhouse and those can get old, it was nicely done. I loved the decor and the food was fabulous. The spice mix on my steak was truly delicious. Go in dressed to the hilt, or wearing jeans, no one cares. Fairly impressive wine list. I hope to go back next time I'm in LAS.
There were two truly spectacular things about this place:

American Kobe Rib CAP
Scalloped potatoes with onions & goat cheese

I came equipped with the 50$ off 100$ g/c from restaurant.com, 18% gratuity added beforehand, of course.  The service was spectacular and the extras (potato bread, super greasy but super tasty; duck fat fries w/ dipping sauces) were a nice touch.  The duck fat fries just didn't live up to the hype - the truffle aioli did however.  

The dry-aged bone-in ribeye was just OK though.  HUGE portion (very little weight was bone, surprisingly.)  But it just wasn't eye-closing good.  I wanted to like this place more, I really did.  Oh but we got comped cover into Mix lounge with dinner!
Shout out to my Yelpers for recommending this place! We were staying at Mandalay Bay for the night, there for the Silversun Pickups/Muse concert (awesome, by the way) later that night so we made reservations for StripSteak. 

Yes, the duck fat fries were very good. I preferred the truffle oil fries, the others didn't seem all that different than regular seasoned fries to be honest. I absolutely loved the richness of the potato focccacia bread. For appetizers we went with crab louie with avocado lettuce cups and the lobster, bacon-wrapped fritters. The crab cups were so fresh and came with a great spicy sauce...very refreshing and bite sized (especially after the heavy amuse).  The lobster fritters were served on a stick and came with a great, light, almost frothy lemon dipping sauce to roll into the lettuce. Again, light and refreshing, especially for something that was fried. 

What was not light was the rest of the meal. I ordered the ahi, seared rare, very delicious and well seasoned for not being blackened. Sides were truffle mac and cheese and bacon creamed spinach. To die for! I am not a mac and cheese person, but figured I'd give it a try, and love it! I was so upset with myself for filling up and not being able to finish everything! I really tried so hard. My date got the prime rib, which he enjoyed as well. 

I wish I could review a dessert here, but no room left in the tummy. Great combination of having a nice dinner without being frou-frou on the food or portions. If you're in Vegas, it's a must-do!
My buddy and I were hungry the other night... we wanted a sit down place to kill some time before hitting the clubs, but we didn't want to spend too much.  I also wanted to eat something healthy.  Strip Steak didn't originally meet our requirements, but with a coupon from restaurant.com, it did.

We got last minute reservations on a Saturday night for 9:30pm, which was lucky because the place was packed!  Muse was playing the arena nearby so there was a huge rush before we arrived.  I had the ahi tuna and my buddy had the salmon.  Each was around $40, but with the coupon, it came out to about $46 after tax and tip.  Not a bad price for Strip Steak!

We definitely felt like fools not ordering steak here, but oh well, that's what we were in the mood for.  I'm already promising myself that I'm going to go back for a steak.
Wow... where do I start? The fries... yum. The truffle oil ones are the best. There are sauces, but for these fries, sauce is not required. I had a filet that was excellent. I have had better, but on a 1-10 scale, it was a 8.5. The truffle macaroni & cheese is a wonderful accent. When in season, they have a fantastic corn side dish as well. For me, the highlight of all three evenings I've eaten here was the scalloped potatoes with goat cheese and carmelized onions. All I have to say is OMG! This could be an entree. Unreal. I want to cry thinking about it. On a 1-10, this dish for me was a 9.5 (10 doesn't exist). Finally... another chart topper, the Beignets! Wow! They are served warm and they have two sauces with them... a butterscotch (amazing), a creme brulee (pretty good), and my favorite, the chocolate (which sadly they for some reason no longer serve - crazy!) Overall, an amazing experience every time.
For the ADHD afflicted: Good food, AMAZING staff. EAT HERE.

For those wanting a story/review- 

I wanted to take my wife to dinner for her birthday. Get this, I was able to remember her birthday, I remembered to make reservations AND I had my suit clean in the closet!  This Ladies and Gentlemen is my personal trifecta.  

We walked into Mandy Bay and were greeted by the uber  friendly hostess.  With the dress she was wearing I'm surprised there wasn't a brass pole nearby. My icy cool composure kept my wife from throwing a Krav Maga style elbow to my head. But regardless, the male portion of my brain registered Awesome.(That was possibly an inapproriate thought on a special occasion. I sowwy) Anyhow,  We ended up with the most amazing romantic table in the back of the restaurant, tucked away and quiet.  

Our busser was quick to come by to get our drink orders and our waiter was close behind with the specials of the evening.  We ordered the filet and ribeye with the mac & cheese and spinach soufflé.  A Few minutes go by and the free wickedly good fries showed up.  BAZINGA! I ended up having to go the little boys room and upon my return I was stopped dead in my tracks by the death gaze from my wife. I mean laser beams, ears with steam coming out of them, the works! 
I looked around and now sat next to us was a table full of screaming satan's spawn. 6 of them and the parents. AT STRIPSTEAK? ARE YOU F'ing SERIOUS?  
The death stare got the attention of the waiter who looked over and said we will get you another table:) As he turned, all of our food was coming out. He told the other waiters that we were moving and the food went back.  A few short minutes later we were in our new quiet serene home and the food arrived perfectly. The wait staff and management was amazing. Even if the food was craptastic I'd still come back because of how great they were to us. 
We both enjoyed our steaks, which were seasoned perfectly and very tender but I still prefer N9ne or Brand for my carnivorous tastebuds. The sides were amazing, the Sommelier was on the money and place was just great. We will certainly be back and we will add it to our nom nom rotation. 

Eat here, you won't be disappointed.
A definite place to make a reservation if you are staying at Mandalay Bay.  We enjoyed our meal and the waitstaff was the absolute best.  Totally unpretentious and enjoyable meal.  The trio of duck fat fries were awesome along with the sauces.  I made the mistake of saying to my husband "that sauce is good, what it it?"  he replied, "ketchup."  Oops.  

I ordered the Colorado lamb which was tender and cooked/grilled perfectly.  I devoured everything.  We also had a side of brussel sprouts with bacon and creamed spinach.  

Even though we were absolutely stuffed we decided to split a dessert, beignets with butterscotch pudding.  Soooo goood.  Can't wait to try Mina's other restaurants, Seablue looks really good.
Stripsteak is AMAZING.  We got a $50 gift card from restaurants.com (for 25 bucks) and when we got there we got the prix fix menu.  When we sat down, they give you a complimentary trio of duck fat fries with 3 different dipping sauces...ok these were DELISH...probably the best french fries I've ever eaten.  Then I chose to get the salad---which was fresh and good---my bf got the crab soup....very good (the crab taste is very subtle and not overwhelming).  Then the steaks came out...it was cooked to perfection and seasoned to perfection.  The steaks were pretty large compared to other steakhouses I've been to----Ruth Chris, Flemings, Mortons, Houstons.  The sides come in small dishes (we got the truffle mac and cheese and broccoli)...delish!  The sides are very small...but very good.  The service was slow...but hey, we were in Vegas....not in a huge rush to get anywhere.  The decor is nice and modern and sleek.  Stainless steel everything.  This place is expensive-----so I recommend going to Restaurants.com and getting the coupon first.
On my most recent trip to Vegas, I made StripSteak my steakhouse to try.  I've been to Delmonicos, Charlie Palmers, and CUT which were all way better then StripSteak.

First off the restaurant has a hip and modern feel.  The one thing I noticed that I really didn't like was how crowded the room is.  The tables are basically one on top of another, not much spacing at all.  On to the food.

First came the Trio of Duck Fat Fries.  I was looking forward to the them but came out underwhelmed.  They tasted like french fries.  They were good fries but did not understand all the hype.  Next I ordered the crab cake appetizer.  2 pcs filled with dungeness crab fried up like a hush puppy.. It was decent but nothing spectacular.  I found too many shell fragments in the crab cake.  Maryland style crab cakes are way better.  For the main course I ordered the 6 oz Japanese A5 NY Strip, grillled Foie Gras, and Truffled Mac & Cheese.  The steak was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth.  It came with a Yuzu dipping sauce on the side which added nothing to the steak.  The one thing I didn't like was that it was way over seasoned. (for a $185 piece of meat it should be perfect)  The foie was good not great.  The mac & cheese was pretty good.  With all the components being so rich, I didn't have room for dessert.

Service was decent.  I was not offered the potato foccacia bread.  Not sure if this was because I was solo but I didn't make a fuss about it because I honestly wasn't as hungry as I wanted to be because of brunch earlier in the day.  This was my first time at a Michael Mina restaurant and I came away unimpressed.  I'll try another one of his restaurants before passing final judgment but this is probably the one and only time I'll eat at StripSteak
The reason for me coming here.....the how now brown cow...was the least impressive part of the meal. I got the $64 wagyu rib eye...and that did not taste like wagyu beef at all....the wagyu I had at Craftsteak last year was way more tender and delicious. The add on of bone marrow was lame also...hardly any for $15. The spinach souffle side was good, the tuna poopers....I mean, poppers...were good, the beignets and creme brulee for dessert were...good....getting the idea here?....everything was alright, not outstanding. Oh, and the duck fat fries were good too. Again, not as great a I thought they would be. The focaccia was way too greasy. service and atmosphere were great, but when those things overshadow the food..not a good thing. There are too many other steak places to try in Vegas to warrant returning here. Then again, I might just as well go back to Craftsteak.
Few things satisfy one's appetite in such a primal way as steak. And few chefs are as innovative with food as Michael Mina. So when searching for a place with an innovative approach to steak, StripSteak should have been a no brainer, right?

As it turned out, StripSteak was a bit of a letdown. The reason, however, is a little hard to pin down. Suffice it to say that I found the restaurant both overwhelming and underwhelming.

What was overwhelming were the ways in which they attempted to "bribe" you into loving the restaurant. This begins the second you sit down, when they parade out to your table a Trio of Duck Fat Fries. Now who can resist duck fat fries? Clearly I was being manipulated here, and the truffle oil fries did just that. That said, because they bring them out to every table, while lying in wait for their next victim, the fries don't come out as hot and fresh as they could be. In addition to the fries, they also bring out to your table a cast iron pan of potato focaccia bread, which was delicious but dense. All this before even getting our appetizers!

For our meal, we both opted for the prix fixe menu, which is a fair deal at $55.

1st Course

Maryland Blue Crab Chowder | Bacon Lardon, Parsnip -- Intense crab flavor but a little watery. Not my favorite.

Bibb Wedge | Avocado, Bacon, Oregon Smokey Blue  -- Good flavor, but I felt like I have had this before. Surprisingly staid for Michael Mina. In fact, both these dishes were really underwhelming.

2nd Course

Slow-Poached Prime Rib of Beef | Select Seasonal Side Dishes -- The meat was well cooked, but honestly, I have made better prime rib at home. The side dishes consisted of a wonderful brussels sprouts slaw, a predictable truffled mac and cheese, and an insipid creamed spinach.

Dry-Aged Bone-In Ribeye ($10 surcharge) -- This was delicious, perfectly cooked, and full of flavor. Now this is the reason that one comes to a steakhouse, not for all the distractions and bribes. And this is the reason I brought the 2006 Scarecrow Cabernet Sauvignon ($35 corkage), which paired perfectly with the meat.

3rd Course

Michael's Root Beer Float | Sassafras Ice Cream, Chocolate Chip Cookies  -- Pure yum! I could have had a pitcher of this.

Finally, as if this wasn't enough, before you leave and write your Yelp review, they present you with a bag of Chocolate Almond Brittle. Again, a bribe.

The service was for the most friendly and unpretentious, with the exception of the person who came to open and decant our wine (I don't think he was the somm). He seemed a little snotty and did not smile at all.

So would I come back again? Probably not, but I did enjoy some aspects of our meal. The next time I'm in Las Vegas and want to do a Michael Mina restaurant, I'll head to Nobhill Tavern instead.
This restaurant is a bit pricey but worth every dollar. This place is totally awesome. Dinner started with Fat trio french fries are cool are very tasty. It was very hard to decide what to get it was between slow pouch prime rib or the Kansas City steak. I went with the Kansas City steak (18 ounces). I order my steak med-rare just love to taste the meat. My wife ordered the Skirt steak (8 ounces) med-rare. The sides were very delicious I ordered Mac and cheese and the wife ordered the scallop potatoes. I must say this was a grand meal very very mesmerizing.
Simply Delicious! I eat at StripSteak on every trip to Las Vegas. It's a very unpretentious steakhouse that serves great food consistently. Yes it can be a bit noisy because it is very popular and the layout is very open. The staff has always been very accommodating. The complimentary fry trio you get upon being seated is a nice teaser but they like to tell you they are compliments of the chef. Ha ha nice try. Everyone gets these and has been for years, they are now the equivalent of chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant. I will however never refuse them, they are yummy. If you aren't a big steak eater the chicken is amazing and just the right size. If you get a side of the Mac& cheese it's extremely rich and satisfying. The lobster fritters are very pricey but unique and tasty, I get them every time. It's a perfect appetizer that will not fill you up and a great start before a meal.
Went here with friends who were visiting Vegas all the way from Dubai/London/France and had a lovely experience. The food was great, the atmosphere was nice. 

My only complaint was the volume of the music. It was so difficult to understand what my friends with accents were saying because the background music was so loud. I was literally concentrating so hard on trying to read their mouths the whole time that it could have ruined the overall experience if the food had not been so good.

I will definitely be back for their Roasted Beets with Burrata Cheese...it was sooo good! I never even knew I liked beets before trying this 'salad'!

And of course, the Duck Fat Fries Trio was delicious, especially the ones with truffle sauce.
Ate at strip steak this weekend for dinner when I was in Vegas.  Food was excellent.  Atmosphere was excellent.  Wait staff was excellent.  Nothing more to say.  It was a high price meal, but that is what we expected.  We certainly got what we paid for.
Honestly quite dissapointed with StripSteak based on the four star rating here.  Maybe I just went on their worst night.  The waitress was terrible, took about half an hour to take our orders and hardly came to visit us.  The steak does not compare to other prime steakhouses.  I'm not sure what the fuss is about the fries on these reviews, they are just regular fast food like fries with different dips.  Fortunately the next night we went to Del Frisco's Double Eagle and it made up for this!
Okay I have been to this place 6 times, absolutely love the food, but not the price.   I really actually go for the chef's compliments which are a trio of fries and 3 sauces.  I love the truffle/mayo dip.  Here's all I've had there so far, well that I remember, since I usually get tipsy there (why the bill is so high):

Porter house(medium) ; Delicious and nice size, but pricey
Main Lobster (appetizer size) steamed and chilled; only 2 pieces not that tasty and not worth the buy.
American Kobe Burger - Really good, same as the Burger Bar in Mandalay walkway to Luxor.
Asparagus - tasty
cream spinach - delicious
Bibb Wedge Salad- tasty, but have had better

This place has a nice seating, but it's always busy and very noisy, not very romantic.  The restrooms are unisex and it is very modern chic.  Very pricey and cost is always close to $300, but that's because of the alcohol.  I suggest going on Restaurant.com  and you can purchase a $50 gift certificate for half the price or like me, when there are speciasls I got it for $8. :-)
Michael Mina makes any restaurant sound interesting.

A little overpriced, but not too much.

A variety fries with a variety of sauces. Loved it.
Lobster fritter. Could have done without. Dough-like. Where's the lobster?
16 oz bone-in rib eye. Flavorful! My kind of steak.
Kansas strip. Eh.
Side of cream spiniach. Yum.

Attentive waiters. Good times.
I just went there tonight with high hopes and a head full of other peoples good reviews. OMG whoever said this place is good has not had a true "dry-aged" steak at the very least. So this review is for those of you who have tasted TURE "DRY-AGED" Ribeye. You know that nutty NON-IRONY taste and weird yet interesting smell.
 
For the quality of food...it is WAY Overpriced. AND i dont usually complain about price as long as the food is outstanding tasting. Stripsteak is NOT! Definitely does not taste like a true "DRY-AGED" steak! I had the bone-in rib-eye and it tasted like Costco steak...which taste good....but not $51 for 18oz good. My Gf had the American Wagyu....terrible! No marblization no flavor punch...just another eye of rib taste. Ive had both "Dry-aged" bone-in rib-eye and Kobe steak before and the steaks at strip steak do not even near the realm of the taste you encounter when eating the true stuff....sooo dissappointed.
 
Lobster tail not at all fresh or worth the price. Roasted Mushrooms tasted too wierd...also too expensive as well. Scalloped potatoes...barely OK. Merlot Excellent! Their Focaccia bread thing was a heart-breaking waste of dough. Roasted Bone marrow was OK. French fries was your basic multy times fried re-hash fries...SUCK...BUT the sauces was Good & seasoning good!
 
All in all, just too over-priced for the type of food...the food served here is the same level as Outback steak house....Please believe me, i am not even joking. Please save your money and buy 3 ribeyes for $22 at costco....same taste...trust me! I wish this place did work out for us but sadly it failed horribly. WHats worse than that was the websites that i looked at that actually said that stripsteak was good dry-aged steak. i feel like the credibility of these websites is shot. Sounded like these guys knew what they were talking about...oh well....THANK GOD that we had the Restaurant.com coupon or i would have been a lot more angry at what i could have paid for this substandard experience! I would rather go to Ruth Cris and get a "Wet-Aged"  Bloodyish tasting piece of beef than this place, at least Ruth Cris' steak taste better for less and their sides are way better too....Yup....thats how dissappointing Stripsteak is : (
michael mina did not disappoint us one bit!

as you walk into the restaurant, you'll see meat in the windows by the grill aging to perfection.  and as expected, everything from the food to the service to the ambiance was amazing.  as soon as we got to our tables, a happy birthday card awaited us which was very thoughtful and cute.  our server was extremely helpful especially with choosing a wine to celebrate wifey's birthday.  he generously brought out a couple of samples of wine and was very knowledgeable of each type.  i love how they bus your plates immediately and how our drinks never touched the bottom of our glasses.  FANTASTIC service.

the trio of fries were delish...but we tried so hard not to eat all of it for fear of not being able to finish our main course.  the truffle mayo was exquisite...and it was dang hard not to soak up every single fry in it.  the fresh out of the oven rosemary focaccia bread was WOW.  i didn't even get a chance to take a picture of it cause we just dove right in.  it was buttery, warm, and so good that after a couple of pieces, i found myself not trying to look at it or else i'd devour the rest of it.  

both of us ordered off the prix fixe menu which was well worth the pricetag of $55 each.  don't forget your restaurant.com gift certificate which takes 50 bucks off your bill!  we took advantage of the discount and decided to order an appetizer...so we got meat at its purest level...the kobe filet tartare.  man oh man...if i could, i'd skip everything else on the menu and just order 3 of those for myself.  the server came to our tableside with a plate of the diced kobe, a quail egg, and seasonings.  he mixed the tartare right in front of us explaining every single ingredient and placed the mixture into a bowl with ice.  it was served with some pita bread.  the tartare itself was enough to give this place 5 stars...the quality of the kobe was amazing!  a must try when you come here...

now the first course...wifey had the crab chowder while i chose the bibb salad.  the server said that every bowl of crab chowder is made to order.  the chunks of crab in the bowl were generous...and the broth itself was super tasty.  but my salad...mMmmm...i absolutely love blue cheese...and my salad had 2 different types.  wifey gave me the stink face though but was still willing to try it.  yummy!!!

we both decided to order the slow poached prime rib...who wants to order chicken from a steak house?  the server warned us that ordering medium guarantees you medium rare...which was perfect for us.  so medium it is!!!  the prime rib was super tasty and tender.  no juices splattered over the plate which means that the chef knew what the heck he was doing.  it was served with a side of delish au jus and creamy horseradish.  our entree also came with 3 sides...peas and carrots, truffled mac n cheese, and bacon creamed spinach.  i left the peas and carrots alone since they weren't anything special...and devoured the rest of the side dishes.  the truffled mac n cheese was OMG good.  don't truffles just make everything that much better?  yum.  

and then dessert...root beer float with sassafras ice cream and root beer sorbet...served with chocolate chip cookies baked to order...oh, and a chocolate straw.  the server was nice enough to even put a candle on wifey's plate and happy birthday written with chocolate.  before we tried our dessert, we had to ask ourselves...how good can a root ber float possibly be?  haha.  this root beer float was of course, the best root beer float i have ever had.  amazingness.

loved this place...can't wait to try michael mina's other restaurants...i've heard great things about his lobster pot pie.  yummy!
My boyfriend went crazy on restaurant.com and ordered gift certificates so we decided to give it a try. I have to say that it wasn't the best steak I've ever had but certainly one of the priciests. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The steak was cooked just how I like it and I overindulged with the fries! We had a pre fixe menu and there was plenty of food all around. I'll definitely go back. I hear the happy hour is also good.
Their Truffle Mac N Cheese deserves 5 stars alone!

The best Mac n Cheese that I've had anywhere. Came here for a Business School dinner. I recommend making a reservation as this seems to be a very popular spot for dinner.

Being the only vegetarian in the group, things weren't looking up for me. Even their fries are made with duck fat. Oh well, I resigned myself to ordering the beet salad with burrata cheese and a few sides. So a few sides turned into 3 eventually. Namely, the Truffle Mac n Cheese, Roasted Morels, and Potato Cakes. 4 if you count the Potato Focaccia that they bring out with your meal.

The Beet salad was pretty good, but as I mentioned earlier, just order their Mac n Cheese. It's that good. The potato cakes and Roasted Morels were nothing special. Also, they dry age their steaks, if that counts for anything.

The service was exceptional! Our water/wine glasses were never empty. All our food quirks were well taken care of. Do give it a try.
dry-aged, bone-in ribeye prepared medium-rare is how you do it here. the duck fat fries and trio of mysteriously bomb sauces is just something not of this world. japanese kobe filet i tried off my friend's plate was amazing! pretty much everything on our table of 8 was darn good. fresh oysters from around the country flown in fresh daily? that's pretty awesome. 

i read in a past issue of details that this steakhouse was voted one of the premiere spots in the country! that alone says a ton about stripsteak.

service was excellent. the bartender made me my first "perfect Manhattan." unbelievably good. price of our tab? i'd rather leave that out but what can you say? you're in vegas, baby!!
We were seated promptly by a friendly beautiful hostess.

Michelle our waiter did a fantastic job on keeping the drinks flowing and the courses coming out on time and perfectly cooked bone in rib eye.   The sides (steamed spinach, garlic mash and sautéed mushrooms were outstanding completing a great meal.

The decor is modern and well laid out with an extensive wine menu.  We recommend making reservations well in advance.

J&O
I was very excited to have dinner here.  The Better Half & I have been wanting to give it a try for a while.  We had several friends visiting this weekend and decided to have a group dinner here.

There were 11 of us in the group.  Before dinner, we gathered at the bar to have a pre-dinner drink.  The bartender was very friendly and helpful.  He took several pictures of the group at our request and was patient as we gave him 5 different cameras to take pictures with.  The whole time he cracked jokes and told us he would take as many pictures as we wanted....+1 in my book for the service.

Originally, we had a reservation for 15 people but 4 didn't make it, so the hostess had to rearrange the table.  The hostess came to get us 10 minutes after our original reservation time....not bad for a last minute change like that.

We were seated and our server immediately asked me if we wanted the wine list and who were the wine drinkers in the group.  I gave her the headcount and instructed her to keep our wine glasses full until I said stop.  She obliged and went to get the wine.  I ordered a Malbec from Argentina, it was nice and earthy with hints of blackberry & pepper....perfect! +1 for the wine.

The server made several recommendations for the group and we placed our order.  As a complimentary appetizer, they brought out a tray of 3 different flavors of French Fries.  From what I could tell the flavors were BBQ, Plain, and Garlic & Herbs....served with 3 dipping sauces....BBQ, Horseradish, Ketchup.  They were good, the Garlic & Herbs was the best of the 3.

When the food came out, it was presented beautifully on the plates and cooked exactly how we all ordered it.....that's rare for a group this large.  Normally there is one or two that has to send it back because it wasn't cooked right, but not tonight!  I had the 10 oz Filet and ordered it Medium Well.....it was tender and the knife sliced through it like butter.  It had a nice juicy flavor with a smokey & peppery finish.....a great pairing for the Malbec...nom nom nom!  +1 on the Steaks.  I took a few pics of the Steaks for foodie viewing pleasure.

For a side dish, I ordered the Truffled Mac 'n Cheese....again, great pairing for the entree....I highly recommend it.  The Asparagus was good too.

Nobody had any room for dessert, so I can't comment on that.  Overall, the dinner was a big hit with everyone.

Will I return?  You bet your Steaks I will!!
TIP: Sometimes they have $50 certificates on restaurant.com.

While we were seated promptly, I felt our waiter was a bit slow to take our order and check up on us from time to time. Also, I had to ask if they had a prix fixe (knowing about it while researching the restaurant online beforehand) before he gave us the prix fixe menu. Not sure if that's normal or not. 

Maybe this is a conspiracy, but these guys serve duck fat fries seasoned 3 ways with 3 types of dipping sauces instead of bread. These thing are fantastic and most likely if you do not control yourself you will get full off these things. That's just my theory. Either way, out of a group of 7, 4 ordered off the prix fixe menu, one got the kobe burger, one a wagyu steak, and one the pork loin. Everything was cooked very well and tasty to boot. I had the 18oz bone-in ribeye off the prix fixe menu, along with the iceberg lettuce salad. The salad was surprisingly good. The steak was large and juicy. It also came with 3 seasonal side dishes served in individual serving plates. I also ate half of the kobe burger, which was very good as well. The rootbeer float dessert was also quite satisfying.

All in all, a very nice meal food wise at an upscale steakhouse.
I almost always HAVE to eat here when i'm in vegas. I just love their foie gras sliders, it's  perfectly seared accompanied with pears, arugula, and brioche..



this time we had
oysters : good but never as good as tomales bay :)
Angus filet: very soft and tender :)
asparagus: i think its best if it was blanched with mild salt seasoning
scalloped potatos : very heavy,  it was okay
cream of corn : very salty this time... but still good

oh I also love how theres complimentry fries fried in duck fat! My favorite would be the truffle fries :) Oh and their complimentary focacia bread is really good :)
The best steak I've had in Las Vegas! Be sure to try their duck fat fries too!
I would actually give this place 4 1/2 stars, but it falls just short of being perfect. To start, our server was excellent. She was spot on for all of her recommendations and descriptions. Her wine recommendation, which I think was the house cabernet sauvignon, was fantastic. I had the kobe ribcap, my other dinner mates had the kobe ribeye, filet mignon, and scallops. My steak was cooked nicely med-rare, and tasted amazing with fantastic marbling. However, it seemed like the other steaks were cooked just a bit less than requested. You can taste the mesquite wood flavor in the meat, although I didn't think it enhanced the flavor too much. The starter duck fat fries are excellent, as is the foie gras slider appetizer. The truffle mac and cheese is a must try. The mushrooms were a little salty (maybe they're supposed to be), but had good mushroom flavor. At the end of the meal, we were too stuffed to try any desserts, but their coffee was a perfect finish to a very nice meal.
Ambiance is nice, service is really friendly, food was good but my entree was disappointing to me hence, the 3 stars.

The bf & I got the following: prime rib, rib eye, truffled mac & cheese, spinach, foie gras sliders, and root beer floats for dessert.

The foie gras sliders were pretty good. Our waitress suggestd that we take off the top piece of bread so we could taste the foie gras more. Good call on the bread! I think if I had eaten it with the bread on top, the taste would have overwhelmed the foie gras. It had a slightly sweet sauce taste but it was delicious! It only comes in two small pieces though. 

I'm a HUGE fan of prime rib so I ordered this without even thinking. However, they cook prime rib really different here. I wish my waitress warned me because I wasn't a fan. She later told me that people either loved it or hated it. Thanks, you could have warned me :( There's a certain taste that you expect when you eat prime rib but this place didn't have it. But like she said, other people would love it.

The rib eye was pretty tasty, cooked well. The sides of truffle mac & cheese was delicious but extremely rich. The spinach was okay. 

The root beer float dessert was a nice finish to the meal. Tastes exactly like what you would make for yourself as a kid but that feeling of nostalgia and the fact that it's not a heavy dessert was a nice touch. 

I probably wouldn't come back since there's so many other places to try but the meat definitely looks promising. Except the prime rib haha
Absolutely fantastic!!!  I loved everything about this restaurant.  I ordered the 8oz American Kobe Rip Cap and it literally melted in my mouth!  Granted it was 64 bucks but I can understand why.  They start you out with fries fried in duck fat, soooo yummy!  We also ordered some oysters and mac and cheese.  Both were also very good.  The service is beyond excellent.  One of my dinner companions did not like his Kobe Burger so they took it off the bill without us even asking.  I would highly recommend coming here for a fancy dinner.
Aside from the fantastic decor and hospitable service that my party of 30 received, I want to give a special shout out to the mac and cheese on this menu.  

I know, I know, it's a steak joint so they obviously provide superb steaks.  But their truffle mac and cheese is like nothing I've ever tasted before- and I am not a mushroom girl.  The truffle flavor is just subtle enough that the addition is truly an enhancement.  It was by far the best mac and cheese I've ever tasted (sorry mom).  And well worth the exhorbitant price that was paid for it.
I'm unsure if the current drool on my shirt stems from a salivary gland disorder, or from reminiscing of my meal at stripsteak this past weekend. 

Either way, Michael Mina's STRIPSTEAK offered one of the best meals i've ever had and will forever be a MUST while in Vegas. Each meal is started off with a trio of Duck Fat Fries, compliments of the Chef. Duck Fat Fries are french fries which are fried in duck fat , seasoned three different ways and served with three dipping sauces. These are easily the best french fries i've ever had are deserving of the 5-star rating alone. 

Collectively, our group ordered the Japanese A5 Filet (market price of $95), a few orders of Salmon ($35), the American Kobe Burger ($25), and additional sides of duck fat fries and the truffled mac and cheese. While the prices are high, this is a prime example of "you get what you pay for." We were told that the A5 filet was flown in from Japan earlier that morning, and upon receiving it, was tender enough to cut with a fork alone.  

The Salmon, cooked and seasoned perfectly, was extremely fresh. Having eaten at places such as Neptune's Net on Pacific Coast Highway in California, I didn't think it was possible to taste a fresher tasting fish, but Stripsteak really nailed it. When served with a side of truffled Mac & Cheese, which might i add was some of the best i've had the pleasure of trying, it was truely an adventure for the taste buds.

Onto the burger. The American Kobe Burger was the least expensive of the various options. It featured a kobe beef patty cooked to a perfect medium served on a bun with fennel slaw and watercress. What was without a doubt the best burger i've ever had was served alongside a second helping of the succulent duck fat fries I had experienced at the beginning of our meal. 

Overall, i was very pleased with the meal as well as the amazing service and I didn't hear a single complaint in our party except regarding the price. But like I mentioned earlier, "you get what you pay for." Unless of course you were the one ordering the $95 A5 filet... That should have come with a lapdance.
As soon as we got to Vegas we had to rush to our hotel to make our 7:30 reservation at Strip Steak.  We had a table of about 15, so I thought it was going to take forever to get our apps and food, but I was pleasantly surprised it didn't!  The waiters started us out with duck fat fries, compliments of the chef (we weren't special they gave them to every table).  I have to say I was underwhelmed.  I have heard so many people say oh duck fat fries are soooo good...um they tasted like regular fries.  Maybe my taste buds just aren't distinguished enough, but no one at the table was raving about them.

We then ordered several appetizers, the crab cakes were way more crab that cake!  That's a rarity in my opinion!  I also ordered bacon wrapped fried lobster meat with a cream fresh dipping sauce.  It was so good, I didn't want to offer them to anyone else but being generous I did, and unfortunately they took me up on my offer!  

For my main course I ordered the hand massaged Kobe 6 oz steak.  It was super tender and delicious....could I really tell that it was a Kobe steak, not really, but it was really good.  We also ordered the truffle mac and cheese, if you dont like truffle oil dont order this because it is very strong in the dish.  The horse radish mashed potatoes were delicious as was the corn dish we ordered.  All in all the food was fantastic and our waiter was great.
Make sure that you're in the mood to eat when you come here, because if you're not, you're still going to eat a lot anyways.

Made a group trip out to Vegas for the 4th of July and decided to come here for a nice dinner.  Wrong place for me because I don't eat beef, but everyone else wanted to come here so I tagged along.

We brought in a double magnum of 2007 Acre Cabernet Sauvignon (4 bottles of wine in 1).  The service was standard, nothing too great for that caliber of restaurant, but nonetheless, we had a good time.

We ordered half the menu pretty much.  Everyone got steaks except me, I  had the chicken with truffle macaroni and cheese and onion jus.  Rick Moonen's chicken blows this one out of the water. For starters, we had the lobster grilled cheese with tomato bisque, crab louie lettuce cups with a sriracha aioli and caesar salad.  All the starters were really good.  For sides, we ordered the jalapeno creamed corn, truffle mac and cheese, potato au gratin, asparagus, and some other sides.  And most everyone got the $72 kobe filet (everything is priced a la carte).

Then why the reason for 3 stars?  3 for service, 4 for food and ambiance.  When we paid for the bill, our server somehow "misplaced" $100 of our bill after we left her an extra $35 on gratuity.  All in all, the problem was fixed and the general manager, Mark, was very professional about the situation.
It was pretty tasty!  The service was friendly and welcoming.  The appetizers (fries and bread) were also very tasty.  The ambiance was nice, and not too loud for an open floorplan.

Give it a try!
4.5 stars if I could. Great martini, made exactly to my picky specifications. Great french fry assortment to start.  Ask the sommelier for a wine reco with your meal. Not only will it be a good wine choice but you will receive outstanding service for the rest of the meal. Steaks were perfect.
Hubbs and I came here for my birthday dinner  last week-I had really been looking forward to it due to reviews and pics, and we kind of knew what to expect. The service was good-nothing stellar but not bad-average I guess, and the restaurant is pretty. But I'm only giving it 3 stars, and here's why...

The food was good. Or at least the presentation and menu options. To start with, i got the lobster fritters (yum, and eat them wrapped in the lettuce) and hubbs got the tomato soup with lobster grilled cheese. For main course i ordered the portherhouse, and hubbs got the Kansas strip. They were really good, but dayum!! Did we also get served salt licks with each course??? At first one of the waitresses kept filling up our waters every two or three sips, literally-and then we figured out why. Every single dish-EVERY SINGLE DISH-was insanely salty!!! Not just the apps, but the duck fat fries, the foccacia, the truffeled mac and cheese, even the steaks!! Don't get me wrong-the food was good. But dear lord-I think I sent my blood pressure through the roof with all the salt. It was crazy. Literally, every dish!!! Except my mint chocolate chip ice cream that i had for dessert.

I don't think it was amazing enough that we'd go back. Like I said, the food was good-but just too freaking salty for us to totally enjoy and savor it.
Michael Mina has an amazing reputation. But I felt the food was just ok. Not good or bad.

I started off with the french fry trio. Eh. They were fries, so there were some truffles sprinkled on them... good, but amazing? No.

The oysters were good, but they take no special preparation on the part of the chef.

My wife had the tomato soup with lobster grilles cheese... it was ok.

Our steaks, also pretty standard. to be honest, I like the steaks at Flemmings better. 

The highlight of the meal, was my appetizer, the Foie Gras sliders with reduction of caramelized onions, and the red velvet cake with chocolate mouse.

I ordered the marrow bones to go with my steak, and for $29.00, I was expecting larger marrow bones, and at least a marrow spoon to extract it with. Instead I got two 1 inch bones, and I had to fish out what I could with the back side of my fork.

All in all, it wasn't an exceptional meal, but it wasn't bad either.
But there was 4 of us, no alcohol, and the bill was almost $600.00. 

For that price, and based on Michaels reputation, I was expecting a lot more.
Stopped by STRIPSTEAK on a business trip to Vegas for drinks and a small nosh before we headed off to dinner. The Cucumber Martini was fantastic and the Duck Fat Fries were equally as wonderful. Served 3 ways, the fries were perfectly crispy and delicious. Of the 3 preparations, I loved the herbed and truffled versions best. The "bbq" version was a little heavy on the smoked paprika, and that overpowered what was otherwise the fries dreams are made of. I would return again!
I thought one of the coolest things about Stripsteak was that they bring you a trio of Duck fat fries instead of the typical bread in the beginning. It comes with 3 different sauces and all blend superb with whatever fry you are dipping it with. 

The night we came, there happened to be a live band playing  nearby (I was told a convention just got out nearby) so it wasn't a quiet meal although I think it was just an off day. 

After the fries, they do in fact still give you foccacia bread baked in a mini pan so you have it all to yourself. Yummmm. I opted for the short ribs and my bf went with the prime rib. I know its a steakhouse but we just weren't in the mood for steak. The prime rib was not the best but I wouldn't be too hard to critique based on that because I'm sure they aren't known for their prime ribs. The short ribs were very tender. I ordered a side of jalepeno cream corn which I thought was very good. 

I really wanted a dessert but the dessert choices were quite slim. Nothing sounded to really pop. I ended up choosing a chocolate mouse with red velvet chunks on top. It was good. The service was pretty fast throughout the whole dinner and I really liked at the end they leave you with a bag of caramel popcorn dipped in chocolate sauce for you to take home!
Ate here again recently, and had the Filet. It was perfect. Very good. And the trio of fries they give you before the meal are all excellent. Probably the best fries I have ever had.
this was our second time eating here and it was just as good as last time.  as mentioned they give you the fries and a type of bread for appetizer, so i really don't see a point to ordering an appetizer when they give you two.  i had the kansas city steak which was just the best thing i ate all vacation long.  it's a very reliable steak.  i wanted to try something different but i knew how good it was last time and wanted to make sure that i was going to get something good.  it was cooked absolutely perfect.  my wife had the scallops which were really good as well.  entrees run in the 40 -60 dollar range.  side dishes are 9-12 dollars.  we opted for dessert and went with the root beer float which comes with a couple fresh baked cookies.  its not on the dessert menu.  it was good, but i don't feel $12 was worth the size.  but overall it was a really nice experience, really delicious dinner.  we used our restaurant.com gift certificate to take $50 off the bill.  if you can get your hands on one of those it really makes it a much much more affordable meal.  over half the restaurants in mandalay bay are on restaurant.com so take advantage of it.
This place is freaking delicious

I went for a company dinner--so you know I got to eat everything possible! For appetizers we had Tiger Prawns, Lettuce cups, and fries as appetizers. They were all very good. Flavorful and nicely seasoned

As much as I wanted to abstain from beef because I've been feeling a little heavy lately, I HAD to get the steak--I mean, the place is called STRIPSTEAK for christ's sake! I had the 10oz Filet Mignon (Medium Rare) and it was cooked to PERFECTION. I think that was the best cooked steak I've ever had. Melted in my mouth like butter!

For sides, we had the Potato Puree Trio, Spinach, and roasted mushrooms. The spinach wasn't anything special, but the roasted mushrooms were great. The potato puree was a little "pureed" for me, and maybe I had a little bit too much alcohol in me, so it didn't sit quite well in my stomach--but it was ok. 

For dessert, we had a trio of ice cream (chocolate ice cream was amazingggg), strawberry shortcake (really good), a blueberry custard (this is good if you're not into anything overly sweet), and some sort of chocolate concoction. Wish I could describe the desserts better, but they don't have the dessert menu up. 

Overall, great place, good food, but it's pretty pricey, but I think the meal is well worth it.
This place is absolutely under-rated. After having a bad experience at CraftSteak (another MGM owned steakhouse) I wanted to give other steakhouses one more try before going to back to my all time favorite (Delmonico @ the Venetian).

After placing your order (whatever you order at the restaurant)...You are greeted with 3 Duck Fat Fries Trio - complimentary of the chef/restaurant. The fries were absolutely delicious (I'm not saying this because it was free). They were really good. You get 3 generous portions of Spicy Fries, Truffle Fries, and Parmesan Fries. DO NOT eat the complimentary bread - save your appetite so you can finish your entree & sides. --Fries 4.5 / 5 Stars....Bread 1 / 5 Stars

Aged Bone In Rib Eye ($52) - 18 oz of delicious Rib Eye. Slightly under medium rare (but I rather it be slightly under versus over). Flavors were delicious and enjoyable in every bite. 
--4.5 / 5 Stars

American Kobe Rib Eye from Idaho ($64) - 8 ounces of meat that will absolutely melt in your mouth. My girlfriend ordered this because we wanted to try a slightly higher quality meat without burning a hole in our wallet. IMO it will be enough for most people. We also shared each others steak just in case she wanted more meat, but it was more than enough.  The steak was cooked perfectly (Medium Rare)!
--5 / 5 Stars

Cream Corn w/ Jalepeno - Absolutely delicious. The presentation may fool as you because the photos don't look aesthetically appealing. But the pictures can't do this dish any justice - you just have to try it! Creamy, slight kick of mild spiciness from the Jalapeno. Enjoyable with every bite! 
--5 / 5 Stars

Mac & Cheese w/ Truffle - Again like the Cream Corn, photos can not do this dish any justice. The truffle and mac & cheese definitely ranked in my top 3 of mac & cheese of all time. I only prefer to eat Mac & Cheese w/ Truffle and this was an automatic home-run in my ball park.
--5 / 5 Stars
The highlight of the dinner was the french fry trio that they give you as a starter. I noticed that this was also a fave of many other reviewers. You cannot go wrong with 3 differently seasoned fries and 3 complimentary dips. Considering that this starter is compliments of the house, the portion is substantial. 

For dinner, I ordered the American Kobe burger and has the tomato soup to start. The burger was decent, but I have had better American Kobe burgers. The burger does have some of spread or aioli on it that after tasting would have rather had on the side. On the bright side, the burger does come with another pile of those fries. The tomato soup is pretty good. It definitely has the heirloom tomato taste so the the soup is a little bitter. The lobster grilled cheese triangles are small, but tasty.

My date ordered the fried chicken, but was bummed to find out that they only fry it for parties or 2 or more. Single fried chicken eaters have to opt for the grilled breasts instead. The truffle mac and cheese was just fair. 

The desserts were pretty good as we shared the creme brulee and root beer float. The root beer float is not on the regular menu, but the waitress brought one to us anyway. I had seen a few of them go by and it sounded tasty. Evidently, the float is part of the pre fixe menu that we were not aware of. Oh well, we got our float so we were happy.
I expected more from a Michael Mina restaurant. I had a great experience at XIV in LA, and thought that Stripsteak would be more of the same...sadly, it wasnt.

The whole experience was just , eh...nothing to write home about. The apps and sides were good - roasted beets with walnut oil, oysters, foie gras sliders w/ borsch peas, truffled mac & cheese, potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream & onion, horseradish) -

The biggest disappointment was the steak, after all its supposed to be a steakhouse.  I had the 18 oz. Bone-In Ribeye (dry-aged). You would think that this cut, dry-aged would be idiot proof, but it wasnt.  They overdid the done-ness, leaving the steak dry. The flavor was not rich either, which left me wondering if the steak was even dry-aged like the waiter said, and if it really was aged for the time period they stated. It made me glad I didnt get the Kobe Rib-eye, cause it probably would have been F'd up.
We went here for my aunt's 70th birthday. What a great choice.
Service was pretty spot on- and everything was delicious.

5  out of 6 of us ordered their American Kobe Beef Rib Cap. Medium Rare. This is a Steak, this is what mouth watering was based upon. You needn't venture to any other entree. Even your server will tell you that. The roasted onion garnish is surprising, yet perfectly harmonious. ($65)

Everyone seemed to rave about the complementary fries, they were good, but I don't understand the hype.

We began with half protions the Ceasar Salad- complete with anchovie, and when my Aunt wanted a little extra, they didn't hesitate to indulge in her request.

Our Sommelier was 'sort of' helpful. My table was happy with my choice, but I think had he been a bit more descriptive or able to communicate with me, the wine would have been exceedingly more impressive and we might have spent a bit more on the bottle in the end.

For sides, the Scalloped Potatoes were the most memorable and delicious of the four we chose. (mac and cheese, asparagus, ?)

Dessert was a real treat. There was some kind of pecan maple carmel something or other dish with Beignets that was incredible.

Our server was excellent, but I couldn't help but notice a table of 5 looking around uncomfortable for someone to help them throughout our Entire dessert. It was strange that no one came to greet them after being seated, and that they endured it. This leads me to believe that the service may not always be dependable.
This place is definitely 5 star status.  With the complimentary duck fat fries, and their potato bread skillet, you can already be pretty full midway through an entree you shared with whomever you came with.  

I suggest you share an entree with your date and a couple sides.  A good appetizer to start with are the bacon wrapped lobster bites.  Yummy!  The aged bone in Rib Eye was flavorful.  Comes with a little onion and pepper, great with every bite.  No sauces like A-1 or Tabasco needed!  Haha!  

The truffled mac and cheese was the best mac and cheese I have ever tasted.  You can definitely taste the truffle oil, but I love it!  We also ordered the creamed corn which was good too, but I have had better.

All in all, great experience.  Pricey, but good quality, so it works!  

Environment is OK, but not too fancy, so come casually dressed!  Have a glass of red wine too; great when paired with steak! =)
***short version***

the wagyu rib cap was the best steak i've ever had. and the service was excellent. our server, katy, made the dinner a complete 5-star experience.

***long version***

as i walked in i asked our server if i could finish my can of beer at the table. "sure", katy said flashing a smile. yeah, i'm cheap and i hate spending money on expensive steaks and drinks. i was set to order one of the cheapest things on the menu (kobe burger at $20), when i mentioned to her that i've been disappointed every time i ordered a $30+ steak. she replied that their rib cap was the best steak she's ever had. she tried to explain what a rib cap was, but her friendliness was so disarming that i ordered it without fully understanding where on the cow the meat was coming from. i normally like medium, but i know medium-rare should be the way to go. she suggested something in between: medium-rare plus. i doubted her cooks' skills but she assured me that their temperature control was outstanding.

what's a rib cap? i had to look it up when i got home. on a chunk of roast there's the familiar rib-eye loin and then that layer of fat along the top. when you cut away the eye, there's quite a bit of meat still attached to the fat. that's the rib-cap.

out came the meat, and i immediately cut into it. it wasn't running blood, but it was still full of that that happy pink center you expect from a gently-cooked steak. (medium-rare plus!) after a vigorous discussion with my tablemates we settled on a description of the rib-cap: the robust flavor of the rib-eye, the tenderness of a filet, and the mouth-melting fat of pork belly. a trifecta worth the $60. the sides were awesome, but i couldn't stop loving each bite of my steak.

katy checked in, and i was impressed that the product delivered. she noticed my can of pale ale was out, and suggested i try an ipa. wine just wouldn't do with this steak, and i got the feeling that katy was a beer kinda girl. i mentioned to the server extraordinaire, that the only problem i had with the rib-cap was after the first bite and subsequent beefy fatness melted and coated your mouth, the excitement of the next bite was slightly diminished. 

katy went back to the kitchen and brought out a small serving of coconut sorbet as a kind of intermezzo, palate cleanser. so my last bite was just like my first.
This was the 4th meal of the recent "Vegas Food Tour" that me and my other half decided to embark on. We LOVED this place. This was easily the best steakhouse we have ever eaten at! This place gives you a truly American vibe as soon as you walk through the door. From the dimmed lighting to the wooden table/chairs to the paper place mat, this was definitely American. Don't get me wrong though, this place is still very fancy. Not to mention all the freebies they give out! First freebie was the Duck Fat Fries which were... indescribably delicious. Don't take all the other review for granted, they are all completely accurate!  Second freebie, was the pizza bread. I wasn't really a fan of this, it was just way too dense and dry for my liking, and not to mention filling. I wanted to save my stomach for the STEAK. The third freebie we got was from our waiter Steve, at the end of the meal he gave us two packs of caramel/chocolate covered popcorn to enjoy during our Mystere show we were going to after dinner, very nice gesture, and we of course tipped him accordingly. =)

With all the freebies we got we decided to go ahead and skip the appetizers and go straight for wine. I ordered a Red Syrah Wine from Sonoma (I think) and she ordered a Pinot Noir (location unknown), I thought both were good, but we ended up switching because she felt that the Pinot was tasteless and I thought it was light and amazing.

Meat:
We were actually intending to get the Japanese Wagyu but according to Steve they won't be carrying it for another few months due to a MAD COW breakout in Japan. BOO MAD COW! Regardless, the American Wagyu did not disappoint. I suckered her into getting the American Kobe Rib Eye and I got the Rib Cap. FYI: the Rib Cap is 10 TIMES better than the Rib Eye. The steaks were perfectly cooked to our specifications, Medium Rare. Both pieces of meat were delicious but the marbling of the fat in between the crevices of meat in the Rib Cap made it that much more easier to melt in your mouth than the Rib Eye. But please don't take it the wrong way, the Rib eye was still one of the best Rib Eyes I have ever had. 

Sides:
We ended up getting two sides and sharing, which was more than enough. We got the truffled mac and cheese and the jalapeno creamed corn. We already made our decision that we were getting the truffled mac because of all the reviews. One word described this dish... BOLD. The flavor was bold and I liked it but I could only have so much. The jalapeno creamed corn on the other hand I could have probably ate the whole bowl. It was a perfect combination of creaminess with a hint of spice to give it a kick. It was very very very good.

Dessert:
We got the Beignets with creme brulee. The beignets came out warm with dusted powder sugar on top. And the creme brulee was well... creme brulee, nothing too special. It was a delicious end to our meal nonetheless.

This is a definite must eat at spot in Vegas. We were torn between Cut and StripSteak and I think we made the right decision. Next time we are getting the Japanese Wagyu!!
Over hyped!

Picked this place for dinner with some friends because of the great reviews on here but I felt like I was tricked. 

The complimentary trio of duck fat fries were okay, the middle one actually had a weird after taste that I didn't like. The complimentary potato foccacia bread was stale, I was only able to manage a small bite out of it. So for starters, the two complimentary items failed in my book.

Then came the main course. One of my friends and I shared the lamb which our waiter had recommended. They split it up onto two plates for us which was nice and actually, the lamb was pretty good. I'm not sure if it was really good or if it was just the best out of what I tried that night. I definitely had better lamb before though but this one was not bad. I ordered it medium rare and it came out just right. The mac-n-cheese that our waiter said was "amazing" was far from it. It was alright, tastes like mac-n-cheese I could make from a box. What I really didn't like was the broccoli in it. The broccoli flavor overpowered the mac-n-cheese in my opinion. Definitely not "amazing".  

Two of my friends ordered steak and one ordered the smoked salmon. She said it was alright but couldn't finish it because it wasn't that good. She was actually sick the next morning. 

This restaurant was definitely not the experience I was expecting based on the other reviews. The service was slow and the food was nothing special. If I'm going to pay that much for dinner I expect everything to taste good if not great. Definitely pass and go to Craftsteak instead.
We returned to Stripsteak over the weekend to use a restaurant.com $50 GC. I'm glad we had the excuse to return. This second visit was better than our first. The menu has been revamped a bit since then.

We had focaccia and duck fat fries to start. They were tasty just like before. This time we also had lobster fritters. They were flavorful bites, tender lobster wrapped in bacon and fried. Hard to go wrong there. Next up was lamb and short rib with sides of creamed jalapeno corn and shallot potato cakes. It was all nicely presented and well prepared. All in all, it was a very yummy meal.
Wow. I know Vegas has dozens of great restaurants and it is so tempting to try them all, but I have no issue foregoing a new place next time to return to STRIPSTEAK. I was recently in LV staying at THEhotel and visited STRIPSTEAK on consecutive days. 

We actually stopped in for the Happy Hour which turned out to be a great deal. From 4-7pm all the apps were 1/2 off and beers were $3. 

Over the two days I ordered, split, and/or tried the following: Duck Fat Fries, Skirt Steak, Crab Cakes, Kobe Sliders, and Lobster Fritters. 

First off, none of them disappointed and some of them (crab cakes, and fries) I had the first night and went with again on the second. The DFF's were great. Each fry matched it's sauce perfectly. The skirt steak I will save for last. The crab cakes were the most unique I've ever had. Usually you think of a handcrafted pan sauteed cake. I have no clue how they got this crab cake so perfectly shaped (probably a mold) and so crispy but it was amazing. Not short on crab and had the right amount of of kick, great dish. Next were the Kobe Sliders. For those of you who claim you can't taste the difference between regular beef and Kobe or grass fed beef, there is a McDonald's right across the street from Mandalay. The sliders were seasoned well and the whole burger was delicious. The lobster fritters were, you guessed it, great. So very light and fluffy and a light creme fraiche to accompany it. Last and very much the best was the skirt steak. I actually didn't believe it was skirt steak because of the tenderness. I was lead to believe skirt was a very tough cut and expected it to be very chewy. Quite the contrary, this steak melted in your mouth. That, along with tasting out of this world in terms of seasoning, made this my favorite dish. 

The last thing of note was the service. A+. We had the same two bartenders serve us both nights and there were awesome. Two of the most easy going friendly dudes ever. They were right on top of things but weren't over bearing, it was almost like they could read our minds. They featured a homemade blended drink serve with one massive ice cube (apparently from a 20k ice maker) that was a blend of two different types of liquor (i asked but now forget which two) and is mixed with some fruit and other ingredients over a lengthy process and then put out in a colander sitting on a bed of ice. It runs for $14 a glass and the guys had no problem letting us try it. It tasted excellent, almost like an Orange flavor reminding me of Grand Marnier. Overall, it was enjoyable and worth the small priced compared to what it costs to get a mixed drink at every other bar, restaurant, and club in Las Vegas.
Coming here was a bit random.  I was staying at theHotel at Mandalay Bay and a group of us decided to hit the Happy Hour special after a nice run on the craps tables.  I am sure glad we did.

I ordered/tried only appetizers this time around.  The list includes Skirt Steak, Oysters, Tiger Prawns, Crab Cakes, Duck Fat Fries, Lobster Fitters and Kobe Sliders.  I could write on and on about how good everything was, but I'll keep this short.

The Skirt Steak was remarkable.  I'd say it was about an 8oz serving and had a chimichurri sauce over it.  Perfectly grilled to my liking.  It was almost as tender as filet.  The steak had a nice char on the outside.  Just perfection all around.

My next favorite the Kobe Sliders.  I'll admit I've never had the pleasure of having a full Kobe steak at any restaurant.  I sort of think it is overhyped, but these were sublime.  They were small, but for the amount of food we ordered, it was a perfect size.  If you go to their Happy Hour, they are 50% off ($10 instead of $20), order 2 orders, they are that good.

The Duck Fat Fries were great.  There were 3 different kinds.  Most reviews have written about them, but I am reiterating how good they were.  The middle ones with the truffle aioli was the best of the bunch.

My next trip to Vegas, hopefully sooner than later, I will be stopping here to try a full meal.  The bartenders commented repeatedly how good their Rib Cap Steak is.  Gotta try it.
Yep -- the duck fat fries are delish!  This place is, indeed, expensive but it is completely worth it.  We visited in August, and it was one of the best meals we had in Vegas.

I ordered the chicken breast and truffled mac and cheese.  The chicken breast was amazing -- good portion size and very juicy and succulent.  The truffled mac and cheese was just ok though.  I also tried the sea scallops and they were amazing!!  They were huge and tender -- would definitely order them next time.

The service was great, the wine list was great -- everything was great!
Happy hour in vegas. Yum and cheap. 4-7pm. Ask for the truffles duck fat fries. Delicious. The oysters were small but tasty. Cocktails are 6 bucks. Kobe sliders come with 2. And strip steak is pre cut 16 oz. With chinchurri. Which was a good deal at 18 bucks. Everything in the bar menu is half off.
I've been wanting to try a Michael Mina restaurant, but since they're mostly seafood, this was my best option - and what a treat!

Duck fat fries - yum.  I wish they weren't so yummy because I could not come close to finishing my meal.

Foccacia - eh.  Everything else was better, so skip this and save room for the good stuff.

I got the beet salad with burratta cheese.  I must confess that I love burratta.  I want to take it home and cuddle with it.  When my husband asked for a bite of it, I had a serious internal debate before I decided that sharing was good for my marriage.  The beets were also delicious, but this was all about the cheese for me.  My husband got the wedge salad which was good but not anything out of the ordinary.

For dinner, I got the skirt steak and husband got the short rib.  The short rib was delicious and tender and well sauced.  But I won with the skirt steak.  Meltingly tender, deliciously seasoned.  We also got the scalloped potatoes and the mushrooms which were both fabulous, but the meat was totally the star.

We also had an excellent Spanish Rioja (a new kick we're on) recommended by the sommelier.  It was so good in fact, we reminisced about it the next night as we sat at the bar at Il Mulino while waiting for our table.  So good, that we determined that if the hostess couldn't get her act together and get us seated by the end of our cocktails, we would pay the check and hop in a cab back over to Mandalay.

So our second meal at Stripsteak was just as good.  I pretty much got the same thing again, but with the truffled mac n cheese instead of the potatoes.  Oh my was that good mac n cheese.  I will dream about that meal.

My husband got the bisque and the lamb and thoroughly enjoyed.  But we still agreed that the skirt steak was one of the best meats ever.

I give this 5 yummy stars.  Twice.
This is a very nice, modern steakhouse. You definitely feel trendy and special when you dine here.   The waitress was super nice, I felt like I was getting a lesson on everything we ordered...detailed explanation on how it's prepared and where it comes from etc.  There were 3 of us and I think the meal came out to about $400? Not sure, cause I didn't pay.  However, it could possibly be cheaper, cause we ordered a bottle of wine that was about $100 and my steak was like $70.  I wish I would of written this review earlier, so that I could remember in detail what I ordered...but I do remember that we were all very satisfied with the food.  I liked this place, but prob wouldn't come here again unless I got a significant pay increase at my job or come on a date that pays for the dinner!
One of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  My boyfriend took me here for my 25th birthday and everything about this place and their food was just absolutely stunning and amazing.

I suggest the spinach with bacon cream, and the potato puree trio. but whatever you get will be awesome.  MY FAVORITE WAS THE STEAK TARTARE and we had the kansas city strip yum yum yum! i'm coming back and that's final.


p.s. everyone greeted me happy birthday...it was such a special experience.
Free duck fat fries? $50 restaurant.com gift certificate at 80% off? Deal!

We came here back in January just after our wedding. This was our first meal on our pre-honeymoon so it had to be good!

The vibe was very sexy and trendy sans the snoot factor. 
 
I chose the prix fixe menu with the rib eye upgrade. This was accompanied by 3 small side dishes: truffle mac & cheese, creamed spinach and a 3rd that I can't quite recall at the moment but I remember being very satisfied. 

Hubs dined from the regular menu and had the Kobe rib cap or was it the eye? I just remember thinking that it was a wee bit tiny so I was generous enough to share some of my rib eye with him. That's love. 

Knowing that $50 would be knocked off our bill helped make the meal more gratifying.  Would we return? Perhaps.  I still have many other steak joints to try out before I find a fav.
TIP: Sometimes they have $50 certificates on http://restaurant.com.

 we were seated promptly but felt our waiter was a bit slow to take our order and check up on us from time to time. Not sure if that's normal or not.

Scallops were outstanding! Sides were delish! Truffle Mac and Cheese...Does it get any better?? I THINK NOT!!!

All in all, a very nice meal food wise at an upscale steakhouse.
Oh ya... and the duck fries were literally drool worthy! and I am a pescatarian and I actually ate the fries...Shame on me..but OH SOOOOO WORTH IT!!

Would DEFINITELY go again :)
Here's the short version: Worst possible dining experience, no exaggeration. Wrong reservation, terrible service, bad food, and promises broken for a business dinner with our best client.

Here's the long version: Came here for a business dinner for our most important client on a recommendation. We made our reservation for their private dining area 2 months in advance to coincide with a trade show. Confirmed our reservation a week or two in advance as well. 

I checked in with the hostess with about half of our 20+ party there. They said our table would be ready soon and to let them know when our entire party was there. Our entire party arrived about 5 minutes later and I informed them that all were present and she said our table would be ready in a few minutes. After another 5 minutes I check to see if our table was ready. Said it would be soon, just a few minutes. After another 5 minutes I asked about our table and again the answer was soon. Not a good thing to keep a large group and important clients waiting 15 minutes for a private room that was supposed to be reserved. 

Finally we were told our tables were ready but it was just that, normal tables in their regular dining area. We informed them that their must be a mistake since we specifically reserved their private dining room. We were given some attitude and told that we were mistaken but they would look into it. They quickly learned from their group reservation department that their was some sort of lack or mix-up of communication between them and the hostess. The general manager shows up and began to sweat and apologize to us a thousand times. 

Nothing could be done at the time because they had already given away tables in their private dining area. There was only an approximate estimate of an hour wait to move to that area. We decided to start at the tables we had and move if the private area became available soon. 

Fortunately they said they would be able to move us to the private area after 20 minutes so we headed over. Unfortunately it was not a private room but just a semi-private area partially enclosed by glass walls. And there were still some other diners in the area but we were assured the tables would remain empty once they finished. 

After all of this drama I thought to myself "hopefully the food is AMAZING and redeems this entire mess." However, I was thoroughly disappointed. The blue crab chowder was too salty, the prime rib was mediocre at best (I'd rather have Bellagio buffet prime rib), and the desserts were forgetful. 

In addition, the service was pretty poor. A number of us had finished our drinks and had empty glasses on our table. They remained empty on our table for at least 20-30 minutes. When I had my water refilled I asked them to take away my other empty glass. It was taken away but all of the other empty glasses were ignored. It was bizarre to me that this simple task was overlooked, especially after the general manager said that he would make sure that we were taken care of and serviced well. He also mentioned that he would give us additional drinks and food and not charge us. After we received the final bill that didn't seem to be the case and it looked like we were charged the full amount. 

What added insult to this all was that the other tables in our semi-private dining area didn't remain empty, they continued to fill them with new diners. We spent about $5000 for the worst possible dining experience on clients who do over $50 million in business with us.
For the price, this restaurant really delivers.  It's not cheap by any means, but the food is actually good and worth the price.

I ate so much here.  The trio of fries made in duck fat are insane!  The duck salad was okay, good if you're a duck fan.  My fiance was talked into getting the filet.  It was cooked perfectly, nicely crusted, and very tasty.  One of the best I've had.

Service was very good here too.  Our waiter obviously loved the place and it showed in his work.  

So, I'll be back.
I order a steak about four times a year.  Of those experiences I've enjoyed some exceptional pieces of beef in DC, Philly, Chicago, and NYC.  I have yet to try Minetta Tavern or Carnevino (only drinks), but until I hit those establishments, StripSteak is top of the heap.  
My wife and I each ordered a filet; her's was outstanding, but my Kobe filet was the greatest thing I have ever eaten.  The taste and texture was one of a kind.  We also devoured the creamed spinach and truffle mac and cheese.  And of course, as everyone else has said the fries (gratis) are unbelievable.  We had to wait about 40 minutes, but it was a saturday and we did not have reservations.  thankfully, mandaly bay provides entertainment in the form of craps tables...in addition to its amazing steakhouse.
Stripsteak was good, but definitely not worth the price.  The best part of the meal was the free dipping sauces and french fries.  The atmosphere is also weird because it is very "open" and feels like you are eating at a mall.  Try N9NE, Strip House, or Craftsteak for a steak on the strip.
Not my favorite Las Vegas steak experience.

We arrived on time for our reservation and waited 15 minutes for our table.  It took our waitress another few minutes to arrive, give us menus, etc.  She seemed disinterested the entire time and rarely checked in on us.  We had to ask for refills on our water, alcohol, etc.

The duck fat fries were amazing, as were their accompanying sauces.  Michael Mina, and his obsession with threes, did well with the three types of fries and sauces.

The steak wasn't amazing.  It pains me to type that.  I expected to bite into that steak and be like "mmmmmmmmm" but it was more like "mmm."

The sides I tried were excellent - the truffle mac and cheese was outstanding and the flavors and textures of the creamed spinach made my mouth happy.

The bathrooms were filthy.

With so many amazing steak places in Vegas, I expected more here.  Ah well.
Three words: Duck Fat Fries!! Dear lawd. They are heaven! And they were on the happy hour menu. Me and the girls met up with another friend and one of my friends sister to catch up and we picked STRIPSTEAK. We also order the Lobster Grilled Cheese with tomato soup, crabcakes, onion rings, truffled mac and cheese, and scalloped potatoes with goat cheese and caramelized onions. Yes it seems like alot of food but there were 5 of us and we had also had a few cocktails so we were hungry. Believe me, they were all DIVINE!!! I cannot wait to get the chance to go back and have dinner because I know that that will be a treat in itself.
I've eaten here twice in the past 30 days. Obsession? Maybe. But when you consider that the first experience CHANGED MY LIFE, it's no surprise. I had ordered the filet au poivre, truffled mac 'n cheese, and the grilled beets with burrata. Everything was amazing, especially the service. My martini was impeccable.

Why then have I given it only four stars? Well, the next time I returned I ordered precisely the same things, with the exception of the martini and beets. Don't judge me, I'm on a budget. 

My filet this second time was lukewarm when served, my wine tasted like it had sat in a decanter for far too many weeks... Yes, weeks... And the au poivre sauce this time was a tad watery. The mac n' cheese was spot on, however! As was the service. 

I can't complain though. For a restaurant that had me paralyzed with delight after the first bite, I'll allow a temperature flaw once.

I can't wait till next time! (which, given my record as of late, should be any day now)
After trying StripSteak for a second time, I have to stand by my original review.  My boyfriend and I decided to come for our anniversary because we had something set up for us.

My boyfriend ordered the Kobe Filet and I ordered the mesquite grilled scallops, both served a la carte.  Nothing special about my scallops, I could have made them at home on a mesquite grill.

We started off with the crab cake and crispy duck thigh appetizer.  I have to say neither of those were anything spectacular.   Actually, as we were eating them, I wished we had ordered something else. 

For sides, we ordered the potato puree trio and the spinach souffle.  Both, again just ok.  The spinach souffle was unique which I liked, but the potatoes were just three different kinds: horseradish, lobster, and sour cream and onion.  They also always bring out the trio of fries with the appropriate accompanying sauces and foccaccia bread as appetizers.
 
For dessert we finished off with their chocolate mousse dessert which I wish I hadn't eaten.

All I'm saying is for the hefty price of $74 for a piece of meat, you would expect everything to be amazing.

I'm done with you Stripsteak.  Sionara
Bing bang boom!

Truly a delightful night!

Service, drinks, food, all outstanding!

Act 1 - Pear, caramel, nougat, goodness!  A delightful sweet to get us in the mood...

Act 2 - Duck fat fries three ways, with 3 unique dipping sauces, savory sweet spicy every base was covered, these fries were amazing, one of us at the table was a strict pescatarian, the house proceeded to make some cottonseed oil fries specifically for her, with out question or request....

Act 3 - Three tunas cooked just the way I like them, not at all...  Sashimi wonderful!  The albacore was simply the best I have ever experienced buttery, fresh, sumptuous, and addictive, the kind of flavor one may pursue the rest of their life...

Act 4 - Lobster grilled cheese with tomato soup...  I could not imagine this dish being bad in any way, shape or form, it was truly excellent! 

Act 5 - Aged veal ribeye, I want to say 60 or 80 days dry aged, I can not be certain, all I know for sure, is it melted in my mouth, it had a deep flavor that only a dry aged steak can achieve, almost Smokey but not...  One of the reasons I like ribeyes is the fat and flavor, this was an exceptionally lean cut ribey but still rich in flavor, this was a top notch cut of beef for sure!

Act 5  1/2 - Two sides accompanied the main course, a mélange of puree potato, horseradish, garlic, and lobster...  where is the straw because I could have drank these!  Good stuff!  Second was a hearty portion of thick tender asparagus, baked with lots of pepper and cheese atop, pepper and cheese, two of my favorite things!

Throughout this wonderful meal excursion lots of drinks were folded in, for me mainly bourbon, for my friends martinis and wine, I was lucky enough to be dining with fun peeps, so I got to try it all, and everything was there, you know where, just where it should be!

I would come back for sure!
To be honest nothing really special.  The steak was good full of flavor and pretty good.  The decor of the place is nice.  I ordered the angus ribeye.  The steak was pretty good but very pricey.  The complementarity fries were delicious.  But i felt it didn't really live up to the hefty price tag.
There's a few ways you can look at a restaurant but a review should include all the different perspectives.  

Quality of food:  The food here is good.  Not great (4star) not amazing (5 star) just good.  The steaks were cooked perfectly how you ask and they have a pretty decent rub on them.  They are aged and tender as one would expect from any big name steak house.  They gave us a complimentary selection of pommes frittes which were delectable and the truffled mac and cheese was tasty.  However, not a single one of these items mentioned above was better than a 3.5 star rating.  

You could argue that my palate cannot discern the difference between the beefs, but I would like to at least think I can tell the difference between a grain fed cow and one that is massaged by the japanese from kobe.  It also could just be that I've had so many steakhouse steaks that an aged piece of prime beef with a generic rub of salt/pepper just is old hat to me.  

Service: The service is very good.  As expected from any high end vegas restaurant, they were very attentive and always served you with a smile.  I was amused with the sommelier we saw opening a bottle of wine.  You see, our table was right next to the small station where they open all the bottles of wine.  One table ordered one with a synthetic wine cork.  I know from experience those things are a B*^%@ to open.  It was comforting to know that a man who drinks and dispenses wine for a living also has problems with said cork.

Ambiance: Dimly lit, contemporary decor, open kitchen with the meat locker right next to it.  The restaurant is a great place for a date.  

Price: This is where I felt they fall WAY short.  We walked out of there for about 70 to 80 per person.  This included a steak and a side.  The lady got a sirloin steak and i got the ribeye.  If you've been out, you know that the sirloin is the cheaper of the few cuts.  That's why I was surprised that the total bill was pushing over 150.  

Dont' get me wrong, the strip steak was great.  The ribeye was good.  But in all honesty, I'd rather go to Ruth's Chris or Flemmings where they have something unique.  The broiled steak with butter.  Quality of the meat MIGHT not be as good but it doesn't fall too far away from that at Stripsteak.

After going to Michael Mina's in Bellagio and coming here. I was excited at first but disappointed after leaving.
It was good.. but not GREAT. 

They offered two complimentary appetizers to begin with:
1. 3 small selections of pommes frites: paprika, truffle, and duck fat each accompanied with their own dipping sauce.
my favorite has got to be the truffle pommes frites. 

2. garlic / cheese / rosemary flatbread.

As expected the price was high. But for what I've ordered: a 12oz skirt steak, medium-rare. I expected to have better presentation. Not just a slab of beef on a white plate with a half sliced baby carrot and small roasted onion as the side. I guess i was expecting a little more show for the price i'm paying.

My steak was cooked perfectly and it was juicy (well it BETTER be for the price i'm paying). But it was nothing special. I don't know - it's hard to explain.. I mean i enjoyed my steak, but it was not memorable.

I ordered a side of truffle mac & cheese. I enjoyed it a lot. It definitely has the truffle and cheese - i dont mind eating the whole thing by myself.

My friend ordered a seared ahi tuna steak.. which was not good at all. the tuna did not have any fresh tuna taste (not saying it was not fresh.. but a good tuna has a fresh taste).. this one here was kinda bland. like a fake watered down tuna taste (dunno if that even make sense, but that's how i'd describe it). I know i know, why would u even order fish at a steakhouse, right? but hey, i still think that if you're going to charge people that price, at least make it LOOK good, even if it doesn't taste good. 

The presentation for each dish was kinda boring.
I liked that they gave us complimentary bread and fries.  I liked that they kept filing my glass with water.  And I like that my food came out quickly.  I had my ahi tuna, which came out as a filet. Nice and plump.  However, everything here was just decent for me.  Nothing spectacular.
great place to visit. food were really good but our server was a kind of mean. still give em 4 stars because of food.
I can't help but update my review with another 5 star update.  

Forgive me Father (though I am Jewish) for I have sinned....sinning at Stripsteak!  How does one sin at a restaurant?  Well I am in Vegas for goodness sake!

2nd time I was there...my friend and I got our meal paid for by 40 drunk men participating in a Bacehlor party...she and I just wished we knew about it before we finished our meals.  We would have ordered a Kobe steak!

3rd time was a special treat.  Said friend and I finally treated Vegas the way it was meant to be treated!  And the employees at Stripsteak were more than happy to oblige.  (Wish I could indulge exactly what happened....but what happens in Vegas...well you know the rest) Again, meals were paid for, but this time she and I lived it up by ordering the Kobe Rib Eye, Macaroni and Cheese (OMG!) and a bunch of oysters!  And the Merlot that was served was perfect for this type of meal.

Can't wait when I go back this month...what wild stories I may have then!!!
I did not eat food here. My friends and I mainly stopped to grab a drink at the bar after a Cirque show. I had the cucumber martini and it was amazing! I didn't tast any alcohol- which I prefer. It tasted just like a cucumber. I can imagine how refreshing this drink must be on a hot summer day. The bar staff was very friendly as well.
After dining at Il Mulino, L'Atelier, Julian Serrano, our last dinner was at Stripsteak for the 3 course Prix Fixe dinner at $55/person and we ended on a positive note. First course: Blue crab chowder--chunks of crab but soup was a bit thin OR bibb salad with blue cheese dressing--good choice if you're going to overdose on the meat and carbs to come. Second course: slow poached prime rib--okay, but I still like PR the traditional way OR pay extra $10 for the ribeye steak--juicy, flavorful and worth the supplement. Third course: rootbeer float with choc chip cookies still warm from the oven--yes, this is the perfect ending to a rich meal. I loved the generous scoop of ice cream with sarsaparilla. In addition, we got pommes frites with different dippings that were excellent, and the sides to the entrees included truffle mac and cheese, creamed spinach, sliced brussels sprouts with bacon bits. You go away feeling really full!
   The service was attentive and understanding, especially since I accidentally knocked over my wine, the glass broke and wine spilled all over our entrees. They cleaned up efficiently and brought us new entrees in about 5 minutes. I would return for another great steak dinner, especially since this prix fixe is available all evening and is a great value.
I ordered the Filet Mignon. Steak was a little too salty and cooked just passed medium rare. 

I also had asparagus and the scalloped potatoes, they were both drizzled with a white sauce which was OK tasting. The complimentary fries cooked in duck fat were a nice snack before my meal but will pass on a return visit.
So I decided to give in and try a fancy schmancy place on the strip over the weekend. Usually I try to avoid restaurants on the Strip because they're overcrowded, overpriced and in general the wait is to long. Luckily I had to join my friend as she was meeting a group at StripSteak for happy hour. 

Walking up to the restaurant, we were generously greeted by the Assistant GM Miss Ashley and the rest of her hosting staff. Our group was easily accommodated since the happy hour was pretty dead. According to Miss Ashley, that was rare on a Saturday night. To me, it was luck because I would then be able to assess a fair review on this place. 

The bar area is fairly small, I would say that the big comfy purple seats do tend to take up a lot of space within that bar area that it really wasn't an ideal place for a group of 8 to be sitting. Plus we made it a little difficult for the wait staff to maneuver around. Their happy hour drink & food menu is reasonably priced. I would highly recommend their specialty, the cucumber martinish drink, it was quite refreshing and a great summertime drink. And this means a lot since I'm more of a beer drinker. The raspberry lemonade & mojitos were just ok, maybe a little to weak, but again that's just my opinion. 

My friend and I decided to try dinner so we asked the staff for a table in the dining area and were quickly accommodated. Right away we were greeted with complimentary duck fries, which we also had ordered during happy hour. These fries are cooked in duck fat so don't worry it's not any crazy duck part, which I would have hoped for. There are three different rings of fries - paprika smoked, truffle and garlic Parmesan. The sauces were just ok, it was the general concept of ketchup, BBQ sauce and truffle aioli but of course more upscale. I preferred to munch on the suckers without any of the sauces. 

Our waiter, Steve, was awesome. He highly recommended the Rib Cap & Filet Mignon, along with a side of truffle mac & cheese and honestly it was phenomenal. The Filet Mignon was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and just melted in your mouth. The Rib cap, which is the end part of the rib eye, was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The truffle mac & cheese was definitely the best truffle mac & cheese I have experienced in a while. Most tend to be dry but this one was moist and also had pieces of broccoli that it never lost it's flavor. We also had a side of asparagus with a horseradish blanc sauce. I couldn't complain about anything. At first I laughed at the portion size but then as we kept eating I was actually pretty full. Also it might have been the alcohol we had prior to dinner! And me not knowing if you are allowed to take a doggy bag from such places, found the inner strength to finish our food, it truly was like a scene out of Man vs Food. 

But wait, we weren't done! WTH? Steve charmed us into trying dessert, I figured what the heck, let's go all out! We ordered the beignets with their chocolate butterscotch pudding. Whew! I think I was getting drunk off the pudding, I might have been able to light a fire. However, the beignets were soft and moist and perfectly fried. 

Overall the ambiance of StripSteak is great, perfect for a date or just to people watch from the bar. It did tend to get busier as the night progressed. Yes it's quite pricey but honesty I have to say it was the best experience I have had in a while at a Strip restaurant. Michael Mina did a phenomenal job with this place and all the employees were great. To see the AGM serving drinks, chatting with customers, waiting on guests, cleaning tables and bringing out checks says a lot about the employee morale. She helped making the dining experience that much better.

The only thing I would say is that yes the meat platters need to have a little more presentation. Maybe had a sprig of rosemary or something, just to give it a little more color and pizzazz.. 

Food for thought - 1) make sure you have reservations 2) make sure you give yourself enough time to have dinner as our evening lasted over 4 hours 3) if you can't stomach rich food, be aware that some of their steaks are cooked with butter. Yay for TUMS! 4) All sides are al a carte so expect to pay over $100 for a 2 person dinner.
This is either the best steakhouse I've ever been to or it's in the top two. 

Items ordered (with my comments):

Apps
Duck fat Fries - Truffle sauce was my favorite
Filet Tartare - Wonderful! You must get this.
Duck - Very good.

Entrees
8oz American Kobe Rib Cap - One of, if not the best steak I've ever had.
8oz American Kobe Kobe Filet - Good.
18oz Dry-Aged Bone-in Rib eye - 2nd best steak I tried. I would order this every time if the Rib Cap was not available.

Sides
Mac & Cheese truffled - Amazing! Get this too!
Potato Puree Trio - Lobster and horseradish were my favorite.
Baby Brussels Sprouts - A little salty, but really good.
Roasted Mushrooms - Delicious
Scalloped Potatoes - Good

I was fortunate that we had a lot of people there and we all shared items. If I was ever going by myself, this would be my order:

App
Fries
Filet Tartare

Entree
8oz American Kobe Rib Cap or 18oz Dry-Aged Bone-in Rib eye (edge to Rib Cap)

Side
Mac & Cheese truffled
Stripsteak is a Michael Mina restaurant in Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas. 

Start with duck and sashimi .. The duck appetizer was fantastic. 5. Sashimi was awesome too, and the nice touch is that there was real wasabe and not the pasty generic kind. Tasty and sentious : 4.75 out of 5.

Ginger beer nice selection, as suggested by the server when I ordered ginger ale. 4.5

Flight of fries was cute and noshy.. very bistro chic. 4.5

Marrow : delicious and rich. Served with perfectly sized toastettes... 5

Dry aged rib eye 3.5 out of 5. Hate to say it, but a bit too much marbling and gristle. I would rate the meat quality as a choice cut, but not prime or Angus. Also, I would have expected the steak to be served decently hot, but it came to the table cooler than being let to rest after cooking.  The smokey (Alder) was a bit more overwhelming than expected and I felt it impeded the taste you should be getting from proper aged beef.  I know I'm being a bit critical here, but I have had awesome creations from Mina and know he can purvey far better. Maybe it was an off night.. 

Noise: dang loud. But it's Vegas. 

Service: Decent but seemingly with slow dips. I was disappointed with a few things though. The server was very nice for the most part but did two things a server should not do:

First:  Please never clear one diner's plate before the other diner has finished the course. IT isn't proper etiquette. 

Second:  when offered the taste of the ginger beer, it truly was a good selection. I hadn't even drank the ginger ale yet. The server was a tad patronizing in stating she would get me the ginger beer as well, and did not remove the ginger ale from the tab. Partially my fault for not asking for a taste, but the proper manner should have been to be offered a taste first before bringing me both. I know it wasn't malicious.. and it was during the Consumer Electronics Show, so she may have had her fill with attendees that didn't know proper dining etiquette.  2/5

I say overall itWould I go back? Yes.. Kinda like learning a new country and their customs, I know what to focus on more. I'll be back in Vegas in a few weeks and will give them a try again because I do see the potential.
DUCK FAT FRIES.

Seriously.
Steak here is quite bomb-good! It's a Michael Mina restaurant, so his signature style is interpreting an ingredient in 3 different preparations and flavors. So I was excited when this came out first while we decide on drinks.

TRIO OF DUCK FAT FRIES (comp amuse) - 5 stars
1. Smoked paprika and mustard fries w/a smoked paprika and mustard crème fraîche dip 
2. Truffle fries with a truffle aïoli dip
3. Rosemary and onion fries with an onion ketchup dip

I love french fries and these were cooked right. Fresh potatoes were cut and fried to perfection. The exterior was crispy and the inside was soft with a richer taste coz of the duck fat.

Our table didn't get the 2nd complimentary dish, the olive oil focaccia. I should have asked, but I wanted to save room for steak.

STRIP-PEAR ($13) - 4 stars
I chose the Strip-Pear martini. It's made with Grey Goose La Poire (Anjou pear flavored vodka), lychee puree (instead of the usual pear puree) and fresh lime juice. Pear was the main flavor with a hint of lychee. It was sweet and medium strong... nice.

Other drinks we got were: Guinness ($8), Stella Artois ($8), New Castle ($7) and Lustau Solera ($13).

18oz DRY-AGED BONE-IN RIB EYE ($51) - 4 stars
10oz FILET MIGNON ($54) - 4.5 stars
All of our steaks came out medium/high warm. Note, after grilling steaks need to rest for the juices redistribute. Both steaks were super tasty and tender with a smokey and peppery finish. All 4 (1 rib eye and 3 filets) steaks were cooked perfectly as requested. 

The plate presentation is simple: steak, a whole roasted shallot and yellow pepper and garnished with a small sprig of thyme. No fluffy presentation for the main dish. There's room on the plate to place your sides.  It's a steakhouse after all.

I asked out server how the steaks are cooked and she said, "They're poached then grilled and basted with a wine butter." I did some research to get the details of how they cook their steaks.

Step 1: Steaks are placed in slow-poaching chambers, which enhances flavor and tenderness. The meat heats for several hours at a low temperature. 

Step 2: Steaks are then grilled on a cast iron grill above mesquite wood. The wood gives every cut of steak a nice subtle smokiness.

POTATO PUREE TRIO ($14)  - 4 stars
Another trio dish we ordered. The 3 flavors were: horseradish, lobster and sour cream. The puree was seasoned nicely. All of the purees were smooth, rich and creamy. 

BACON-CREAMED SPINACH ($10) - 4 stars
The crowd fav was the creamed spinach. It was made with spinach, heavy cream, shallot, garlic, butter, nutmeg, S&P and topped with bacon crumbs.

PASSION FRUIT PANNA COTTA ($12) - 4 stars
Passion fruit pieces, red grape fruit, thin slices of avocado, and coconut sorbet sit atop the panna cotta. The panna cotta itselft was refreshing, light and subtle sweet. The avocado gave the dessert extra creaminess and weight. While the grapefruit and coconut sorbet gave it a tart and sweet pairing.

MILK CHOCOLATE CUSTARD ($12) - 3.5 stars
Small red velvet cake pieces, powder sugar, toasted pecans, cocoa nib ice cream lay on top of the chocolate custard. This dessert was smooth and rich like a very thick pudding. The topping provided a nice contrast.

I was so full by the end of dinner. Anyhow, the steak dinner was a nice way to close out our weekend of Vegas fun. Cost for a party of 4 with tax was $335 (alcohol $49, steaks $213, sides $24 and dessert $24). 

Reduce costs by 1) get alkie during happy hour 4-7pm at the bar, 2) non-big eaters share a steak or 3) order the prix fixe menu 3-courses for $55. Prix fixe only offers chicken or prime rib. 

Overall, my experience was good. It's better than all of the chain steakhouses: Fleming's, Ruth's Chris, Morton's, BLT Steak, etc. Next steakhouses, I'd like to try is Mastro's and CUT.
Have been to many of the "best" Las Vegas steak restaurants and Stripsteak is our favorite. 

Duck fat fries are good, primarily because they are complimentary. They are crispy french fries with great dipping sauces and seasonings. I wouldn't make a special trip here just for the fries though. 

Focaccia, mac and cheese and creamed corn were fabulous! So was the steak! We had the filet. It was perfectly seasoned and cooked. 

The service was excellent and right on par with what you would expect for a restaurant of this caliber. My husband and I split the filet due to my dietary restrictions. Some servers at other restaurants were noticeably unhappy about the reduced pp check avg. The server at Stripsteak continued to provide exceptional service throughout the meal, even though we did split the steak.
REALLY loved this place. Food was excellent but service and atmosphere made all the difference. The second you sit down wait staff arrives with a trio of french fries and sauces. Yum! And a mini cast iron skillet of yummy bread. Sashimi appetizer was good qualtiy, nothing super special. Got bone in prime rib and KC strip steak. Get the bone in, it was ridiculously delicious. Strip was good, just not special. Mushrrom side was great. Mac/chs good.
My favorite steak house by my favorite chef, Michael Mina.  They used to have grits with shaved truffle as a side and those were amazing--and I don't like grits--so sad when I went 2 months ago and they were no longer on the menu.  Brussels sprouts side--I don't like Brussels sprouts and these were super tasty (I think they normally have bacon in them but we had asked for them without).  The appetizer special last time I went was braised veal cheek--wow, so tender and flavorful--I loved this!  I think I'm considered strange and love skirt steak.  This cut just has so much flavor.  It doesn't have that ohh ahh people say about ribeye...but I still love skirt steak.  Steaks here have a smokey flavor which I love.  Try Stripsteak and I promise you will want to try some of Michael Mina's other establishments, like American Fish (Aria hotel, LV) and Michael Mina (Bellagio hotel, LV).
Best steak we've all collectively ever had.  Better than Ruths and all the others.  Sizes & Apps pretty good.  They get a 5 for the Ribeye, Duckfat Fries & Mac n Cheese.  Just so tender and tasty meat flavor.
Way overpriced for what you get.  Wasn't bad, but wasn't great.
By far one of my favorite Vegas restaurants!!! This place is just amazing...I really have nothing bad to say about it at all.  Whenever I eat here, I just feel euphoria!  The food is that amazing!  If you decide to dine in, definitely make reservations just to be on the safe side.  The wine list is incredible, so many amazing wines to choose from.  As an appetizer, definitely go with the Duck Fat Fries!!! I also had the West Coast Oysters and the East Coast Oysters appetizer plates, but I do prefer the East Coast more! You won't go wrong with the American Kobe beef burger or the American Kobe beef steak...they are a must have!!!  I can't wait till they are able to import the Japanese Kobe beef...that is what I am waiting for and definitely worth the wait, so I hear!!!  As side dishes, the spinach, asparagus, macaroni, mushrooms, scalloped potatoes are all good.  Like I said earlier, this is by far one of my fav places to dine out in Vegas!!!  I know that I will have an amazing experience every time!  The service is also amazing and they are on point with everything!
Steak? Yes please!

I can't get enough of good ol red meat. I have tried the lamb, ribeye and NY strip here. All to die for and all cooked to perfection. What sold me more than any of that were the sides. They were the best part of my meal. That's hard to do when there's a nice juicy steak sitting in front of me, but the brussel sprouts, mushrooms and french fries stole the show. 

All delicious, all the time. The vibe here is pretty great too. Perfect for out of town guests, a date with your honey or a family night out. This place is versatile and has a great atmostphere. The servers are all really friendly and helpful too. Come for happy hour, it's pretty groovy.

Definitely worth a trip to the strip.
Amazing steak house.  I ate here last week and had the ribeye which was to DIE for!!!!!  The chef also treats you to a sampling of the different french fries which is also amazing.  My other favorite steak house is Michael Jordan's @ mohegan sun in CT.  This place is AMAZING, if you love steak this place is for you.
Wow this was a great meal. The food overall tonight was simply amazing. Some dishes were a miss but most of them were amazing. The way the restaurant looked was beautiful. A big seating area with exceptional service. The complimentary duck fat fries set off a great tone. Three different duck fat fries flavors with three different sauces. I was very impressed with this complimentary dish that I was going to ask for more. For my main course I ordered the wagyu kobe filet. I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly cooked. It tasted so soft and flavorful. One of the best steaks I've ever had. The sides I tried were the potato puree, asparagus, spinach souflee, truffle mac and cheese, and crab cakes. My favorites were the potato puree which was a very soft whipped mashed potato in three different flavors. Amazing presentation and amazing tastes. My other favorite was the truffle mac and cheese. I just couldn't get enough of that thing. This is how all my meals should be. 

Recommendation: Wagyu filet steak, truffle mac and cheese, and potatoe puree
Most amazing steak I've ever had!!

This place is all it's cracked up to be and more.
1st they start you off with their house special complimentery fries. 3 diff flavors.  Herb, truffle, and paprika. Each with their own dipping sauce. Very tasty.
For the main course, I went with 8oz kobe cap. Hands down the best steak I have ever had!!! My fiance had the fillet mignon. Also very good but doesn't hold a candle to the kobe cap. 
For sides we went with the truffled mac n cheese which was basically a party in your mouth with every bite. A MUST..and an asparagus dish which was very yummy a well.

I highly recommend this place!!!
I went here during the dinner rush, 8:30 pm.  We were staying in THEhotel at Mandalay Bay so it was convenient.  

Started off at the bar with a round of drinks.  We were seated pretty quickly after since we had a reservation.  We got the french fries, herb, truffle, and paprika.  They were delicious.  Our waiter Heather was really friendly and an excellent server not too annoying but also helpful in making appropriate suggestions.  She even brushed it off diplomatically when one of the guys at our table hit on her.

We ordered some sides, the brussel sprouts with bacon, mac and cheese, and mushrooms (I wish I could offer more descriptive recaps but I was hammered).

I ordered the filet mignon medium rare and it was perfect.  I've been to fancy steak houses before and this definitely makes the cut if you will as one of the nicer ones.  Some of the guys at our table ordered the Kobe cap steak which they also enjoyed.  

The filet was the right size, 10 oz and I wasn't able to eat it all after all the fries and other sides.  We got free gourmet popcorn which was a nice touch.  

The sommelier wandered around and we ordered an Oregon Pinot Noir which was nice and I took a to-go cup because I'm classy like that.  I wandered out almost with the glass and they offered me a plastic cup, ahhh I just love Vegas.

The setting is at once modern and accessible, not pretentious.  They showcase the steaks being aged which is a cool touch.  Seats in the dining room provide for a lively setting but don't go here and expect a quiet dinner.  

Everyone from the bus boys to the servers to the hosts operate smoothly and efficiently.  Vegas has so many dining options these days which is a far cry from the buffet troughs of yesteryear.
oh love...

the meal starts with an "amuse" of triple fries courtesy of the chef.. and boy they are all delicious and i wanted more at the end.

our table ordered the ribeye, filet mignon and the kansas city. the filet was delicious but the ribeye was amazing.

we also ordered the scalloped potatoes for the table. really delicious but very heavy.. one or two bites will make your heart melt.

for dessert they had a mini donut special with dark chocolate and carmel sauce that was divine. ill be back here when im in vegas again!
Awesome service, excellent food. I ate so much I felt like I was going to pop but it was all so good that I could not leave anything behind. I ate a beet salad with burata cheese, duck fat fries, bacon wrapped lobster skewers, truffled mac & cheese, & a steak. Wow, enough food for about 3 people but there was absolutely nothing left on the plate when I walked away. If the food was anything less than great I would not have eaten it all... Do yourself a favor & eat here
This place gets really packed during dinner, so make reservations if anything. The restaurant itself is very nice and attire is business casual.

The hostess takes you to your table to be seated and she actually takes the napkin and places it on your lap... which was weird for me.

The service here is awesome and very attentive. They refill your water before it even reaches half way. They come to check on you every 15 minutes or so to make sure everything is fine.

The dry-aged bone-in rib eye was cooked perfectly for me. It was tender and moist. The spinach was good and so was the scalloped potatoes. I The mac n cheese was good but I'm not a fan of truffles.

They also give you complimentary fries while waiting for your food. It's cooked three different ways and comes with three different dipping sauces.
Update:

To my splendid surprise, the manager of Stripsteak, Ashley, saw my review on yelp and invited me back for complimentary appetizers and drinks. As far as customer service goes, this is the best I've experienced. Ashley really made me feel welcomed.

I ordered the maine crab chowder and the lobster fritter:

Crab Chowder: this soup was fantastic. The chunks of crab in the soup were huge and incredibly fresh. The soup itself was silky smooth, flavorful and reminded you of the sea.

Lobster fritter: these fritters were also really good. they look like miniature corn dogs but with bacon wrapped lobster in a light batter. Per Ashley's instructions, you are to squeeze the lime onto the fritter, then dabble a good amount of creme fresh, and then wrap it in butter lettuce. The results were short of genius. The butter lettuce gave it a good balance to offset any oiliness the batter may have. 

p.s. Order the raspberry martini. It was strong as shit. next time, i'm definitely going to order the filet tartare and the kobe shabu shabu.

Old Review: I ordered the now legendary American Kobe Rib Cap with Truffled Mac N Cheese. The server also brought out a complimentary trio of fries: truffle, herb, and cajun. The truffle aioli was out of this world. Unfortunately, I can't be this complimentary with the rest of the meal.

Let's start with the Truffled Mac N Cheese. This was a great dish. It wasn't too creamy and it wasn't too runny. The consistency was perfect. The cheese wasn't overpowering, so the truffle was able to shine through.

My problem with STRIPSTEAK was their overrated Kobe Rib Cap. What I received was way too salty. With a steak valued at nearly $70, I expected perfection. I do give them props for the way they cooked the steak though. The crust was crisp, and the center was tender. It would be a great piece of meat if they didn't dump a ton of salt on it.
We went here for Dinner on a Sunday night, the ambiance is good and we were staying at Mandalay so this was a logical choice.
We had no reservations but were seated quickly. 
The service is terrible, we waited almost and hour for our food. The fries were good--but cold. My husband ordered the rib-eye...this was room temperature and so was the mac and cheese. I got the salmon which was good and so were the scalloped potatoes. My brothers skirt steak was unbelievably salty. It seems like the whole restaurant got free dessert--us included because of the terrible service. I would definitely not recommend this place, overpriced and over hyped.
love this place....prob the best steak i ever had here, tremendous apps....ok ambiance though!
While staying at Mandalay Bay for a convention, we ate at Stripsteak, and so glad we did!

No reservations, but no problem ... we were seated immediately.  I ordered the 10 oz filet with asparagus ... OMG I thought I had died and gone to filet heaven!!  It was stellar!!  Tender and delicious ... it's everything I could ask for in a filet.  And the fries that are served complimentary ... let's put it this way ... I don't eat fried food, but I found myself devouring these.  They brought 3 different seasoned fries and I couldn't really tell you what the seasoning was on each, but who cares!!  YUM!

We had no issues with service.  Everything was fantastic!
Mandalay Bay offers some great restaurant.com deals and this one of the places that we decided use the giftcard and try out!

The restaurant started the night with some complimentary duck-fat fries that were unique and extremely good! The menu was extensive in its selection of steak. There were a great variety of types of meat from T-bone to Kobe cap. We ordered the lobster salad w/ grapefruit vinaigrette. It had a slight tanginess to the sweet fresh lobster. I ordered the diver scallops w/ cajun spice--which actually didn't wow me at all. It basically was grilled scallops w/ lemon for $40.  My boyfriend ordred 18 oz. bone-in rib eye which was a hearty portion! I actually liked his steak a lot more than my own scallops. We also ordered the Mac & Cheese in truffle oil and mushrooms. Both of which were amazingly good and I would recommend that you order it w/ your meat! The truffle oil gave the Mac & Cheese a distinct taste that separated it from your typical American/Cheddar mac & cheese. 

Honestly, I felt like the food was good here, but it's definitely too expensive for the portion that they give you. I have been to other steak houses that offered the same type of food for a little bit cheaper. Definitely try it but keep in mind that it might break your bank.
Went on a Sunday,  wow the place looked great and was hungry.  Placed our order and thought we were all set....10 min later the fries arrived,  awesome especially the truffle dip. 

Then the waiting began,  an hour and fifteen minutes passed before our order did arrive,  i had the steak and my wife had the scallops.  Well it was not worth the wait.  I thought my steak was dipped in salt,  I could not taste the steak,  the salt was over powering.  I could taste it throughout and it left a very bad taste on my palate.  My wife's scallops were over salted too.  Then i start hearing from the table next to me,  told you we should of went to jack in the box. They offered free desserts to a lot of tables, including ours which was nice,  i did not have our meal replaced cause i thought it may take too long and was so hungry so I did a little patting with my napkin to reduce the salt and finished with a large glass of water., but i do not think I am coming back. Maybe a bad day for them but for what you pay you expect good food.
The best meal I had since I landed in Vegas for work!

The foi gras slider was delicious. Which was recommended by my fellow yelp friend Linda L. 

I also ordered the foi gras on the side , next to my kobe cap,. MMM it was so good and so worth it. 

My kobe cap wasn't that great and the medium rare was TOO rare and bloody.  They were nice enough to bring it back and cook it some more,. but I got so full from all the appetizers and small plate that I couldn't finish the steak. The waitress recommended this steak,. but I think I could have done with out it and just ordered a regular filet.  

My favorite of all time is the bone marrow,. not as good as Marlowe in SF,. but it def complimented my meal. 

If you are staying in Mandalay bay like I did for a conference,. I recommend the 2 foi gra dish and bone marrow!!
skip the buffets, go to strip steak.

Our sommelier selected the perfect wine choice for me
The foi grass slider melted in my mouth
the lettuce slides were umm, cute. lol
the fries, delicious considering I dont care for them
filet mignot, will be the only steak ill be eating from now on

We also got free dessert from the chef, No idea what it was called but they gave us some fruity dessert that consisted with lime ice cream and grapefruit and the other (my fav) choc ice cream, with pieces of red velvet cake under chocolate pudding. yum!
This was a celebration type dinner for myself, my fiancee, and my future in-laws.  Quite pricey for what they're serving, but everyone really liked what they ordered.
I just paid $14 for peas.  

I guess I was expecting something magical about the English peas but they looked like regular old green giant to me.  I like peas.  So when the gentleman behind the bar described them as "phenomenal", I was all in.  Phenomenal was kind of a reach but with the pancetta and fennel mixed in, they were tasty.

I like this place.  I stopped in for dinner at the bar and it was definitely the most entertaining seat in the house.  I never knew that people slammed martinis like teenagers on spring break but apparently they do.  Seems like it would be much more efficient to just buy a handle of Skol.  But I digress.

I started out with a Rockin' Rye, which is a pre mixed house concoction of rye, rum, "aromatics & herbs" served with one giant ice cube.  It's kind of fun that they have it up lit in a glass decanter on the bar.  It's a pretty good cocktail.

For dinner I ordered the loup de mer, which is prepared mesquite grilled with a little olive oil...and the peas.  I'm really glad that I didn't order a potato since the chef surprised me with a complimentary round of duck fat fries in three flavors.  Wow, those fries are good.  Old bay, herb, and truffle seasoned with specialty sauces.  All were delicious.

All in all, the food here is fantastic.  This dinner was great but I still have memories of the amazing kobe burger I had last time.  So good!  I won't hesitate to come back for more.
After waiting for about 1 hour for our entrees to arrive cold, I can't recommend STRIPSTEAK. It was a hassle to even find our waiter and I had to go ask the hostess for assistance twice, after we were seated. Had reservations and still had to wait for table that they were "cleaning." The table was already set up and actually was within the view of the front door where we stood waiting. 

I don't know if the management or the staff is to blame. Nothing at Mandalay was impressive and this was the worst. Even after they apologized for the time, the steak that was sent out cold was just reheated and therefore not the medium rare we requested. What kind of steakhouse sends out a cold porterhouse?! Why waste this cut of meat?
A Michael Mina restaurant!
 
Here, Happy Hour starts from 4pm to 7pm. The bottled beer costs $3 and well drinks/specialty cocktails $6. Sat in the very comfortable lounge and ordered off the lounge menu- oysters and a trio of duck fat fries- herb, truffle, and old bay. It was all very delicious. Oysters fresh, fries tasty. An indulgent happy hour treat! Although the beer was cheap, there were no special prices off the food so we moved on to the next happy hour just a few steps away.. (see my next review on Fleur by Hubert Keller)
I LOVED this restaurant. We were lucky enough to find a discount online because the price is definitely high but worth every penny.  We were treated to 2 complimentary appetizers, french fries with special dips and a bread.  The streaks were delicious.  
The atmosphere is upscale but very loud. I don't mind because I like the hustle and bustle but some might find it intrusive. 
Our servers were friendly and cute(hey it never hurts!)
Best Steakhouse ever. I came here with a few close friends to celebrate my bachelor's party in Vegas, and this was one of the most memorable dinners ever. The decor is swanky and clean, sitting area is not that big, with a small bar and lounge area. After we sat down, the waiter brought out the complimentary duck fat fries in a trio of flavors - herb, truffle, and old bay, each with a different sauce. Very asty. The drinks are a bit pricey like the $14 Cucumber Martini (alcohol is light, but the cucumber is very cool and refreshing). We started with a dozen oysters (very small, but the taste is very strong, very fresh). Our table all ordered the 18oz dry aged bone-in rib eye, medium rare (very well seasoned, juicy, melts in your mouth steak - couldn't get enough of it and at the end I kind of wished I had ordered the 30oz porterhouse instead). We got the roasted marrow bones on the side (bones were a bit smaller than what I had elsewhere but still good). For sides, we got the truffled mac and chees (this is a MUST - the truffle flavor is strong) and also the potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream/onion, horseradish) which went well with the steak but it was just okay. Service was helpful, friendly, and attentive.
My wife and I dined at Stripsteak 2 nights ago and had an average dinner. The fried and focaccia bread served in the skillet were very good. The Lobster roll appetizer was very bland. The bone in Rib Eye was tender but not much taste.  I have  been to ; Del Frisco's (5 star), Prime (3 stars), Delmonico's (4 stars), Craftsteak, (3 stars). I have been to Del Frisco's numerous times and have never been dissapointed.
L-O-V-E-D it. Seriously. The real muscle behind this yelp review is my husband who rates Steak very seriously. He is SO picky with his steak, its annoying for me. I don't like steak so much. I'll keep this review short and simple. 

Service - A+++! Our waiter impressed us with his recommendations, his manner, and how attentive he was during dinner. I heart him. 

Food - A+! My husband ordered the skirt steak with a add-on of crab legs. Originally he ordered the lobster tail, but our waiter recommended the crab legs, since they are a bit bigger, more bang for your buck! (I said that not the waiter lol) He LOVED it. He was smiling the whole time. He was happy that the waiter recommended the crab legs because he loved them too! 

I ordered the Kobe burger. I ordered it well done. I always order my meat well done. My burger came out kinda charred. Not sure if it was the "well-done" factoring in. I actually had to cut the top and bottom off the patty so I could taste the flavor of the meat. It wasn't a big deal. Like I said I am not a big meat person. I didn't mind if my meat patty was 1/2 the size in the end. If I ate here again, I would def not order the burger. I was eying the roasted chicken.. maybe I'll get that next time. 

The sides! The mac and cheese is a must order! We also ordered the scalloped potatoes which wasn't AMAZINGLY good. For 2 people I would say one side order would've been adequate. We barely touched the potatoes. Probably because I ate all the fries... 

My husband wants to come back every time we are in Vegas. Yes, it made him that happy. And trust me this guy is hard to please!
What a GREAT PLACE....

Started the dinner with a glass of scotch and ended with a glass (how every dinner should be!).

Came here with a group of guys during our guys weekend to Vegas.  We started with the Duck Fat Fries and Foie Gras Sliders.  Both were awesome and highly recommended.  Foie Gras Sliders melts in your mouth!!!

For the entree, I had the 8oz Wagyu American Kobe Rib "Eye"

By far one of the best pieces of steaks I have ever had.  It was soft like a marshmallow and melted like one in my mouth.  During the meal of course we ordered a nice bottle of wine or two and it really brought out the flavor of the meal.

For sides we had the, Truffle Mac and Cheese, Asparagus, Scalloped Potatoes, and the Bone Marrow.

All awesome, but the Bone Marrow really stood out of the bunch.

Now for dessert....

We all had a glass of scotch and ordered some Beignets with some aged whiskey sauce and creme brulee sauce.  Man that was awesome as well.  Crispy on the outside and soft as a pillow on the inside.

All in all a great meal, due to the fact that every course was great.  I did not have one bad thing and the service was wonderful as well.

The place is expensive, but you should know that before going in and just forget the price and enjoy the night with some of the best steak you will have.

So do it to it and try Strip Steak next time you are in Sin City!!!
I seriously LOVED this place!

We started with the lettuce cups and I wasn't expecting much; blown away from the get-go. There were 6 of these delicious little morsels which consisted of iceberg lettuce topped with melon ball sized crab louie, avocado and slivers of red onion. Very tasty!

Compliments of the chef, we received 3 different kinds of duck fat fries each with it's own dipping sauce. These were ridiculously good, foodgasmic even!

I had the 10 oz. filet and was once again impressed! It was seared to perfection, almost to the point that I thought it might be overcooked. I was stoked when I cut in and found it was a perfect medium rare, just as I requested. I wish they offered a petite filet...  With our entrees we had the truffled mac & cheese and asparagus.  I would skip the asparagus next time and opt for just the mac & cheese, which stole the show.

By the end of this meal I was in a full-blown food coma. I almost shed a tear at the remaining food we couldn't will ourselves to consume. 

No room for dessert this time. 

Our waiter was attentive without being intrusive. 

Can't wait to go back!
The following review is based on one dinner experience:

FOOD: 5 stars

Appetizer - Trio of Duck Fat Fries
Each meal is preceded by a complimentary order of the trio of duck fat fries.  The trio includes:

1.  Paprika and mustard fries accompanied with a mustard crème dip
2. Truffle fries accompanied with truffle aïoli dip
3. Rosemary and onion fries accompanied with onion ketchup dip

My taste buds couldn't really tell the difference between duck fat fries and fries cooked in regular vegetable oil.  The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The fries aren't particularly better than any other restaurant quality fries, but they make for a nice "complimentary" appetizer while waiting for your meal.  

There's more than enough pics of the fries on Yelp so you can get a glimpse of the appearance and presentation.  


Entrees:

The steak entrees have a very simple presentation with just the meat, a grilled scallion, and grilled yellow pepper on a large plate.  Both steaks smelled like they were hot off the grill.  

1. 16oz Dry-Aged Bone In Rib Eye (medium well)  $51

This particular steak is more fatty than the Filet Mignon and Kansas City Strip.  The fattiness contributes to the melts in your mouth factor.  Not a piece of this meat had that dry chewy quality that separates good steaks from bad steaks.  I'm not sure how the meat was seasoned, but there was a subtle spiciness that enhanced the flavor of the meat.  

2. 10oz Filet Mignon (medium well)  $54

This steak was my favorite.  Once again the meat was tender and flavorful.  Although it wasn't fatty like the rib eye, it was still amazingly moist and melted in my mouth.  


SERVICE: 5 stars

Our server was very quick, attentive, and friendly.  She was all about enhancing "the experience".   She was also accommodating to all our special requests and knowledgeable.  What I thought was cool about this place was that when I asked for another side of the mustard for the fries, they didn't just bring me a small cup, but decent sized bowl.  

I thought it was kind of annoying though that as we left, every person who worked there said goodnight to us.  I understand the concept of service, but having all your employees say good night to customers who they had no interaction with comes off as a bit fake.  

I noticed some reviewers complaining that service was slow.  They must have gone during a busy weekend because we were quickly seated and had no issues with slow service.  


Misc. Info:

Stripsteak is good for a date, dinner with friends, or a celebration dinner.  It's not super formal, but I wouldn't come here wearing shorts and a wife beater.  

If you come with a date, you're likely to be seated near the bar where they have more seating for 2.  Most of the restaurant seems organized based on seating groups.  

Get the deal on www.restaurant.com
Oh man.... prepare yourself for goodness!!

I got a coupon from restaurant.com which is the only reason we found this gem. We were staying on the complete opposite end of the strip, so we are lucky to have made our way down here!

Despite the $50 gift certificate, we had no illusions of a cheap meal. We had checked out their menu online and were prepared to pay. Which is a good thing!

We had a reservation on Friday night, and were promptly seated when we arrived. The wait staff was on it! While we had a main waitress, there were several others around who were quick to fill our wine glasses or remove an empty plate. 

It didn't take long for us to order as we both new we were having steak. I ordered the Filet Mignon (medium rare) and my husband the New York strip (medium) with a lobster tail. We also ordered a side of Mac 'n Cheese and Spinach. 

Before our meal, they brought out a sample of their duck fat fries. They were good, and we were presented with three varieties paired with a sauce. I'm not sure I would order them again, only because the rest of the food was amazing!

Our steaks were cooked to perfection! Cut with a fork they were so tender! While the two sides were way too much for two of us, they were a great accompaniment. We savored every bite!

We also ordered a $90 bottle of wine. That is way more than we usually pay for wine (in fact, this whole meal was more than our biweekly food budget!), but it was awesome. Unfortunately we both drank too much of it to remember the name! Bottom line- just let them pick the wine. They won't disappoint!

While it was not needed, we indulged in the marscapone cheesecake. WOW. A perfectly light end to a great meal!

Our total bill was about $350. Typically I would have been struggling to breath at that price, but not this night. Maybe it was the wine that had relaxed me, but I woke up the next morning still feeling good about the money spent. 

Excellent food, great service, we'll be back in 5 years when we can afford it again!
In Vegas for a Sales Conference this past weekend, and after the never ending business buffets exhausted my patience, I was ready for a night out and a good meal. Nobody however wanted to leave the hotel, so we decided on shall I say THEY decided on "stripsteak" at Mandalay Bay.  I tried hard to talk them out of this as I had eaten here about 2 years ago with 8 people and it was absolutely horrible, but they insisted. With that said I am very happy they talked me out of it as this experience was completely different from our previous visit.

1st off ambiance wise you can't beat the place. Very trendy yet elegant. Service staff spot on. Complimentary Appetizer - Trio of Duck Fat Fries
Each meal is preceded by a complimentary order of the trio of duck fat fries.  The trio includes:

1.  Paprika and mustard fries accompanied with a mustard crème dip
2. Truffle fries accompanied with truffle aïoli dip
3. Rosemary and onion fries accompanied with onion ketchup dip
The Truffle fries great and the best of the 3 but nice touch instead of the regular bread & Butter. 

Onward we go. Glasses of wine ordered as nobody wanted the same thing, and a bit pricey per glass but nice selection. 

3 of us tonight so it was 3 Steaks and two sides I'll keep it simple.

A: KC Bone in NY Strip Charred medium. (Cooked to perfection)Tasty, moist, juicy, a 10 on the steak scale.

B: Bone in Rib Eye Charred Medium (See above Perfection)

C.  Slow poached prime rib perhaps the weakest of the 3 but still very good, not as thick as I would have preferred if I was ordering it.

Sides Truffle Mac & Cheese & Bacon Cream Spinach

Spinach "GREAT" simply stated

Truffle Mac & Cheese Great except for one thing, no mention of broccoli in this dish yet it had pieces of it and I hate broccoli. Taste was exceptional aside from the unwanted greens.

No Deserts...  A quick meal with excellent service, super food in great ambiance..  Won a few bucks at the dice table afterwards to pay for this thing....
Greetings from your resident picky eater.  I know you are probably surprised to see me write a review of a steak house considering I don't like steak and normally these hoyty toyty establishments do not cater to those with a palate of a five year old.  

Let me set the scene.  My husband advised me he is taking me out to dinner yet would not tell me where.  This alarms me because after knowing each other for nine years he still tries to surprise me by taking me to placing such as Prime Rib Loft and PF Changs.  Guess where we are going??  StripSteak.  Apparently, you can get a coupon on restaurants.com and so he wanted to give it a try.  Panic sets in as I am worried what will I eat.. again I don't like steak and I especially don't like a steak I would have to pay $50 dollars for.  My husband Michael assures me he has looked over the menu and told me they have chicken dishes and even mac & cheese.

Upon arrival we are seating and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable.  Michael had advised them we are there to celebrate my birthday.  It was two weeks ago but if I know my husband he was hoping to get a free dessert out of it.  There was a very nice happy birthday card placed at our table which I thought was a very nice touch.  

Looking at the menu.. oh dear oh dear there is ONE chicken dish.. not chicken dishes (plural) as Michael had indicated.  Organic chicken it is.  Michael opts for the kobe beef burger.  I order a corona and Michael orders a Pepsi.  (Stay tuned as the Pepsi will come into play later on in my story)

We are then provided a sample of the duck fat fries three ways with three different dipping sauces.  They consisted of old bay seasoned fries, rosemary garlic type fries, and plain duck fat fries.  The sauces were some mustard crème nonsense (which kind of tasted like ranch), ketchup, and truffle aioli.  May I just say that the truffle aioli was amazing.  Who would have thought it would win over ketchup in my mind.  While enjoying our delicious fries, Michael is especially entertained in watching the people constantly stop to take pictures at their famous boob sculpture in the walkway to the Conference Center. 

Meal arrives.  My plate is very fancy with some onion jus drizzled around the plate and a lovely piece of chicken on top of some truffle mac & cheese.  Michael wastes no time diving into his kobe burger for which I think he foodgasmed after the first bite.  Now my chicken report.  It was delicious!!! So moist and flavorful - it better be for $30 bucks.  It had nice grill char marks on it which added to the flavor profile.  The mac and cheese was good as well but alert.. there were two broccoli thingies mixed in it and a couple of baby carrots!  This was not an invited guest to the party and I did not appreciate them hiding out under the chicken to surprise me.  Luckily I was able to remove most of the little tree top specs and continue with my meal without incident.  I decided to share my chicken with Michael.... "This is not a normal chicken!" he says as I think he was shared a spiritual moment with my chicken.  He then tried one of my baby carrots and asked for another.  Against my better judgment I tried the smallest of bites possible of the carrot and holy cow it didn't even taste like a carrot.  It almost melted in my mouth - probably all the butter it was drenched in.  I that that was the first time I eat a carrot since I was forced to stay at the table until I finished them when I was 8.  

The meal has now ended.  Our waiter asks if we would like to order dessert.  Although the $700 glass of cognac was tempting we decided to pass.  Michael was looking around wondering where is my happy birthday scoop of ice cream?  We then get the bill and I think Michael about had a heart attack.  Remember the Pepsi I mentioned earlier?  Well apparently they are $4 - each.   Michael had four of them because they are served in those skinny bar glasses that you could finish in one sip!  So he paid $16 bucks for Pepsi (not even Coke!) That was $9 less then my Corona.  I found it quite funny.  We did however receive two small bags of some sort of chocolate drizzled caramel popcorn which I didn't get the connection but thought was nice.  

To summarize, although places like this are not my cup of tea I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  Be forewarned if ordering a soda that it is by the glass.  If I could offer any suggestions it would be to perhaps replace the broccoli bits with bacon in the truffle mac & cheese.  Even with our $50 coupon we ended up paying about $50 dollars out of pocket (thanks to Michael's soda binge) but this is a nice place for special occasion.
Ate here last month with my boyfriend  while on our mini getaway trip. It was my first time,  his second time, so of course he was hype'n it up- mainly the duck fat fries and the Kobe beef tartare. Let me inform you all that my BF is kinda closed minded when it comes to food so him eating raw-mooing-cow meat was effin crazy for me to hear! 

Anyway, this place is good. Michael Mina, thank you. Complimentary duck fat fries were bomb.com they were a bit salty, but so crunchy and cooked perfectly. They came in three different flavors with three different dipping sauces they were all yummy! 

Kobe beef tartare: surprisingly good. The server brings the tartare and spices on a plate, explains each spice, asks if we are ok with each and then mixes it all in front of us. He then puts it in the bowl over ice, and it is served with grilled pita bread. It was Awesome. I was skeptical
About eating raw meat, but if it's Kobe, I guess it's fine?

Our main course was our steAks. I had the skirt steak and my BF had the 18oz ribeye. Cant say anything bad about em. Our sides were the creamed spinach and the scalloped potatoes. 

DESSERT: MADAGASCAR VANILLA BEAN CREME BRULEE WITH BEIGNETS OH-EM-GEE! MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT THE SERVING WAS TOO SMALL! I WILL GLADLY FLY MY ASS BACK TO VEGAS JUST FOR THIS.
By far the best steakhouse I've ever been to. Went there as one of the events for my friend's bachelor party/foodie weekend at Vegas. The decor is very modern, with a small dining area (has booths as well as tables), a bar and a small lounging area. It was 5 people in our party, and as soon as we sat down, they brought out complimentary duck fat fries cooked 3 different ways: truffle, old bay and regular, and it came with dipping sauces. Next 4 out of the 5 of us ordered the 18oz dry aged bone-in rib eye, medium rare (cuts like butter, very juicy). As a appetizer , we ordered the roasted bone marrow, which was really good, but smaller than the other places I've ordered the bone marrow at. For sides, we ordered the potato puree trio that comes in 3 different flavors: sour cream/onion, lobster, and horseradish. Another side we ordered IS A MUST, which is the truffle mac and cheese! It was so good.

Overall, the service was excellent, the food was great, but the place is pricey, but at the same time, you get what you paid for, so it was all worth it. I would highly recommend this place to other people, and I don't know if i can ever have steak from other places cause this place just set the bar too high haha.
Short review: Eat here.

Medium review: You have many choices in Vegas....make Stripsteak one of them! 

Longer review: Monday night - ate here. Wednesday night - dreamt about the Truffle Mac 'n Cheese, Ducky Fat Fried French Fries, Wagyu Kobe rib "eye". Glorious!

Completely agree with all of the other reviewers re the service and worth the splurge.

p.s.
I start my Vegas detox tomorrow!
Terrible service. Bathroom experience cause me to gag and vomit slightly (bathrooms are not bussed per use and this is supposed to be classy, ventilation not good enough). I think bathrooms are the easiest way to rate an establishment. 

Servers are not fair with time. I was made to wait several minutes to order my drinks while a fat, tattooed lazy and unprofessional server yucked it up with an intoxicated patron next to my table. I also saw servers with disgusting hepatitis looking tattoos and piercings and these are revolting to fine diners. 

Steaks are excellent (Kobe rib cap), bone marrow was good, beef tartare was very good. Beet salad good. Joseph Phelps Cabernet good. Duck fat fries decent but cold. I wish they served them hot. 

I racked up $800 for 3 people and I felt the food was ok, but the service and the wine service and the bar service was slow, unprofessional and terrible. They need to hire a floor manager and a janitor for the bathroom. I firmly believe a night can be worth $300 a person, but the value and service needs to be there.
What Happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas ~ but not at STRIP STEAK! Thank you Michael Mina for a Hot and Sexy evening of yummy deliciousness!

From the duck fat fries to the popcorn, every bite was ORGASMIC!

Everything that entered my mouth was followed by a long and glorious "mmmmmm." Truffle fries "mmmmmm" Lobster fritters "mmmmmm" Rib Eye "mmmmmm" Beignet and creme brulee (double) "mmmmmm" popcorn (even the next day) "mmmmmm"

Can you put a price on a Multiple-Orgasmic Experience!?!  HELL NO
~worth every penny :)
AMAZING happy hour!!! Tasty duck fat fried french fries, served 3 different ways with dipping sauces too, skinny and crispy just how I like them! Great beat & burrata salad, oysters, and mojitos too! I liked sitting at the tall bar tables too. It was a nice atmosphere and a very tasty time for about 40 dollars for 2 people!
Compared to other steak houses I've visited in Las Vegas, Stripsteak is middle-of-the-road. If I'm going to spend a lot of money I'd rather dine at Carnevino, Cut, or Delmonico. If I want a decent steak at a more affordable price, I'd go to Twin Creeks.

My wife and I arrived early -- about half an hour before our reservation. The hostess still seated us promptly at a small circular two-top, but in the back of the lounge, in between the bar and the main dining area. It was very comfy -- her on a long bench with big cushions, me in an oversized chair -- but not ideal for eating a meal because of how low the chairs are in relation to the table. Add to that the deafening sound of all the lounge chatter and music and it was difficult to have a conversation.

The food wasn't bad at all. As a matter of fact, some of it was great. But, I think there's better value to be had elsewhere.

To start you off, they bring out a complimentary trio of fries (Old Bay flavored, Garlic herb, and truffle oil). All were some of the best fries I've had, with the garlic herb being my favorite. They were perfectly crispy, light, and addictive. We had to force each other to stop eating them and save room for the rest of our food.

//Appetizers//
Sweet onion soup ($17) - morels, parmesan crouton. Excellent depth in flavors, earthy and delicious mushrooms.

Main lobster fritters ($20) - bacon-wrapped fritters. Three per order. The lobster flavor was masked by the oiliness and saltiness of the dish. But the crispness and coolness of the lettuce wrap was a nice compliment. Not worth getting again.

//Entree and sides//
10 oz. filet ($56). They were nice enough to split it for us since we wanted to share. Ordered it medium rare, but it came out closer to rare. Tender and savory, but not nearly as good as the filet at Carnevino.

Two sides of king crab ($24 ea.). Each order contained two meaty crab legs with lemon. Served cold, it could have benefitted from some drawn butter.

Shallot potato cakes ($9) - scallion creme fraiche. Three cakes. Perfectly crispy, great flavor... kinda like the greatest hash browns you'll ever have.

English peas ($14) - shaved fennel, pancetta. Peas are peas, nothing extraordinary, but the pancetta added a good bit of savoriness and salitness.

Overall, the food was pretty good, service not very attentive, the sommelier suggested a wine we weren't crazy about, seating was comfy but not functional, and it was too loud to carry a conversation. Oh, and I forgot pricey. But we did have a $50 restaurant.com gift card that helped mitigate the damage.

3.5 Stars
amazing food, i loved the kobe burger, and the lobster mash potatoes. . . everything was well cooked
They must be joking that this is supposed to be the best steak house in the country.  My $58 steak was over cooked and flavorless - I have had more tender beef jerkey!
Recently went to Strip Steak on a quick weekend getaway and already wanting to go back! As some have noted below, we printed the Restaurant.com $50 dollar gift certificate and had no problems using it. I had made a reservation a couple weeks before on their online site, but when we arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday, they seemed to have plenty of tables available. 

Got our complimentary duck fries and they were D-E-E-E-licious. Our waiter Glen ran through the list of daily specials, but we already knew exactly what we wanted (I always come prepared.. haha). I got the 10oz filet with the mac and cheese and my fiancé got the Kansas City Strip with the scalloped potatoes. I was surprised by how fast we got our food (although like I said.. the restaurant was maybe 3/4 full). The mac and cheese seemed to be plentiful (although it was so delicious I wanted to eat it all by myself!) but the scalloped potatoes (IMO) wouldn't have been enough for just the two of us to split, so I'm glad we got two sides. My medium rare filet was so good that I was getting depressed eating that last piece. Service was excellent, always filling our drinks and coming by to ask if we needed anything else. Used our coupon and had no problems with that. Didn't have any room for dessert, although I think we would have had we not filled up on Fat Tuesday drinks beforehand! The place was a little noisy, so if you're looking for a quiet dinner, this is probably not the place for you. We were looking for delicious food to fill up on and not a conversation. :P Overall, a wonderful experience and dinner and I will absolutely make it a stop on my next trip to Vegas!
Excellent food, modern (somewhat casual for a steakhouse) atmosphere, excellent service. They serve a trio of fries instead of bread when you first sit down. Two of them are good, but the truffle fries with truffle aioli is amazing. Wedge salad was good but nothing special. Beet and burratta salad was delicious (very soft, delicate mozzarella). Fillet was simple, but perfect. Mac and cheese with truffle oil is amazing, but very filling. Artichoke hearts with goat cheese is good, but nothing special compared to the mac and cheese. The asparagus was good, but falls in third place for the sides (behind the artichoke and goat cheese). Save room and get the beignets with creme brule to finish things off.
This place was AMAZING. Up until I went to Stripsteak my favorite steak place was Cut by Wolfgang puck. But, given that everything here was amazing (the appetizers, main meal, sides AND desert) it is an overall winner and now at the top of my list. I'm just sad that it is in Vegas and not in LA. Also - I figured it was about $200 less than Cut for the same meal / alcohol combo. Be sure to get the donuts with dipping sauce at the end of the night!
Really liked this restaurant. Some of the best steaks I've had. Extensive but expensive wine selection. If you are at Mandalay Bat it should be on the short list.
The steak here is good. It's not to die for, and probably not worth the price, but its good. I enjoyed my meal here but it was really expensive. I mean it's fine dining and I expected it, but for fine dining, I also expected supurb food. It was good. Not great.
The Skinny: a step up on the regular steakhouse, this place delivers some good eats with finesse and occasional missteps - don't order the duck fat fries because it comes as a sizable amuse bouche (4) Service: our waiter/servers were great but there are major issues with the hostess stand (3) Value: considering the plethora of deals on Restaurant.com, this place can be a good value if you order right (4).

My hubby was hankering to take me here for a while and we finally got a chance to try the menu at Stripsteak.

After passing by multiple restaurants with hostesses soliciting our business, we were taken aback by the inefficient hostess. By our seating time, there was least 3-4  group of guests gathered around the hostess desk. She basically ignored the diners and the wait staff  who lined to find out how to seat us. 

She also didn't tell us about ongoing promotions at the restaurant: ie, the 3-course prix fixe menu for $55, or that they are currently having a half-priced happy hour lounge menu from 4-7pm. Plus, they don't offer  you their prix fixe menu unless you specifically ask for it... even when you're seated at the table. For this reason, despite the stellar service at our table, the service gets 3 stars.

Michael Mina is known for preparing a dish in three different ways. So obviously our amuse bouche consisted of Bay-seasoned, garlic herb, truffled duck fat fries served with accompanying truffle aioli, ketchup and mustard/bay-seasoned sauce. The fries had a lovely crispness that retained its texture even when it cooled off. The sauces were lovely especially the truffle aioli. I considered drinking the remaining dregs of it on the bottom but decided I still needed to save my appetite for food we'd ordered. 

The soups were solid but nothing special. The vidalia onion soup accentuated the sweetness of onion but the croutons really lack that nice crunch. The seafood chowder was  good - the broth was a little on the milder side which allowed for the diner to get the full flavour of the crab when eaten.

The foie gras sliders had the right flavour however the bun was definitely overly large considering the serving of foie on the inside. The plating would have been infinitely improved with having the bun on the side.

By far the standout was our bone-in rib-eye. It's rare to see me shovel down an entire steak the size of a catcher's mitt all on my own but there was not a scrap of meat left on that plate. Yes, it is that good. The carmelized crust on the meat was so wonderful, the inside so tender and well-seasoned ... it's hard to find steak that well-prepared. 

It was lovely that they provided a small tasting of three sides along with the rib-eye. The peas were okay - a little on the mealier side of things. The truffled mac 'n cheese is always great - perfect consistency, texture and flavour. Unfortunately, the creamed spinach had a rather bitter unpleasant undertone.

The hubby's grilled chicken (they don't fry a serving of chicken unless two people order) was a very large portion. Half a grilled chicken - a lovely crispy skin, tender and moist on the inside - on top of their wonderful mac 'n cheese. Who wouldn't like this?

We topped off our very filling meal with a root beer float and warm chocolate chip cookies. We loved the fact that the ice cream was so cold, it turned our creamy root beer into a nice slush. The chocolate chip cookies were a delight - not too sweet,cool enough to have a mild crust on the outside with melting chocolate on the inside.

Overall, we had a wonderful meal for a very reasonable price due to the Restaurant.com certificate. We ordered one prix fixe meals ($55 + $10 supplement for the steak) plus two starters (foie gras $22; onion soup: $17) and one entree (chicken $30). Subtract the $50 Restaurant.com certificate (we got at bargain basement prices), the meal ended up being $118.97 (including tax and 18% tip) which is reasonable considering the quantity and quality of the cuisine. Definitely a solid four star review.
My boyfriend and i also went on a quick "alone" trip to Vegas and my boyfriend made reservations here. And oh my gosh! I love him even more for picking this place!( First off let me tell you people i am NOT  steak person at all.) 

We got there at 7pm on sat (half hour early) and we were seated right away. Our server was very attentive and very nice. My boyfriend is a celiac so we asked if she would be kind enough to ask the cooks if a few items contained flour and she was very nice about it. we also got the free fries and i wish i didn't eat them because they kind of filled me up a bit,but they were great too lol) So i ordered the filet Mignon, cheesy artichokes (drool) and the mac in cheese. My bf ordered rib eye,spinach, giant prawns. Let me tell you people the prices are sky high but the service and the food have me craving a trip back for this place. I mean talk about phenomenal food! wow!!!! i am now a steak lover! I just wish the prices can make it a tad more affordable. Our bill was about $250 (with i think 3 alcoholic drinks) 

all and all I love my boyfriend for taking me to this fine steak place. If you want to score points on date the atmosphere and food will definitely do just that! we will be back!
Recently went here on a wedding-anniversary date.

The service was great. This was in-line with the level of restaurant that this place is. The servers paid attention to detail, had the right amount of "chat" in them, and didn't give off any stuffy vibes for a place that is priced at that level. 

The atmosphere is underrated. I thought that the open feel was nice; instead of going with the "modern" color tones, the wood feel of the side wall (a giant Jenga piece) kept the balance between old-world and new-world. The chairs were VERY comfortable to sit on (and I'm a big guy). This is an important detail after being stuffed.

The food was a notch below "the best." This is not a slight on this restaurant. I just happen to reserve my "Best" label for only the 2-3 elite few restaurants. The meat was a little overseasoned for my taste buds (as was my wife's). The sides were delicious. Our favorite was the Jalapeno Creamed Corn - yum! The Truffled Mac and Cheese was really good too. The trio of mashed potatoes is a safe choice if you are looking to go that route. Our appetizer, the Hamachi, was decent. The flavor profile of the fish and the seasoning (fresh) was good - however, it just didn't fit with our steak and potatoes type of meal.

I would come here again. I have a feeling the steak was overseasoned on accident (not so much so that I would have to send it back - I still ate all of it). The deal at restaurant.com really made this a great luxury-value.
Visited Stripsteak this past weekend and I loved it!
My boyfriend and I knew we wanted to eat at a steakhouse (he loves steak, i am not a huge fan).  I saw that Stripsteak had pretty good reviews and we ended up choosing it because you can get a gift certificate on restaurant.com.
When we arrived we were seated promptly and the hostess was very nice.  Our waiter told us we would be receiving a complimentary trio of duck fat fries with 3 dipping sauces. So so yummy!
We ordered our main dishes....I had the special of the day which was halibut (42) and the boyfriend ordered the kobe filet ($72). We also ordered a side of the truffle mac n cheese (about $12)
Our food came out pretty quickly and we dug right in.  The food presentation was great and the food was hot which is important.
I had a bite of the boyfriends steak and i have to say it was pretty darn good.  It was cooked exactly how he requested it.  I am not a huge meat eater, but i had to try a bite of that $72 steak.
By the time we were done with our food we were too full to even think about dessert. (the dessert menu had some tasty looking options)
Out waiter took the restaurant.com certificate no problem.

We had a great experience at Stripsteak and would definitely consider coming back here next time we are in Vegas.
Chef Doug is the best!
I had read some reviews citing poor service at Stripsteak due to what reviewers believed was a result of their servers writing them off as "not going to spend much"-type customers, even when the bill was in the range of $200 for two. Having read this, as well as the $110/person "average check price" listed on their website, I was somewhat concerned going in, given I had intended on trying the prix fixe menu at $55/person and arriving a bit earlier in order to get some drinks on their happy hour menu. However, I love steak and we were staying at THEhotel, so I really wanted to try an upscale steakhouse nearby, and Stripsteak sounded great for the price.

When we got there, there was a slight wait even though we had reservations and the place was clearly empty (common restaurant tactic in order to drive patrons to wait/drink at their bar, which we did). It wasn't a problem as we were planning on trying some of their specialty cocktails on their happy hour menu anyway, and I had budgeted plenty of time for dinner before our Lion King show later in the night. We got to chat up two of the bartenders over a mojito and Stripsteak Sour. Drinks were okay; nothing out of this world. The bartenders were pretty outgoing, though it was obvious they were tired of hearing about what tourists had planned for their trips, even so, they continue to ask.

I have to say, our waiter (Glen H) was awesome the whole night. He was extremely attentive, and we didn't notice any decline in service after we had ordered our meal. He answered questions on the menu items (which I always have at these type of places where they have fancy names for everything), and was around just enough but not too much.

Food is served with a complimentary trio of duck fat fries, which were amazing. I ordered the prix fixe menu as planned and chose the salad wedge, prime rib, and root beer float dessert. My girlfriend ordered the Kobe burger with a side of duck fat fries (we didn't know we would be getting complimentary fries before we had ordered, and she really wanted to try them).

The meal was excellent. The duck fat fries were a perfect start and the prime rib was surprisingly filling (I got triple sides of mac n cheese as well lol). The root beer float was not my thing. To be honest, I'm not sure how different you can do a root beer float, so I found it somewhat uncharacteristic of this type of restaurant.

All in all, we kept the bill to $150, and that's with four drinks (a head's up, the specials go from $6 to $13 after 7pm, which I hadn't noticed before we had ordered our seconds). We even had leftovers, though I warn that duck fat fries do not taste good at all cold, so kill these at the restaurant (the fat begins to harden).

I think the prix fixe menu served its purpose in wetting our appetite for Stripsteak. I would love to come back again soon. Nice bar, comfortable seating area. It was a near perfect dinner. 4.5 stars rounded up to 5.
i am still dreaming about that 18oz rib eye that i inhaled last december....

oh yes, it is THAT good.  when i eat steak, i am normally put off by if it is kind of hard and dry, if it is overcooked, etc, etc, etc...i am pretty picky and can't eat more than 3-5oz of steak when it isn't done well or if it isn't tender enough...

i have no idea where they got the meat and what the heck they did do it but DAMN whatever it is, wow.  if only they had another location in Los Angeles, i think i would eat here at least once every 2-3weeks!  i get to go to Vegas 2times a year for business and the hubby and i snuck out of town on a last minute whim and ended up at the Mandalay Bay.  he is a steak man so we decided to try this place and our eyes bulged when i saw the prices.

BUT, this is Vegas after all, and after all the crappy uber expensive restaurants i have tried at the Palazzo like Carnevino and Morels (which SUCKED SUCKED SUCKED and you totally get ripped off) the prices here are downright reasonable!  

we almost ate at BOA Steakhouse at the Caesars Palace which i tried before and was pretty happy with...this place is A LOT BETTER!  

my hubby ordered the 30oz porterhouse while i had the prix fix menu and upgraded to the rib eye....we both ate in bliss, and i have to say the quality of the meat made every bite worth it and money extremely well spent.  

honestly, the soup was so so, the 3 types of fries was DELISH, the bread was meh...it truly was all about the steak.  

it was prepared so well, and the tenderness, and the taste...hard to do justice -and the best part is by reading the other reviews i was clued in to the restaurant.com discount so for my next trip to vegas this july i pd $20 for a $50 gift card...SO SO SO SO SO SO awesome!  

thank you yelp and yelp reviewers...

for anybody that really enjoys a great cut of steak that is expertly cooked, forgot all the other places, this is THE place to go.  worth every penny.  me and the hubby had to practically roll ourselves out of there and we had two giant grins from ear to ear that lasted for days because of this meal.  

5stars for sure!  if i could give it 6 or more i totally would!
We had a reservation on a Sunday night at 8:30.  We got there a little early and sat at the bar.  They said they were running behind a bit.  The drinks at the bar were excellent.  I had a blueberry type martini and my friend had just her usual vodka soda.  We asked for some of the fries they give out since we were starving and they finally brought some after about 20 minutes and they were cold.  Still good though.  I struck up a conversation with another customer at the bar, discussing his wine choice.  We were seated at 9pm.  The customer at the bar followed me and yelled at me "Are you just going to walk away?"  I was a little freaked out by that, it was weird, but not the restaurants problem and he left right away.   Somebody brought more of the complimentary fries, a bit warmer than the last.  Male waiter took our order, food runner brought it, a half hour later, and we never saw our waiter again until he returned and spilled a glass of water all over my friend.  Service is simply awful here.  NO EXCUSE at this price point. I don't blame the service staff this is a management problem.  They are understaffed.  We know what you pay these workers.  Add a few more.
The food was excellent.  We each had a steak and shared the beet salad and the mac and cheese.  The food is worth returning for, but at that price you can get food just as good and impeccable service to go with it.  Think I will stick to the Wolfgang Puck restaurants where you get both.
had dinner with my relative we got the east oysters, had west oysters, had some more east oysters they were ok not that special. i had the rib eye steak and i thought it was burnt a little over but it will still good!

didn't eat the free french fries cause i am at a high end steak joint!! overall would think about going back but may try wagyu next time!
My wife and I had a $50 credit that we bought for $8. I ordered the Kobe ribeye "round cut" and my wife ordered the skirt steak. The Kobe was delicious but not worth the price. The skirt steak was decent for the amount and the price. We order the onion straws and the three types of mashed potatoes for our sides. The potatoes were fantastic, especially the lobster mash. The service was excellent, especially the three types of fries they give each table when you sit down. Disappointed in the fact that there are no soft drink refills which  Ithought was bizarre for Vegas. Overall, a decent meal even though it was overpriced. ($120 for two) however without the credit, $170 is too much for two. For the price and even a better steak go to Mastro's...
Delicious truffle mac and cheese.  Service was excellent. We had a restaurant certificate for here and were not treated any less professionally.  I am not sure I would pay such a high price otherwise; however.
Have I been living like a baller the past couple days or what? 

Father in law is staying at Mandalay Bay for a convention this week, so after watching the Tigers game at the sports book, we ventured out to find some grub and a few drinks for catching up. After looking at several menus we decided on Strip Steak. Wife's pops is probably the biggest fan of steak in the world. Yeah, you've probably met a steak lover before. Not like this guy though. 

For starters, the place is right off the restaurant mall-ish area when you are walking from the casino back to wards the shark reef and chapel are. Familiar to me since I GOT MARRIED THERE! It is a little loud and not as intimate as your typical high end steak house, but that is to be expected considering the location and the fact it's called "Strip" Steak. 

Very extensive wine and cocktail list sure to please anything you'd crave. The dinner menu was impressive as well, featuring a massive selection of steaks from any quality and cut you could imagine. There were also your typical sea food selections and the ala-carte sides you've grown to love from a nice steak house, baked potatoes, creamed spinach, etc. Let us get back to the important part - the steaks. 

We were lucky enough to be sat close enough to see the giant wood fire grill system set up in the kitchen and the meat lockers with giant slabs of meat. Now that sounds pretty weird, but it's cool to see them wheel the grills up and down while your choice cut is being prepared. In theory, they could put a name-tag on your selection and you could watch them cook it. 

Our table ordered the east coast oysters of which I only had one. It was perfect though. The wedge salad looked impressive, but had a cheap store bought like bleu cheese dressing instead of the crumbled bleu cheese you'd expect on a steak house chop salad. Pass. 

I selected the bone in rib-eye. It was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. The steak was well marbled, just the right amount of char, and seasoned the way a steak should be. No fancy sauces tonight. I also had the creamed spinach I mentioned above, and it wasn't that good. They sprinkled what seemed like bacos (gross) on the top, which were really pointless. Also, they spinach was not as creamy as a creamed spinach should be. Am I being picky about spinach? I suppose, but for as proud of the menu (think $$$$) as this place was, they better do it all right. 

Overall it was a great meal. I had a few cocktails from the bar, and my two counterparts enjoyed some wine. The cocktails are served with one giant ice cube which is an interesting touch, as it did not water  down my drink as fast as a normal ice having drink would have. 

I saved the best for last. When your server hands you your menus, there is a snack of three types of fries served at the table, with three dipping sauces. One set of fries is fried in duck fat. Absolutely NOT gross. Paired with the truffle dipping sauce, they were probably the best fries I've ever had in the history of me eating fries. They were so good I almost ordered a hamburger at a steak house, just so I could have the side of fries it would have come with. 

4 stars out of 5 for the creamed spinach thingy and the less than impressive wedge salad. 

Note: If you're an out of town-er looking for a pregame meal before your main event of a drink filled excellent adventure on the strip, you could do much worse, and I can't imagine you could do a ton better. Great service, nice bar, and even with a convention in the same building were able to seat us without a reservation.
After reading about this place, I knew it would be something good! 

Stripsteak is located in Mandalay Bay, where all the restaurants are, before the Mandalay Bay conference rooms and ballrooms. 

When you walk up (hopefully with reservations as this place gets BUSY!) there is a full bar with a seating area. Luckily, we were able to get a table without reservations at 7:00pm on a Monday night. They sat us at a nice table, right in the middle of the action. It's a tad loud in there so bring your listening skills. 

After you are seated and given the menu, they bring out three little containers with french fries and dipping sauces. Now these are not your McDonald's fries. These are the most amazing fries you will ever have. 

The first one had french fries with old bay seasoning and a mustard herb dipping sauce. 

The second one had french fries with oregano and ketchup. 

The third one was knock-your-socks off amazing. French fries in duck fat with truffle dipping sauce. Are you fucking kidding me?!?! The minute we all tried these we all looked at each other and said "these are goddamn delicious!" 

All three had fantastic flavor with good crisp on the outside. 

But yea- duck fat + french fries + truffle = smiling faces. 

Our table ordered: 
Starters- 
Oysters (in a half shell)- east coast style. They ask you if you want them east coast or west coast style. The difference? east coast are "larger and briny-er", west coast are "smaller and sweeter" according to our server. 
The oysters were delicious! They had came with cocktail sauce, lemon, and other toppings. The cocktail sauce had some nice horseradish in it for the perfect combination. 

Wedge Salad- bleu cheese, bacon & polenta croutons, red chili cucumbers. I was told that it was disappointing as the bleu cheese dressing didn't have any bleu cheese chucks and tasted "like it came out of the store" 

Main- 
18 oz. Dry-Aged Bone-In Rib Eye- heard it was delicious. They cook the steaks on this beautiful open flame wood burning grill. You can watch the chefs using the wheel up and down to get the steaks. Heard that the marble was good and had great char on the steak. Nothing fancy just cooked perfect (medium-rare plus) 

16 oz. Kansas City Strip- great char, great flavor, all round good steak. 

Diver Scallops- which is what I ordered. Four deliciously tender, cooked perfectly, great flavored scallops. Seared nicely. 

Sides- 
Creamed Spinach w/ bacon- I LOVE creamed spinach and this was up to par, but nothing crazy. The bacon doesn't really add anything to the dish. 

Roasted Maitake Mushrooms- great roasted mushrooms. Not much else to say. They are always a good side to seafood and steaks. 

We had a couple of glasses of wine (a cab-combination) that was REALLY GOOD and I would order all day long! 

I cannot WAIT to go back for more duck fat and truffle and oysters and more food in general!
Before I explain why I am rating this restaurant a two star, I want to express that my food and and beverages were exceptional.  The beverages were superbly prepared and decorated and the appetizers, side items, main courses and desserts were all eclectic, astonishing and delicious.  With that said, the problems with my experience started from the moment I sat down.  As I scanned thru the food menu, drinks menu and prices, our waiter sidled up and announced the specials.  He was not very personable and seemed unconcerned that we had chosen this restaurant to dine in for the evening. Understanding that some people can lack in some areas but make it up in others, I left my thoughts aside and decided to enjoy my dining experience.  The second setback arrived when I placed my wine order.  The waiter had no idea which wine I selected, even though I also pointed to it in the wine menu.  Eventually he returned with multiple bottles for me to choose from.  This took a lot longer than it should have for me to order a bottle of wine and was very unprofessional, especially considering how high the prices are.  The waiter then left the table and did not open the bottle in front of us.  I ordered a $90 half bottle of wine and I could see the waiter 20 feet away from us, with his back to our table, haggling with this bottle of wine.  When he finally returned to the table, I was over it.  The support staff were all amazing, helpful and smiling, however, our waiter never cracked a smile.  He seemed unskilled and miserable.  When we finished our meal we made him aware that we would have dessert but needed some time to relax.  After dessert he eagerly brought us our bill.  I have been made aware of a couple of service features of Strip Steak since this experience which have maddened me further.  After a meal, there is a complimentary bag of Chocolate Kettle Corn presented to the guests.  We were not made aware of this kind gesture because our waiter was in a hurry to have us leave the restaurant.  Also, I am a local now, which I revealed to our waiter, and I am told that Strip Steak carries a locals menu, although he was not concerned enough to present one to us.  Our bill was over $500 for three people and even though gratuity was added, it was not deserved.  I will always tip wait staff in any situation, but when that situation is a negative one I tend to never return to the restaurant again.  If you are like me when it comes to good professional service, I would suggest you skip this restaurant as well.  On a side note, a female member of our party visited the restroom facilities, which are unisex, and she walked in on a gentleman who had not locked the door.  She was very embarrassed by this and mentioned it to our waiter.  He seemed offended that we had an issue with the restroom policy of the restaurant and acted as if it were our problem.  Our only suggestion was that they have a dedicated woman's restroom and that others could remain unisex.
My girlfriend and I are just waking up after a wonderful first day in Las Vegas.  We're here celebrating my birthday and last night we capped it off by having dinner here.  The dinner started off with an offering of french fries with 3 different types of seasonings "yummy"!  Then the appetizers came, we ordered Tiger Prawns and Maryland Blue Crab chowder - wow tantalizing surf before the turf.  Then the entrees came and I ordered the Rib Eye and she ordered the Rib Cap "which is the best part of the Rib Eye" and boy it did not disappoint.  We were in utter bliss the entire time.  Our waitress recommended most of our dinner and she really hit it out of the park!  The whole ambiance with the aesthetics and the wait staff added such a wonderful vibe it made dinner that much more memorable.  I'm always in search of great steakhouses and this one is to die for!
First trip to Stripsteak.  

We had - 
1.  Complimentary duck fat fries
2.  Complimentary bread
3.  Strip steak ($44) - medium rare
4.  Skirt steak ($36) - medium rare - was more medium so overcooked
5.  Truffle mac ' n cheese ($12) - absolutely heavenly, so decadent
6.  Brusself sprouts ($12) - not a fan of these at all - was more like a brussel slaw with lots of bacon, unfortunately I am not a bacon fan
7.  Gingerale ($4) - really small glass with lots of ice
8.  Coffee ($5)
9.  Complimentary bag of chocolate popcorn to take home - nice touch

Total bill was $113 before tax and tip for 2 of us.

Lesson learned - order steaks medium rare stressing more on the rare side.  Wish they had smaller cuts of steak though because I could not possibly finish even half of my steak!  I hated to throw it away too, such a waste.

We would go back to try it again but bring reinforcements so we could eat all the food and possibly make it to dessert!
Liked it! Porterhouse was good! wedge salad could have been bigger for the price. corn chowder very nice. soft shell crab YUMMM! But the best part is the FRIES! maybe that duck fat business is what it is but i always ask for more. PRICE $$$ but its nice if you like MEAT! i like it med- well and they did that very well(good). nice place to try in vegas!
When you come to a steakhouse.... you come for the STEAK.

I enjoyed my first experience at Stripsteak.  We enjoyed an early dinner on a Thursday evening.  The place was empty and our server was extremely friendly and attentive.  We had a $25 gift cert thanks to Restaurant.com, but I think every dollar spent is well worth it!

I ordered the  18oz dry-aged bone-in rib eye ($52) cooked 'medium' and my boyfriend ordered the 16oz Kansas City strip ($46) cooked 'medium rare'.  Both steaks were prepared superbly.  The rib eye was juicy and tender with each bite.  The strip was just as juicy and much more tender to the bite.  They were both well seasoned and we savored each bite.

For sides, we ordered the scalloped potatoes ($12) and truffle mac & cheese ($12).  The scalloped potatoes just slightly more than ordinary... it was the chipotle that gave it an extra oomph and why I enjoyed it.  But the mac & cheese.... o.m.g.... I'm biased... b'coz I.LOVE.MAC.AND.CHEESE.  So, you might want to rule my opinion out.  The truffle mac & cheese was perfectly creamy and cheesy and truffley... pure decadence.

We were also given a complimentary platter of 3 types of french fries with 3 dipping sauces.  The fries prepared in duck fat were my fav... along with the garlic aoli sauce!!

Overall.... great service, great food, and great experience.  I will be returning again.
The Strip Steak is an amazing place to eat. I had the Kansas City Strip Steak medium rare with a baked potato. The service was excellent and I would defiantly go back. Wish I would have saved room for dessert but maybe next time.
This was our second trip to Stripsteak.  Three of us dined family style.  The complimentary duck fat fries as many reviewers have mentioned are delicious. 

We had - 
1.  Ribeye ($51)
2.  Strip steak ($44)
3.  Truffle Mac 'N Cheese ($12) - so rich and yummy and I'm sure very bad for you but it's worth the sacrifice
4.  Mushrooms ($16)
5.  Tiramisu ($12)
6.  Panna Cotta ($12) - this was a surprise, much better than expected
7.  3 Coffees ($5 each)

Total bill was $162 before tax and tip for 3 of us.

The steaks were good.  We asked for medium rare.  Could have been a little more on the rare side but not bad enough that we would send it back.  Joshua, our waiter, was good too although he has helpers that clear and serve.

We all enjoyed the meal and would return.
I will not go back.  The steaks were great, but the drinks, sides and deserts are so ridiculously overpriced!!  $12 for a four ounce rootbeer float, c'mon guys, get over yourself.  $16 for some mushrooms...silly!!  The staff was fine, not terribly attentive, they seemed like they were annoyed that they had customers.  I'll take Fleur, Auerole, or Charlie Palmer's steak house over Stripsteak any day.  Gallagher's at New York, New York is also amazing if you are looking for a great steak!
I'll just be succinct. Overpriced wine, perfectly cooked angus ribeye, solid diver scallops and a 50$ restaurant.com certificate. Perfect might of eating. English peas as a side was also fresh and a perfect compliment to the entrees.
This place was an absolute disappointment. I was really looking forward to trying some wagyu, in all of its buttery, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. However, I experienced a rather ordinary piece of meat, and it was definitely overcharred! I haven't had this problem before, and I really should have sent it back given its an $85 piece of meat.

We got the bone marrow and kobe sliders as appetizers. The bone marrow here is awful (at least, compared to CUT). No buttery richness at all, blah. The kobe sliders were good though, albeit a little small portion wise.

The duck fries and mac-n-cheese were both alright. Nothing special though.

Atmosphere was a little too loud for my liking.

Really this review should be 3 stars, but I was so let down that I am letting personal bias paired with an otherwise great vegas weekend make it two.
This place was mindbogglingly amazing. Don't get me wrong, I've been to some pretty fantastic places for steak - my (former) favorite being Prime Steakhouse at the Bellagio. And STRIPSTEAK topped Prime in all ways but decor.

The service was spectacular. They even left us a "Happy Anniversary!" card on the table when we arrived. We had show reservations at 7 at the Bellagio and they made sure we were out of the restaurant in an hour to make it back on time.

As so many people on here rave about, I have to start with the duck fat fries. I assumed they might taste a little gamey and I'm not a huge fan of the taste of duck, but WOW. Every bite had one wonderful wave of flavor after the next.

Both my boyfriend and I had the filet minion. It's everything you want out of a filet - melts in your mouth and a wonderful rich flavor. My only complaint is that the 10 oz is a bit too big for one person (surprisingly) and I ended up leaving 1/4 of it on my plate at the end.

As a side, my boyfriend got the potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream & onion, and horseradish) which is more than enough for two people to share.

This is going to be a staple every time I return to Las Vegas, for sure.

Oh, and make sure that you check out Restaurant.com's $50 off certificate. Definitely takes a chunk out of the bill. =)
Delicious salmon , fries, and mac and cheese.  Pricey but worth it.
Went to meet up with some friends after then had dinner. Got a drink and dessert and was out of this world. I had the beignets and creme brûlée and well--- let's say droll. Yum. Yum. Smaller portion so it is not a disgusting presentation. My friend had the cheesecake and it was without a crust and great. The sorbet looked delicious too. You can choose 3 flavors. I didn't try it but looked wonderful. 

It was extremely noisy in the restaurant. If I could change anything it would have been that. We had a 4 top and it was really a struggle to hear one another.
TRUFFLED MAC AND CHEESE!!!!! My mouth is watering in memory SO GOOD! a heads up- it did have a few chunks of broccoli in it- my boyfriend- an avowed enemy of broccoli -liked this mac and cheese so much he managed to pick out the broccoli with a minimum of complaint. Everything was top notch- the duck fat fries served as an appetizer in lieu of bread, to the lobster fritters. I had a cucumber martini- very refreshing and not even close to the gag inducing similarly named drink I have ordered at the Gallery Bar at the Biltmore in Downtown LA . The bone in rib-eye was worth every penny. If I had any complaints it would be that I wasn't wowed by the horseradish/lobster/sour cream potato trio- but that was really more of a personal preference than anything. Will be back next time, I miss the truffled mac and cheese already.
The food and the service was transcendent. The Filet was simply put "one of the best I have ever had".  The atmosphere was a little noisy but easy to overlook.
On a side note;  Based on some of the other reviews I can't help but laugh a little. Reviewing a dining establishment that has steak in the name... for it's fried chicken and desserts is narrow minded at best. And those reviews are as useless as a condom machine at the Vatican.
We went to celebrate my husband's birthday, a fact that I didn't think he'd communicate when he made the reservation.  We're not big meat eaters, but, hey, you can only take so much chicken before you start sprouting feathers.

I lost count of the number of staff who wished him a happy birthday, from the hostess when we arrived, to the hostess when we left, and all manner of staff before, during and after the meal.  And there was the Happy Birthday card on the table, and the tiny dessert with a birthday candle at the end.

We started with the amuse-bouche Fries - three kittle cups with different seasonings with three paired dips.  I'm not a Fry Freak, but I have to admit I just couldn't stop, even with all the salt (I'm giving up on complaining about salt, which is just too pervasive in restaurants).

Both of us ordered the NY Strip, and it was good enough to make me a meat eater.  Perfectly cooked.  Juicy.  Tender.  We ordered Asparagus in Horseradish Beurre Blanc and the Truffled Mac & Cheese as our sides.  The asparagus was fabulous.  But the Mac & Cheese, which they're famous for, was just too rich for my taste.  I know I would've been happier with the Scalloped Potatoes, but hubby wanted to try the Mac, and it was his birthday, so...  Besides, I was too full from the complimentary fries to even get through the steak, so it was no problem to eschew (pun intended) the macaroni.

The service was terrific - not elegant, because this is a casual place, and that's just the way I like it.

My one nit-let about this very stylish space is the chairs.  They're very comfy, upholstered arm chairs.  But the arms are as high as the table tops, so I couldn't sit as close to the table as I like.  It made the comfortable seating a bit uncomfortable for Petite Moi.  But not so much that I wouldn't go back.  Maybe for my birthday?  October's not so far away.  Hint, hint.
The beauty of "restaurant week" is you can try places you've heard of for reasonable price.  Stripsteak had the potential of 5 stars as you can tell the food is super fresh.  TOO SALTY among a few other things lost points for me.  
First, when entree' items are over $50 I expect an elegant decor and atmosphere.  I felt like we were in a cafe' and not in a first class restaurant. 
For starters we had their fries and a hamachi appetizer.  Both had excellent flavors but TOO MUCH SALT.  I called the waiter over and said. "I can tell by the starters, that your chef is a little heavy handed with the salt.  Please tell him no added salt on my chicken"  Unfortunately the chicken was salty too.   
The cardinal rule in chicken is don't overcook to dryness.  In an effort to not cross that line,  the chicken was just a FRACTION undercooked.  Slightly PINK meat. A little less salt and 2 more minutes cooking and this flavorful chicken would have been PERFECT. 
the sides of truffle mac n' cheese, mushrooms and cream corn were all good, but not spectacular. 
Rick had the Kansas steak.  cooked nicely and fresh and flavorful.  However I overheard both parties on either side of us complaining that their steak was overcooked to their order.  
The Desert was the saving grace for me,  PERFECT petite creme' brulee' and good beignets .
The service was good, even though they changed my fork settings 3 times.  Poor dishwasher to have to wash 7 forks per customer!
Overall it was enjoyable, and and like I said, could have easily got to 5 stars with just a little more care salt and preparation.
I arrived before my sis-in-heart to celebrate her birthday. I mentioned the occasion so that we could have a table that wasn't stuck in the midst of a bunch of tourists, nor did I want to sit near the bar; we wanted to take our time and enjoy the evening. When the hostess sat us, she found for us a table sort of center-stage... in other words, we could see everything going on and had a fantastic view of the whole place.

As soon as we sat down, we were offered water and a wine list and the Restaurant Week menu. As that is how my sis chose this place, we were just fine with that idea.

We also noticed a birthday card from the staff. Details, people, details!

Getting to the good stuff (well, mostly):

Duck-fat Fries (3.5/5) - The truffled fries were amazing but their accompanying bleu cheese sauce was bland and boring. The herbed fries were, ironically, refreshing, with a simple ketchup (keep it simple, STRIPSTEAK!). The last one, I can't remember what it was, was good with the grain mustard sauce (the best sauce offered, just flavorful enough without putting off people [my sis] who don't like mustard). 

Foie Gras Sliders (1.5/5) - Ordered off the main menu as an extra, we originally wanted the grilled foie gras they list as an extra. We were told it was a single piece, but if we order the sliders there are 2. OK, we thought, we'll try it. Spoiler alert! It was still a single piece, just sliced in half. This made it too thin, overcooked, and dry. The bread (I tasted it, to be fair) was dry and pretty bland. The garnishes were OK. A single piece of arugula and a bright little cherry gelee of sorts. Overall, high hopes dashed.

Duck Spring Rolls (3.5/5) - Generous portion and, I was happily surprised, not too heavy. The wrapper was thin and crispy, although a tad (a smidgeon?) too oily. Again, however, it was not heavy. The crisp veggies did well to set off the richness of the duck. The meat was well seasoned and had a great flavor. It was a bit dry in spots. I am going to blame presentation and delivery (heat lamps?) versus cooking as it was mostly at the cut edges of the rolls.

Heirloom Tomato Salad (8/5, yes, seriously) - Fresh, fresh tomatoes, creamy, rich burrata cheese that didn't weight it down in any way, and the perfect amount of a tangy, sweet, beautiful 25-year old balsamic vinegar that has had me drooling for the past 12 hours.

NY Strip (4/5) - Slightly overcooked based on our order. We were a bit surprised as the server said they tend to undercook slightly... still, it was a fantastic cut of meat, very well seasoned, and perfectly tender and flavorful. The sides of sauteed mushrooms (another 8/5) and creamed corn with jalapeno (4/5) were great complements.

Roasted Chicken (4/5) - A tad on the dry side in places, the overall dish was fabulous. I love that they left the skin on; I don't eat the skin, but it imparted a rich flavor to the meat and left those portions really juicy and tender. The truffled mac n' cheese (4/5) was really good. Almost too much truffle, not enough cheese, and because it was used as the bed for the chicken, it picked up other flavors (meat, greens, sauces) that detracted from it's own amazing profile.

Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee and Biegnets (5/5) - The brulee was creamy, perfectly flavored, and delicious. The biegnets were expertly fried, hot and cripsy and dusted with powered sugar without being overly dressed. Another detail we thought was fantastic, sis's dessert came out presented with the words Happy Birthday in a sweet, dark chocolate!

Wines (5/5, nail on the head every time). We started with a pinot gris and a viogner, then with the help of Gabriel, the sommelier, chose a fruity, dry-ish Oregon pinot noir to go with the meal. We spoke for a moment on trying something new, price points, and flavor profiles (what we liked AND what we ordered). Given the whole picture, his recommendation was well received and the perfect wine for everything we ate.

The service was good, though the server could have visited us a little more often. There were a few large parties so we were happy to wait a little here and there, and as other staff were also happy to smile, ask if you needed anything, and be of service, it was not a dark spot at all. 

All in all, a solid, enjoyable meal.

With the Restaurant Week menu (50.11 each), the 2 wines by the glass and the bottle, plus the additional foie gras, our total was $300 and change. Bonus tip: they are on restaurant.com so another $50 saved!
Review for Restaurant Week 2011 Menu:

My first time at Stripsteak and it was excellent!  I usually don't order steak out as it is almost always overcooked for me.  Based on the good reviews on Yelp, Stripsteak became an addition to my Restaurant Week list of places to go.

Amuse bouche:  Three containers of seasoned fries - garlic herb, truffle, and bay-seasoned.  There were three containers for dipping the fries one mustard and bay seasoned, truffle aioli, and ketchup.  Pace yourself here.  All tables are served the amuse bouche in lieu of a bread basket.  Since I was alone, I could have totally pigged out on these tasty fries.  5/5

Course 1:  Duck spring rolls.  Duck confit with sweet and sour cherry drizzle.  The duck was excellent and what a great appetizer.  5/5

Course 2:  OK, so I decided to get a steak.  It was the Kansas City strip steak with small sides of creamed corn and mushrooms.  The steak had a grilled small red onion and a yellow tinkerbell pepper.  The pepper is very mild.  The steak was grilled exactly as I ordered - black and blue. 5/5

Course 3:  Beignets and vanilla creme brulee.  Perfect ending to the meal.  I forced myself - yeah right - to finish the beignets.  5/5

As mentioned in other reviews, when you get ready to leave, you're given a small bag of candy popcorn with the Stripsteak logo to take as a gift.  It will be a TV snack some night.

My server, Alexis, was always available and attentive.  When the two eating next to me left for a bathroom trip, she refolded their napkins while they were gone.  I noticed this attention to detail and good service throughout the night.  

I was quite pleased to see the number of families with young, well behaved children.  There was a concert with someone named Selena Gomez at the Mandalay Events Center and thus the large number of children. Alexis had to explain to me who this Selena was.

A great evening and another wonderful Restaurant Week experience!
We had a great meal here but it definitely wasn't the 5-star experience I've come to expect of Michael Mina establishments.

Maybe it was because we waited so long WITH a reservation and after coming back within 20 minutes, as they suggested, we waited about 10 more. Or the fact that we were seated right next to the entrance which didn't make for a romantic setting (more like mall dining despite the glass barrier). Or that we told a number of people it was our anniversary and no one acknowledged it despite all the other restaurants we visited during the anniversary trip doing so). Not sure...but our server was friendly, the recommended wine was tasty and the food was good so 4 stars you get.

Duck Fat Fries trio=awesome.
We adored the Tuna and Hamachi Poppers
Was shockingly not a fan of the duck spring rolls which were too gamey
Mac and Cheese = most awesome
Scallops were tasty but a little underdone for my tastes.
Husband like the steak but didn't find it super memorable.

All in all if you're in Vegas and want MM, I'd suggest Nob Hill Tavern instead.
This was the first time I've been to Stripsteak, but it won't be the last. The hip and trendy setting is a perfect backdrop for an amazing dining experience. It does get loud in there so large tables can be hard to have conversations at.  The food is amazing. Period. I had the Sashimi to start and it blew me away. there was something that had a slight crunch in it that just turned this dish into gold. My Steak was perfectly prepared and seasoned - honestly one of the best steaks I've had. All the side dishes were just a perfect blend of ingredients and preparation. Total Yummitude!
If I had written this after my first visit I would not have given it five stars. Yes, the duck fat fries were freaking amazing and some of the best this fry-junkie had ever tasted. But the steak I got, the porterhouse, was bland and tasteless and not even that tender. For that price and reputation, everything should be supreme. I was sorely disappointed. But my husband convinced me to go back, since we were staying at Mandalay Bay again, and he found an unbelievable deal on restaurant.com: $50 gift certificate for only $4. So I reluctantly agreed and boy, am I glad I did. 

We sat down at the bar, because we arrived early for our 7pm reservation, and happily discovered happy hour was still in effect. So we got melon mojitos and stripsteak sours for just $6 each. We ordered a half dozen oysters and they were so clean tasting and delicious. They include like three different sauces but just a little squeeze of lemon and a dash of tabasco was perfect. The bartender, Anthony was funny and attentive.

Now to dinner. Don't love the tables and chairs, which resemble office lunchroom decor. But our server, Steven, was one of the best we've ever had. He was friendly, attentive, informative and generous. We told him about our last experience and he more than made up for it by comping two amazing $20 glasses of cab. I ordered the Kobe Rib "Cap"... 8 oz. for $67!!! I usually get my steaks medium rare, but Steven suggested medium plus, due to the marbling in the meat. And good god, it was THE best piece of meat I have EVER had. Perfect flavor and char. I didn't think it was possible to make regular ribeye seem average, but THAT's how good it was. Every. Delectable. Savory. Bite. FOODGASM. Multiple. We also ordered the jalapeno creamed corn, and creme brulee with beignets. Aaaah, I'm still thinking about it. When can I go back???
The five-star rating I give it isn't because the wait staff is phenomenal, they aren't, but because the food absolutely is. You will wait and wait, you will beg and ask the dishwasher to please dear God bring you your beer, but you will NOT leave disappointed in the food. 

My boyfriend and I went last night (Saturday evening) and the wait was non-existent. We were seated in a beautifully designed dining room at a large table. We waited and waited and waited on our first beer, but we were okay with that because we'd been at the bar drinking before dinner anyway. The waitress was polite enough and seemingly efficient, but then would wander away waiting on the tables around us while we fantasized about another drink. Eventually we got one more.  

I don't want to harp on the waitstaff, but when you present a beautiful place with an outstanding menu (and wow, the prices) then you expect to be waited on accordingly. No, not here. Anyway, onto the real star, the meal!

Ordered some East Coast oysters. The waiter said the oysters from the West Coast were smaller and we like our oysters to have something to bite into, so...Got the oysters and they were TINY. I don't want to know what the West Coast were like. Regardless, these were the best oysters I do believe I've ever had the pleasure of eating. There weren't enough, and in my estimation, with the way those tasted, never will be enough. I could have eaten them for days. As Rowan Jacobsen says 'at some level, it's not about taste or smell at all. Because an oyster, like a lover, first captures you by bewitching your mind.' These are those oysters. Get them.

We then ordered the 18 oz. dry aged bone-in rib eye. Wow, wow, wow. WOW. It came out cooked a little more rare than we asked (medium rare), and while usually that much red in meat makes me shy away, it was hardly relevant with this steak. It melted in my mouth. Every taste was better than the one before. I have never, ever eaten a steak that tasted this way. I was considering going full vegetarian, but after this steak there will never be a chance of that. I have eaten at Cut, Ruth's Chris, Morton's, BLT, and many, many more. None have ever come close to the steak I had at STRIPSTEAK. None. As a bonus, my BF ordered foie gras to go on top. Listen, if you asked me to trade sex for a year for all the foie gras I could eat from this restaurant, well, let's just say I'd miss my BF a lot. It was THE best thing that has ever touched my lips and I mean that with everything I have. If you don't get this you are missing out on the most divine dining experiences you could possibly have. I have to stop talking about it. Moving on...

I can't skip the sides we had with our fabulous meal. The potato puree trio (lobster, sour cream & onion, horseradish) was, as stated, a puree, and I tend to like my mashed potatoes with a little more body, but these were out of this world. The flavors were subtle and smooth, and really, now I'll never want to eat garlic mashed again. THANKS A LOT, STRIPSTEAK. We also had the truffled mac and cheese. Speechless. It was the most divine taste of truffles in any dish I've ever tried with them. The musky, earthy flavor was just enough. I ate the whole thing (sorry, honey). 

Okay, the letdown here was the dessert, but you really don't go for the dessert anyway, right? While I don't remember what they called it, we had miniature donuts with a couple of dipping sauces. While I've had this dessert elsewhere and loved it, here it fell flat and really shouldn't be on a menu as amazing as this. Avoid. 

My suggestion is, if you want to round out your experiences with great steak RUN, don't walk, here. This place sets the bar for it.
My boss took a bunch of us here when we were in town. I was very impressed, great steak. Lived up to the hype of a celebrity chef restaurant. The fries and dipping sauces were as good as advertised. Great design and layout. Service was excellent, we had a party of at least 10.
This place is a solid 3 *.  When I ate here a few times a few years back I was blown away with the food and service.  But when we returned this past weekend for a bachelorette party, I wasn't so impressed.  My friend and I shared the Kansas Strip steak which was delicious, however we ordered the steak medium rare and it came out more like rare.  Another friend ordered her steak medium well, which I found crazy, but it came out medium rare....you'd think a fancy smancy steakhouse like Stripsteak would know the difference between medium rare, rare and medium well...the sides were awesome...we had asparagus, mushrooms and the truffle mac n cheese.  5* for that side!

the cocktails and wine list is yummy, the food is good, but not great.
My BF and I had a delicious dinner here while on vacation.  First, he got a good deal off of restaurant.com and second, I made my reservations via my OpenTable iPhone app!!  SCORE!!

We had a nice table in the open area of the restaurant, I would've preferred a more intimate dinner, but the ambiance was still chill.  Our server was very nice, and ended up actually being from Hawaii (I think his name is Brian), so that was nice!

We pretty much knew what we were going to order, since we studied their menu before our trip!!  He got the 30oz Porterhouse, and I got the Veal Chop.  For sides, we ordered their Truffled Mac & Cheese and Scalloped Potatoes.  Of course we got their complimentary Duck Fat Fries, which were effin' awesome with their little dipping sauces...I had a glass of wine and he, a beer.

Our food was very good, my BF ate ALL of his steak - and it was a huge one!!  I had a bite, and it was delicious.  So was my Veal Chop - it was big, and I couldn't finish it, but that's what BFs are for ~ he ate the rest of my chop with no problem!  Our sides were good too...I especially loved the Truffled Mac & Cheese, but then again - I love anything with truffles!!  The Scalloped Potatoes were good, but even though it's prepared differently - I seem to eat it a lot at my mom's house since her only grandson (AKA the "Golden Child") loves to eat it!  So, I'm kinda over scalloped potatoes...no matter the place I'm eating at!

Anyway, I really liked our experience at STRIPSTEAK and would return in a heartbeat!!
Solid,  that pretty much sums up this place.

I got the new york (which is pretty much what i get at every steak place),  and it turned out pretty much how i would expect the average 50 dollar steak to taste like.  Good but not amazing.  

The service was also on par for this type of restaurant.  I actually came here twice and both times I had a good experience.   Which i guess in itself is quite the feat since it's pretty rare for me to visit one of these places more then once AND not be disappointed the second time around.
Yum-o.  From the complimentary duck fat fries to the mouth-watering mac and cheese, michael mina's Stripsteak satisfied every taste bud on my palate.  Instead of bread, you are greeted with a complimentary trio of duck fat fries with truffle sauce, homemade ketchup, and an aioli.  Those fries...seriously once I started I just couldn't stop eating!  The truffle sauce rich but so flavorful.  Next, we shared the 18 oz rib eye and the braised veal chop.  The 18 oz dry aged rib eye was simple, without the excessive spice mixture coating or butter drenching the meat, and yet so delicious that you could really appreciate the meat itself.  Cooked to perfection!  The braised veal chop fell right off the bone, however was on the saltier side.  To compliment these large slabs of meat was the star side...the truffle mac and cheese.  A blend of broccoli, macaroni noodles, and cheeses smothered in a coating of cheese (I think it was mizithra), this was the best mac and cheese I've tasted, and I couldn't stop eating it (yes it is a recurrent theme in this write-up).  I was so full after finishing my veal chop and mac and cheese that I couldnt make it to dessert, but I'll definitely be back for more.

The only cons is the atmosphere.  The decor of the restaurant appears cheap for a michael mina restaurant.  And, it's unisex restrooms!  Come on...at least have separate restrooms so I'm not avoiding urine on the floor on my trek to the toilet!
So tantalizing is the spinach souffle that I just can't get enough.  This with my filet mignon, what a great way to have dinner.  Find me at the bar with no reservation required enjoying my dinner and my Colorado Bulldog.
This place does not disappoint for Michael Mina's first steak restaurant. Everything on the menu and service was impeccable. For apps, the lobster fritters and duck spring rolls were spot on with flavors. For entree, I ordered the 10oz Filet Mignon with creamed corn and asparagus. The Filet was so nice n' tender and cooked consistency throughout. This is the reason why I eat meat!!!
A friend of mine is the biggest fan of Stripsteak so when I saw a Restaurant.com coupon, I jumped on it and we made plans for Stripsteak the evening we arrive in LV. 

Got there at about 10.30 pm, last orders are taken before 11pm. We ordered:

Foie Gras sliders - really good!! the foie gras was grilled well, served with a kind of apple chutney. Delicious! I didn't care much for the sauce on the side.

Shabu Shabu - meh.. The kobe slices were a bit blah once boiled in the broth. Broth was really tasty tho..

American Kobe Rib Cap - Amazing! I am still dreaming about this. 3 out of 4 of us ordered this. The meat is grilled till there is a nice crust on the outside giving it amazing smoky flavour. Seasoned so well, marbled with so much fat that is was ultra tender.

Kansas City Strip w Grilled Foie Gras - Very good. The steak was cooked as requested and seasoned well. The foie was amazing quality, not a hint of vein spotted and grilled perfectly. 

Roasted Mushrooms - meh... most disappointing. Rubbery and unimpressive.

Truffle Mac & Cheese - delicious but the macaroni was way overcooked and soft but it was very tasty! the little bits of broccoli was a nice surprise and gave it a nice edge.

Beignets & Vanilla creme brulee - delicious! the creme brulee acted as a dip for the great beignets

Service was OK, not stellar but not overly absent. we didn't even get check backs to see how the food was. But bussers were great with clearing dishes and refilling drinks. I had a tad too many floaties (cork bits) in my wine and could not locate the waitress to get it changed for the longest time.

 The restuarant.com coupon is a no brainer since it takes barely any effort and a savings of $30~ Overall great meal and pretty worth the hefty price tag since everything is above average or excellent.
We decided to go here for my husband's birthday (Halloween night). Also, a few friends highly recommended this place. So we decided to give it a try. We reserved for two. We did not have to wait at all. They seated us at a small cozy table. 

We ordered the AHI TUNA AND HAMACHI POPPERS for the appetizer. The husband loved it, but I thought it was okay. 

The husband ordered the Kobe steak with grilled foie gras with a side of scalloped potatoes. The side was fantastic, the foie gras gave the steak lots of flavor, but not amazing. 

I ordered the special that night, which was a filet mignon bone-in with grilled foie grass with a side of mac & cheese. The mac & cheese was fantastic! Both of our steaks were cooked perfectly.

The service here was great. They were always refilling our drinks. At the end it did take a tab bit longer to get our check, but the service overall was good. Plus, the place was super packed.

Overall, the sides were more amazing than the entrees. The steaks were good, but not mind blowing. At the end of the night, we were disappointed. Most likely we will not be coming back anytime soon or in the future.
Still five stars after coming here again! Love this place and can't wait to be back. YUMMY.
The last Vegas trip I took with my boyfriend was more fine dining oriented than getting sloshed and stupid in sin city. We scored a deal with all the Mandalay Bay restaurants on restaurant.com and decided to come to StripSteak on our first night. We arrived in the middle of happy hour and hence opted to sit at the bar and ordered a couple of appetizers and cocktails at reduced cost. 

The bar staff was super friendly and entertaining so we decided to keep our behinds on those stools for the entrees. A delicious steak and an amazing half organic grilled chicken with truffle mac and cheese later, we happily strolled our stuffed bellies out of StripSteak. 

I will definitely come back here for some more happy hour. Solid clean food, great service, good cocktail and wine list...that's all I need to be happy!
We were at the Mandalay for the Barrett-Jackson Car Auction and stopped here for their Happy Hour-half off appetizers and good drink specials,

We had the duck fat fries with the three dipping sauces, the strip steak, and a lobster item. Everything was fresh and well-prepared and nothing tasted cut-rate for the price. It's well-worth the walk from the center!
I go to StripSteak every time I go to Vegas.  The food and service has always been exceptional, everything is prepared to perfection there. It's one of my favorite restaurants and I will definitely be back!
With so many options in Las Vegas, I have to say I was surprisingly underwhelmed with Stripsteak. This statement may seem incorrect, but allow me to explain. In Las Vegas there are so many amazing restaurants that they each need to compete to stay on top, or at the very least - relevant. I didn't feel that Stripsteak was even trying. 

The decor made me feel like I was in a cafeteria. The way the tables were placed and the type of chairs they had looked like a food court in a mall or cafeteria. It wasn't impressive at all. The menu didn't have anything on it that really stood out to me either. It was a standard Steak House menu- which isn't something to complain about, since I love steak, but the steak I had wasn't even that good. - A little background on me- it takes a lot for me to dislike any steak. I love steak. This steak in particular was just BORING. It wasn't cooked Medium Rare- it was more on the medium well side- which is fine too, but when you're paying $50 for a steak it should probably be cooked the way you requested. It also lacked flavor. It was just blah. I never in my life had such an expensive boring meal. 

The upside- the french fries. The different french fries that they bring to each table as opposed to bread are phenomenal- and also the reason for 2 stars as opposed to 1. 

I'm sorry to the Stripsteak fans, but for me Stripsteak is a massive let down.
I dined at Stripsteak prior to going to a concert and I can honestly say that everything about this place was disappointing. The service was terrible! The drinks are way overpriced and they don't even give you a full martini. We had to ask for bread or something because after 45 minutes we had nothing at our table. It took 50 minutes for carpaccio and a wedge salad. Seriously... they didn't have to cook anything. My fillet was good but nothing special. My husband and I were very disappointed since we had both heard good stuff about this place. I would recommend SW Steakhouse or BOA Steakhouse instead.
My husband and I were staying at Mandalay Bay when my sister in law offered to babysit. (For those of you who know me, or have kids, you know this was a magical moment). I got on my Open Table app and made a reservation for 2. Luckily, I also had a $50 restaurant.com certificate. We were sat in a lounge type area, very low couches which were slightly uncomfortable, that is until the wine arrived. 
A server brought us the duck fat fries trio with three different sauces, "compliments of the Chef". They were very good, but I wasn't about to waste stomach space on fries. We both had a couple and then focused on wine and our romantic night out.
 Mr. R ordered the 8 oz American Kobe Rib Cap, I ordered the King Salmon, we also shared the truffled Mac & Cheese. All three dishes were prepared perfectly. I highly recommend the Mac & Cheese. 
The staff was both helpful and kind, they never rushed us or were over bearing. Our restaurant.com certificate ended up taking care of tip and tax, which is better than nothing, but I think I will be on the look out for $100 certificate next time. On our way out, the server brought us a small bag of caramel popcorn drizzled in dark chocolate. If we ever are blessed with a babysitter again, we will happily return.
We were supposed to get into Vegas on the halloween weekend at 8PM, and go to our 9.30PM dinner reservation at Stripsteak (upon the husband's request, having been there during his last visit).  Unfortunately the flight was delayed (surprise, surprise) and I was going to cancel the reservation, if not for the fact that the husband got extremely upset and insisted that we find out the latest they can fit us in.  Turns out that they were able to move us to 10.45PM, so we took that spot and rolled the dice.

We landed at 10.15 and went straight to Stripsteak, carry ons and everything, just so he got his Stripsteak fix.

One bite into the duck fat fries (served with three different sauces, my favorite being garlic aioli) and the rib cap (the best, fattiest part of the ribeye steak) I understood why he was so noticeably upset at the prospect of not being able to make this dinner. 

The steak was the most amazing cut I've ever had - it was a relatively small piece (about 7 - 8 oz), but gosh, the meal was satisfying! It's not like digging into a hunk of meat, the fat was intertwined with the muscle so as to give the beef a soft, melt-in-your-mouth texture.  

Equally fantastic were the the foie gras sliders (more, please!!!!!!) and beef shabu shabu (similar to the one served at the SF's Michael Mina) as appetizers, and beignets with creme brûlée as dessert.  But if you're only allowed to order one thing, it has to be the rib cap.
I came back again recently and had a much better experience this time around. I ordered the 10oz filet mignon ($55) and my lady ordered the 18oz ribeye ($58). Due to my last experience, we ordered both rare. Both cuts were satisfactory - not really overcharred and cooked just right on the inside.

We also ordered the duck spring rolls ($19), the spinach souffle ($12), and the potato puree ($12?). The spring rolls were ok, but probably not worth it, the souffle wasn't great (creamed spinach is better than this souffle), and the potato puree was surprisingly good. The portion of the puree that was lobster infused was particularly delicious... I would definitely order this side dish again.
Pricey, so get the restaurant.com certification to make it worth it. The steaks were good, but the star here are the duck fat fries....really good and probably great for hangovers! They went super fast.
Stopped in here after my weekend in Las Vegas for the Rock N Roll marathon. Forget that the after race mob scene rush inside Mandalay Bay was a madhouse! Once I was able to join my friend for a late dinner, it was all worth it!
I ordered the American Kobe burger and the duck fat fries, everyone kept talking about the fries! I thought about ordering a steak but at 1015pm, post 13.1 miles run at night in 40 degrees, damn I wanted a burger!!
 And I was not disappointed!! Big,flavorful, juicy and the duck fat fries were heaven!! I will definitely come back here and next time try the steak for sure!!
I've always been biased towards things with the word "strip" in it. 

Strip Poker, Strip Club, Strip Jenga, Strip Bowling.....All things normal people do. But I'm really not a normal person, as I always enjoy getting abnormal deals. The best deal of all for these higher priced Las Vegas restaurants are getting restaurant.com vouchers on sale. With a few clicks of the mouse, I was able to get a hundred dollar voucher for $20. 

There's nothing like getting two Rib Eyes for $20 bucks after a long day of gambling, donating money to slot machines, and contributing to college educations for young women. Apparently, clear heels are also very expensive. 

The Rib eye was delicious and cooked to perfection. When a steak place knows how to cook a steak, you don't need condiments. All you need is a knife and a fork. Heaven only comes in medium rare and one slow bite at a time.
WOW! LEMME JUST SAY WOW! While staying at the AWESOME Mandalay Bay Hotel, we came across strip steak. My dad who is the king of beef is always telling me about kobe beef. We say kobe beef on the menu. I had the most amazing burger I will ever have(made of kobe beef) and my dad had a big hunk of medium rare kobe beef. Both didshes melted in our mouth like butter! Plus, their garlic fries are to die for! Highly recommended!
Great steak with atmosphere and service to go with it. try the duck fat fries and sauces.
This review is for happy hour only.  Before I went, their website said it was 4-7pm.  Drinks for $6, aps for $6-10, bottled beer for $3. When I got there, I discovered it was only 4-5:30. Pretty crappy considering all the restaurants that surround it had 4-7 happy hours with $5 drinks and aps.  Also, the happy hour food options did not match the website.  I did not see Kobe Cap Pastrami Slider, Baked Crab Dip, or Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho as options.  But you can get hummus. For $6.  Yay.

Happy hour drink selections were also very limited but they did have 3 wines by the glass at happy hour prices that were not listed.  After I had a crappy melon mojito, the server informed me that there were secret wine selections.  I got a pretty awesome glass of sparkling wine for $6.  So make sure to ask about those specials. 

Since I went, it looks like they've at least partially updated their website to the right hours.  But the happy hour food selections were still wrong as of today.  This is a big pet peeve of mine.  Why can't restaurants keep their websites accurate?  Is it that much of a chore?  Do they forget that they have websites?

Anyway, if you are stuck on the Strip, there are better happy hours to be had than Stripsteak.
The five stars is for the rib cap and the wine only. 

The rib cap is UNREAL. Over a week and many lovely meals have passed, and I am still thinking about it. 

Everything else here I think gets 3.5 stars. 
I also got their bone-in filet mignon. OK, but nothing compared to the cap. NOTHING!
The burrata & heirloom tomato salad was nice. 
The oysters (we got the east coast sampling) were okay. 
The duck fat fries were yummy - but really, can you go wrong with that? 
The service was good. 

I will note that they do serve their steaks a little more rare than you'd see at other places (good for me, but bad for the nice lady at the table next to us). 

I can't wait to go back for the rib cap!!
Skirt steak and creamed corn!!! HEAVEN! The food is exquisite. Thank you for the complimentary appetizer and chocolate covered popcorn :) 5 stars for sure!
I'd strip for their steak

Love the people here...both customers and staff...pretty crowd, young, yet not obnoxious. Great music yet the place isn't too loud. Had me at 3 flavors of fries duck fat fried & 3 complimentary sauces! Yummy duck rolls, veal, & Mac-n-cheese. Our huge waiter guy was soo sweet, soft spoken, and just on top of it the whole night. We even slipped out like celebs through the kitchen to get to the cabs faster to catch our show...love itttt!

Make it rain babyyyy!
Big Disappoitment!!! Decided to give this place a try because of all the great reviews, but should've paid more attention to the bad ones! The only okay thing about this place was the steak and duck fat fries, and that's being generous! Service was horrible!!! Took over an hour for our steaks to arrive and no one, not even our waitress acknowledge how long we had been waiting until literally 2 mins before our food arrived. The spinach and mushroom sides sucked! Soooo not worth the amount we paid! Trust me bring your money somewhere else!
There are three things that are a must for any Vegas trip... 

1) Hot sweaty dance floor action 

2) Titties at the Rhino 

3) A big fat juicy piece of meat from Stripsteak

As far as the steaks go, my personal recommendation would be to get the 18 ounce dry aged bone-in ribeye ($52).  Its fatty, flavorful, and absolutely satisfying, but If that's not enough for you, Stripsteak also offers a much larger 30oz Porterhouse ($69). And for those who want a little slice of heaven you can opt for the 12 oz gold label kobe steak for a whopping $85.  Might as well right...

And we all know that no steak dinner is complete without a few sides.  My faves include teh the scalloped potatoes and the truffled mac and cheese.  I would say that one side per person is about right, but keep in mind that they do send over complimentary duck fat fries to get the juices flowing while you wait for you steak.

If you're in a rush and want your steak pronto let them know you have to catch a show and they'll throw that sucker on the grill and have it ready for you in no time. Oh and before you head over to Mandalay make sure to hit up restaurant.com for a $50 gift certificate.  

Below I have also included some eating instructions for you.

As soon as your steak arrives please take the following steps to ensure maximum satisfaction. 
 
1. cut your steak one bite at a time 

2. do not stop eating until you have finished you entire steak (fat included)

3. once you finish your steak begin to eat the steak off of your dining companions plates.

4. If they resist stab them in the neck with your knife then proceed to eat their steak as they bleed out.
Based on the name, I came here thinking that I was going to get steak and a strip show, but alas the servers kept their clothes on. Good thing the food is excellent. 

All kidding aside,  I love this place. One of my favorite stops in Vegas. I've been twice so far, and I plan to go back. First off, this place is currently on restaurant.com, so you can get a pretty good deal. I've tried both the ribeye and the rib cap. The rib cap is supposed to be their best meat they have, and it is rich and flavorful. However, I guess I'm a traditionalist and love my ribeye. It's very good here. The sides are incredible. I've had the mac and cheese, the trio of pureed potatoes (good!), and the creamed spinach with bacon. Also, the foie gras was very tasty and a generous portion. I tried the bone marrow for the 1st time in my life, and I just think I'm not a big fan of it.  As you must already know by reading the many reviews, they bring a complimentary trio of fries that come with special sauces. Oh, the truffles fries and truffle sauce... amazing. For dessert, I've had the marscapone cheesecake and the donuts. Both were very good. And they even give you a dark chocolate covered popcorn goodie bag to take with you.

The drinks are good too, and the service is great. Both times I came alone, and I felt very special. They are very accommodating.  

Great place!
We did my daughter's Sweet 16 dinner here.  The food was great and our waiter took great care of us.  We premade a menu for the kids from their menu and limited the choices down to make ordering for our large group easier.  The portions are large so we rounded down the orders and did it family style.  It was great and they helped us pull it all off well.
The good here was great, but the service needed a bit of work. There was a group of 9 of us, and the majority had steak. I had the 18oz bone in rib eye and it was as big as it sounds but so delicious. The sides that we ordered were truffle mac and cheese (really good), bacon cream spinach, mushrooms and the potato trio (yummy!). I also had the Apple crumble for dessert which was really big and pretty good. I've had better apple crumble but it wasn't bad by any means. The coffee was decent as well. Nothing to rave about, but nice to have at the end of your meal. Our server was slow on refilling our drinks and bringing the condiments we requested. The free fries at the beginning are such a nice touch and SO good. The meal will run your at minimum probably about $80 a person. Definitely worth the price though. Especially if your suite has a microwave or stove - take home the leftovers for steak and eggs the next morning! Oh, my husband had to lamb and said it was the best cut of lamb he's ever had but he didn't like the spices. The lobster was really good (although I don't think it was two pounds like they claimed) and the foie gras was really good to accompany your steak. You get a large peice for $19.
'A-OK', but don't get the steaks.

What I'd get here: The shabu shabu. It's surprisingly good.
Who I'd take here: Family and friends, and their kids. A date you wanted to impress.

Food Quality: 1
This joint is a steakhouse. I went here on a recommendation from a BBQ/grilling web site that stated that the steaks here were cooked in a special way (simmered in clarified butter), but the steak was OK. Either the steak wasn't that impressive, or I don't have the tongue to discern the fine taste (possible). Personally, I've been to Morton's, Lawry's, and other Vegas steakhouses (Palm, Delminco), and this place ranks behind all these joints, but manages to charge above average in price.
The cook cooking the steaks (you can see him through the window) didn't seem to care about the flare ups going up around the steak, which concerned me.
Other than the steak, though, everything was great. The mushroom soup was great, the caesar salad came with actual anchovies, they shabu shabu was amazing, and the mascarpone cheesecake was amazing.
-2 bad steak at a steakhouse. +1 other items were great. -1 expensive price for what you're getting.

Service Quality: 4
This service was the best part of this restaurant. We came on Christmas eve and the place looked understaffed. The waiter did his best despite having to look after a disproportionate amount of tables.
+1 great service.

Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 3
This ambiance here would be conducive to a good date. The tables can be pretty intimate. It's near where you enter the Mandalay from the parking garage.

How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.

Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(2.7) = 3
Great Prix Fixe options. Nice dry aged steak. Great wine pairings. And, my favorite is the chef's amuse bouche of fries and dipping sauces... especially the truffle aioli! Again, Michael Mina can do no wrong by me.
Took an hour for the appetizers to come out. Another 20 for the meat. Steaks were all cold(8 of them) and all rare when we ordered medium rare to medium well. Kept blaming the big influx of the michael Jackson crowd but we were the 3rd table to be seated. They suggested that we regrill oursteaks at
 30 min before half of our party had to be at a show. The sides came out fiveminut es afterthe steaks.
  
Five members of our party didn't get to finish their dstaks and went to theshow hungry.
 
Three of us remained... Unfortunately. Second round of steaks were off again... All ordered medium well but some were yndercooked andsome overcooked. The waiter responded that that's how its done here?  Skirt steak too peppery as well as the brussel sprouts. Spinach was good and the MAC and cheese was alright.

Gen manager came out and offered us to feed us after the lion king show and gave us his business card which was out in front for everyone to take anyways. He was disingenious. We were not happy and he asked us in a no- so nice tone, "What else can I do?" Um, I don't know...be nice? Explain what happened? Send us off with some finger food so we aren't starving at the show? Comp us without asking what we want?

Rootbeer dessert tastes like black licorice.

It was sort of the worst experience I've ever had at a steak house.

Now I realize why they are giving out coupons for a celebrity chef restaurant.
I've been to StripSteak before, and have enjoyed their steaks, so I thought I'd try something different this time.  I had a gift certificate from restaurant.com, so that helped on the bill a bit. 

For Christmas night, it was surprisingly busy.  There was no special menu offered.  I will say, the set up in the restaurant is a little crowded. We couldn't help hearing the couple seated next to us bicker drunkenly, and were amused (and horrified) when the woman picked up her steak bone and proceeded to gnaw on it.  The music playing in the background was also a bit strange.  At first, we thought it was coming from elsewhere, but no, it was within the restaurant.  A mixture of club/pop/hip hop, which I didn't mind, but thought it odd for an upscale restaurant.  It wasn't playing loudly, however.

As always, the duck fat fries were delicious. I could eat them all day! The sauces were a nice compliment as well.  I ordered the scallops and a lobster tail, and we ordered the truffle mac and cheese as a side.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and a nice size (4 of them), and the lobster tail was tasty as well.  I found the sauce to be a bit oily, however.  The mac & cheese was also very good, but it too seemed a bit oily.  

Service was pretty good, leisurely pace, but they did forget to refill my iced tea, even after I requested another.  Small glitch, but I did notice.
I will admit that it has been a while since I went to Stripsteak, but when I did go I was very disappointed. I went with my fiance for our one nice dinner out while in town.  The atmosphere is very beautiful and appealing, but that doesn't mean anything when the food is mediocre. The steak I ordered medium rare was burnt and overcooked. I like a little char on my steak, but I don't want so much that it takes away from the beautiful taste of the well raised beef they use.  I should have sent it back, so part of the fault lies on me for not saying anything. I could tell the waitress was having a bad night though, so I didn't want to add to it.
The best thing we had all night was their complimentary fries cooked in duck fat. Considering we spent well over $100, I'd expect to enjoy a little more than the fries. With so many other great restaurants in Vegas, I personally wouldn't spend my money at this one again.
I have eaten here twice.  Good food.  Very expensive.  The service is just ok.  I don't think it is as good as Morton's or Ruth's Chris.
This was the first place I ate dinner at in Vegas and I feel in love over one delicious meal! I bought a restaurant.com certificate before our trip and this was the first one we used. 

We made reservations for 6pm and were promptly seated. It took a little while for our server to actually come over to the table and ask what we would want for drinks. I read reviews beforehand that warned about slow service. After we took some time to look over the menu and decided what we wanted we were given Duck Fat Fries with three sauces. These are amazing and I do hope that people get a chance to try them.

For my appetizer I ordered the Maine Lobster Fritters, which were to die for. For dinner I had the Braised Pork Shank, others in my park had the 12 oz. Skirt Steak, American Kobe Burger, and Golden Trout. We also ordered some sides such as the potato, asparagus, and spinach souffle. All the main entrees and sides were to die for. I think my mother-in-law was the only one who did not absolutely love their food. She got the Golden Trout and just thought it was ok.  The food was cooked perfectly. My Braised Pork Shank just fell off the bone and my husband was in love with the American Kobe Burger.

If you are looking for a cheap place to eat this is not it but it is worth every dime. For six people our bill was around $200 after the restaurant.come gift certificate.
Definitely still a fan! Since the other half fell in love with this place 2 mths ago, he insisted a trip here for every Vegas trip hereinafter. Went in a larger group and managed to try even more dishes this time around.

I have to say - after trying 4 different cuts of the beef, the best is still the American Kobe Ribcap!!! It is the fattiest but also the best.

We ordered:
American Kobe Rib Cap w Foie Gras - top pick! as mentioned before, it was heaven in my mouth and the foie gras is top quality!
American Kobe Rib Eye - Not as good as the rib cap. it is leaner and not as rich but still marbled and better than the average rib eye
2 lb Grilled Lobster special- great but incomplete by itself.
Skirt Steak - PRetty tough but is expected of skirt steak. The one steak I did not enjoy all night
Dry Aged Ribeye - Very good, tender and with a good amount of fat. 
Lamb - Tender and not very gamey at all. I didn't care much for the accompaniments tho.
Potato puree - delicious. all 3 versions were quite good, the lobster is my favourite and tasted like lobster bisque!
Creamed spinach - pretty good
Mushrooms - not bad
Mac & cheese - doubled in size since our last visit but not as good. It was missing the random bits of broccoli that i enjoyed. Stil the best of all the sides.
Apple streusel - very good
Opera cake - amazing!

Service was pretty good and we got our food in a timely manner. will definitely be back!
I had a very good meal here, but nothing blew me away. Given the reputation of the chef and the price paid, that is disappointing. My friend and I were seated about 15 minutes after our reservation time. Dana White and a group of UFC fighters were dining in the restaurant as well during the time of our visit. In fact I came pretty close to smacking the guy in the crotch when he walked by our table and I was in mid stretch. So yeah, as other have mentioned, the tables are packed pretty close together here. In addition to nearly smacking a guy in the crotch, the closeness of the tables also meant hearing a lot of other people's conversations. The nice older woman next to us started to tell some of the most expletive filled stories after a few glasses of wine. I did like that it was a relaxed atmosphere for fine dining. My wrinkle free shirts hadn't stayed as wrinkle free as I would have liked in my luggage and being sort on time I put on a black t-shirt and tried for the Steve Jobs look. I thought I'd look out of place, but lots of people were dressed casually. 

Our server was in a bit of a rush at first. All of his tables were sat at the same time including ours, but later in the night, as things calmed down, he came over and chatted with us for a bit. The guy was right on with all his suggestions. The service was good overall. 

For appetizers we had the lobster fritters and east coast oysters. The fritters were lobster wrapped in bacon, fried and served with butter lettuce and creme fraiche. You know anything made with that combination of ingredients is going to be good and it was, but it was just good. I'm not usually one to talk about the concept of a dish, but when I'm in a place like Stripsteak I am hoping for something unique. This dish didn't strike me as being anything that unique as much as it was a bunch of delicious stuff that got fried. We also received our complimentary fries and while they were all good, the one that really stood out was the truffled one.

My friend and I both had the bone-in ribeye as our entree. Hate to say it, but it was slightly overcooked. I kept cutting into it hoping it was just the char from the wood burning grill that made it seem less pink than a medium rare should have been, but my steak was mostly medium until I got very close to the bone. This was a shame since it was a very good cut of meat. My friend had his with foie gras and it was a great combination. He also had the chipotle scalloped potatoes recommended by our server and they were excellent. I went old school and got a baked potato. The overcooked steak was probably the biggest disappointment of the night.

We were both stuffed, but after such a heavy meal I wanted something sweet to end the night. We both went with the beignets. I had the one with chocolate, pudding, and Macallan 18. I'll eat anything with Macallan 18 in it. It was a decent beignet. A little bit denser than I would have liked, but probably done so because it was intended to be dipped into the pudding. Again, a good dessert, but nothing amazing. The best part was probably the Macallan. My friend had the same thing but with creme brulee instead of pudding.

So yeah, that was pretty much the story of the night. Good food and good service, but nothing we had really wowed me. My friend raves about his steak with foie gras, but it was his first time having foie gras so I guess we all remember our first time ;) I think the only item that was really memorable to me was the truffled fries.
I love this place, they never seem to disappoint. Their butter poached steaks are to die for & Glen gives the best service in town.
Finally managed to make it outside the hotel on a program I worked in Vegas recently, and went to Mandalay to have Stripsteak with my sister in law. I'm not really sure what I was expecting (complete lack of expectation, I suppose) but I wasn't expecting to pay $50 for a small meal. My bad. Ordered the chicken on truffle mac'n'cheese, which was great... all $8 worth of it. Kind of wish I'd have just ordered a side of the mac'n'cheese since that was the best part of the whole dish. The duck-fat fry variety tray they bring out prior to the meal was the strangest free app I've ever had, but also perhaps one of the most delicious. Kind of a truffle whore, so when you give me truffle fries for free...you're alright in my book. Our waiter had excellent customer service and kept our table refreshed the whole time. Good service, good food, just bring your checkbook (figuratively)
This might be the first time I've gone against the majority in a negative way. I had reservations as part of a package that included tickets to "The Lion King". So I had a pre fix menu to choose from. The decor inside the restaurant was nice, and everyone was friendly when I arrived. 

The server was friendly, but a bit slow. I started my meal with the mushroom soup and also ordered the Lobster Fritters. The fritters where very tasty. That was by far my favorite pert of the meal. Then I tried the mushroom soup. Maybe my expectations where to high, but I just didn't enjoy it. It was too creamy and barely served warm. No everything could be a winner tho. 

For my entree I had the Skirt steak. Here is where they went from 4 stars to 2 stars. Normally I order my steak med-rare. My steak came out charred on top, and completely raw in the middle. I ate less then half of it, and had to give up the rest. I over herd my server talking to another table, saying that the steak is cooked under temperature, so I should have ordered it medium. Unfortunately, my server failed to mention this to me and got stuck with a tough, burnt tasting raw piece of meat. Not a winning entree. (It did taste great re hashed in my breakfast burrito the next morning however.)

My only dessert choice was a root beer float. Creative, if your 5 years old. Slow service and food below par. Maybe if I hadn't been on a pre fix menu it would have been better. With all the choices in Vegas, It will be tough to get me back.
My first kobe beef experience - and wow, was it good. Seriously, I can't think of a better steak I've ever had. Professional service, mellow atmosphere (you might forget you're in Vegas), and simply great food. The only hitch is the wine list, which is very expensive with few selections under $70.
Before you take my review to heart, please know that I am in the fine dining industry and I understand both the guest perception and service staff perception.
Overall, our dining experience was wonderful....... Food, service, price!
Now on to the actual review:
5:30pm reservation time, showed up early for a little HH cocktail and was promptly seated for dinner soon thereafter. Our server, although very soft spoken and a little difficult to hear, was attentive and nice! He gave us the perfect amount of time to order, and the food started to flow out of the kitchen.
Compliments from the chef: duck fat fries: hello?!? Heaven in my mouth!
1st course: Kobe beef tartare- beautiful presentation! Tartare came out on a plate with the quail egg set atop with all the mix ins surrounding. Our food runner gracefully mixed the tartare and placed it in a chilled glass. Grilled pita bread to go with. We both decided that the pita bread and the tartare were great........ Separately! The pita bread masked the steak when eated together.
2nd course (his): wedge salad: wow! Crispe cups of iceberg lettuce, bacon, blue cheese dressing (which was not too "blue cheesy"), and pickled shallots.
2nd (mine): hearts of romaine, which I automatically pegged for their version of a caesar salad. It was and it wasn't. The menu states "olive" dressing....... After my first bite, I remembered that olives are not my most favorite....... My fault!
Main entree (his): rack of lamb. Perfect mid-rare with the most incredible rosemary sauce drizzled over the top.
Mine: grilled scallops: cooked nicely...... Nothing over the top. My very last bite did have a grain of sand which sends chills down my spine, but it was just the one. I appreciate the work, talents, and dedication of the prep all the cooks/ chefs to back there do before service starts. One graine of sand won't kill me.
Sides: Brussels sprouts with bacon-de-lish! Potato purée: sour cream- average, lobster- incredible, horseradish- in between.
Dessert (his): beignets with 18 yr scotch butterscotch pudding- the pudding was amazing. You got all the favors of both the scotch and the butterscotch. Perfect pair!
Mine: mascarpone cheesecake: the best cheesecake I've ever had! Huckleberry compote, shortbread crumble, and candied kumquat peel...... Amazing!
all savory food came out very quickly, almost too quickly. By the time dessert came around, service drastically slowed down. As I stated at the beginning of this review, I'm in the industry, so I see both sides of it.
At the end of the day, would I go back? Absolutely!!!
Other reviews state that the price is to high, blah, blah,...... But you need to remember, you're not just paying for that steak on a plate..... You're paying for the technique of food preparation, service and everything in between. So, if you're worried about how much money you're going to spend, don't go out to a restaurant like this because you'll leave pissed off when in all actuality everything was great until the bill was dropped. 
I left happy! :)
When I visited on Christmas Day in 2010, I ordered a Kobe Burger that changed my views on hambugers forever.  It was cooked a perfect medium-rare and had flavor beyond anything I've seen in my life.  Maybe my expectations were too high or what not for this second time around, but I got the burger again.  It was a little bit burned on the outside and below rare on the inside.  The waitress made a pretty snobby comment when I asked for a new one "You did ask for it medium-rare" to which I replied "I did, in which I'd expected it to be cooked".  She brought out another one which was cooked just about the same way, except a bit more burnt and a bit rarer in the middle; I ended up not eating either.  I ended up asking for the manager and getting the burger off of the bill.  

The filet my wife had was tasty, but I'm not sure if it was a $56 steak.  Then again I'm pretty cheap.

Gotta put a shout out to the tasty fries they bring out to start the meal.

Maybe your luck will be better than mine, my first time there I would have given 5 stars but this time more inclined towards 2 or 3, only giving 3 due to the manager being cool about the grills running hot or whatever else seemed to be happening.

I still feel sad though, and maybe I'll chase the dragon once again some day.
Love Vegas and their Steakhouses, I was here for a bachelor party. Made reservations here. Saw online that they had  American Kobe so I wanted to try it. This was the first time I had the American Kobe Rib Cap and it was Awesome! Every bite the meat was soft and felt like it was butter melting in your mouth. The appetizers and sides were good, but I am coming back for the STEAK!
Get the Kansas City Strip and the mashed potato trio. The lobster mashed tat's are amazing.
While in Vegas, I wanted a really nice steak dinner. Got a $50 restaurant.com gift certificate which enticed us to choose here. Visited mid-January on a Sunday evening with my girlfriend. Had reservations at 5:30pm as we had to catch a show at 8:30pm. 

We arrived right on time and were seating promptly. The hostess was neither welcoming or off putting. The restaurant was pretty busy for an early Sunday evening. 

It took a long time for our waiter to come over and get us both menus and drinks. After we got our drinks, it took a full half-an-hour before he took our order. We did get the Duck Fat Fries which were heavenly. 

Initially, they messed up our apps and brought us an incorrect one. It wasn't until I corrected them that we our food that we ordered. We started with the Lobster Fritters and Hamachi Sashimi. I thought the fritters were alright, maybe too indulgent. The sashimi was great, huge portions. 

Next, I got the Kansas City Strip and my girlfriend got the Filet Mignon. My steak was less than stellar and under cooked. Her filet was good though. We also got the Potato Puree Trio, which was good but we didn't care for the horseradish ones. 

Dessert was an Apple Crumble and Cheesecake. The crumble was delicious while the cheesecake was blah. 

The whole meal took two hours, way too long in my opinion. Our waiter was very nice though but may have been overrun with too many tables. The busser was great as dirty dishes never sat and water glasses never were empty. We also had a mix up on the check, which was frustrating when time was an issue, but we got it straightened out. 

Bill was $175 w/ tip after the gift certificate. 

Ultimately, did I get a delicious steak dinner? No. For $175 for two, I expect way more. Especially since there are so many other steak house options in Las Vegas. While the $50 gift certificate is nice, I would pay the full $50 for a mouth watering steak, which I didn't get. Disappointment with my steak and slow service won't have me returning to Stripsteak the next time I'm in Las Vegas.

NOTE: We went to Fleur the night before. Although not a steak house, if you're in Mandalay Bay, I highly recommend it over Stripsteak.
Not quite as good on the service as from my last visit.  Stripsteak is one of the few Vegas steakhouses that has earned our repeat business.  Still love the decor and the options.

Drinks- mine (rock'n rye) was great with a gentle cinammon bitters flavor & a mondo ice cube.  Wife's--some kind of pomegranate or blueberry mixed drink (from the cocktails menu)--very average to her taste & mine.

Filet (bone OFF) came cooked a little below my medium instruction, which was a surprise according to some contrasting reviews here.  However I was pleased with the quality & flavor nevertheless.  Last time i visited almost 2 years ago, I recall my piece of meat being on the mark of my requested temperature.

Sides were very good, as they must be at an a la carte steakhouse of this caliber.  Chef's treat of duck fat fries are perhaps the best side! Yet I've had better sides at Flemings and /or Ruth's.  I think we had about a 3* service experience this time; but had about a 4.5* the last time (waiter was a lot better then).

As an aside, we didn't stop by the bar beforehand, but the bartender (Chris, I believe) still works there; I remember him from 2 years ago.  Great guy, good mixologist if you ask him to surprise you.
3 1/2 stars really. The food is fab, but the atmosphere is kinda weird.  Tables are close together and it was fairly bright in there for a steak house. 

Try the scallops, they are divine. So are the brussel sprouts. 

Corkage fee is $35
I was really disappointed with my Stripsteak experience. I made the 5:30 pm reservation about 2 weeks in advance. I let them know it was my bday. We get there and had to wait about 15 minutes before we got seated (when we got in, over half the tables were empty...) Whatever - thats fine. I got a little happy bday card from them and the waiter was really cool at first. Then I let him know we had a restaurant.com certificate and I don't know but I feel like maybe it went all downhill from there (not sure why they would be upset with this bc they still make the same tip amount if we didn't have the certificate.)

We got the duckfat fries. They were mediocre. So many people raved about these fries and I just didn't think they were anything special. They actually came out room temperature and seemed over cooked. I would have rather had some bread.

Then we ordered. My boyfriend ordered the Gold Label Kobe NY and I told the waiter that I wanted the Kobe Rib Eye and then the waiter convinced me that I wanted the Kobe Rib Cap. I said that I wanted something super tender and buttery and he said definitely Rib Cap. We both ordered our steaks "medium." We also got a baked potato and the bacon creamed spinach. I asked for a wine that went well with my steak and I said I normally drink white sweet wines but i would do a red wine if he could recommend one. He didn't know anything about wine or he was being sort of condescending towards me bc I said that I never really drink red wine. I dunno. I just got a glass of riesling. 

The food came out rather quickly - maybe thats because they barely cooked our steaks!! What the hell - they both came out RARE ( we ordered medium.) And this rib cap I got - it was super chunky and chewy and bloody - just not what I wanted at all :(  My boyfriends $85 steak was a bloody massacre. The inside was just pure mush- you couldn't see any grain in the meat at all. My bacon spinach was almost too bacony- I LOVE bacon but the flavor overpowered the spinach. My boyfriend said his potato was good though and the sour cream that was served with it was delicious. 

Since I saw peoples' bday desserts from Yelp photos, I was waiting for them to bring me an ice cream or something. They didn't, so I just ordered off the dessert menu - I got the Dunking Donuts- since our meals sucked, I was relying heavily on these donuts to make up for it!! These donuts literally took about 30 minutes to bring out - this took longer than the steaks lol. They wrote happy bday and I got my candle then we ate the donuts and... they were ok but I would have rather had Dunkin donuts or krispy kreme!!! When we ordered the donuts, we asked if they had vanilla (instead of the caramel that went with it) and they did. He asked if we wanted to swap it and I said I'd rather have just one caramel and one vanilla scoop. Who knew they would charge $5 for the little tiny scoop that was smaller than a teaspoon and that we demolished in one bite. lol. 

So then we get the bill - $286.... yeah. thank goodness for the certificate we had then it came out to $236. We didn't even order appetizers!!! They charged $24 just for water. They charged $12 for the little donut things plus the freakin $5 for like the smallest scoop of vanilla ice cream I've ever had in my life. This place is a rip off. We have no problem paying $300-$500 for a fabulous dinner experience but this one was far from it. There's hundreds of better places to eat in Vegas.
Very cool place.  Unfortunately it was pretty well booked on a Friday night and we had to make a dinner reservation for 5:30.  What am I 80 looking for the early bird special?

Anyway I had the KC strip and it was VERY good.  Well seasoned and cooked perfectly.  We split the trio of potato puree's, (Horseradish, Lobster, Sour Cream).  The potato's were excellent.  I could do without the Sour Cream one though.  For vegetables they have a creamed spinach.  I'm not into creamed spinach so I asked if they could just make some sauteed spinach instead.  No problem and this was excellent as well.

Seating is a little weird though.  We were sat in an area that had small round tables up against a long couch with tons of pillows.  Not a huge deal but just a tad uncomfortable.  

Dinner was very good but it definitely wasn't cheap.  We had a $50 off coupon and that took some of the sting out of it.
I want to do 4.5 stars but I'll leave it at a 5.

30 oz. porterhouse, the temp. was rare, med. rare, med. in all different spots.  I know Porterhouses are difficult to cook evenly, though.

beef tartare--so freaking delicious, they bring it out table side so you can tell them if you want any of the ingredients left out.

the strip steak is still my favorite here. delicious.

Big group came here to celebrate my birthday, there were 10 of us I believe.  They stuck us on the cusp of the restaurant but still technically in the bar, with several round tables pushed together which I didn't care for--some seats had awkward angles to the table.  However, I think I started this bday dinner with 2 people and changed the reservation a few times working up to 10 peeps.  So, it's kind of my fault we got stuck w/ a crappy table.
Went for happy hour, and then had dinner later.  Happy hour steak sandwhiches were very disappointing for a steakhouse, margaritas were weak poorly made.  Dinner was average, steaks come out one level rarer then they are ordered, but it was okay because the waiter explained this to us.  I can see how that would be annoying if we weren't told, especially when you paying 50-90 bucks for a steak.  Steak was good sides were average, steak tar-tare was the best thing we had that night.  Duck fat fries were good but came out cold and had a ton of salt on them. Nice wine list just be ready to pay up for it.  Would have given this place three stars but at the end of the day the happy hour knocked it down to two. 

Aureole right across from STRIPSTEAK is a far better dinner choice for the money, try the sea scallops entree.
This is definitely a place that deserves an extra half star... 3.5. 

FOOD: Steak - had the 18oz Bone In Rib Eye... but it was fatty (not marbled) and I've definitely was disappointed by the cut.  It deserved 2 stars.  Wife had the Diver's Scallops... These were awesome. 4+ stars when it came to flavor, portion size, etc. The sides were yummy too. Mushrooms and trio of potato purees... OMG.. The horseradish potatoes were amazing... so were the sour cream was. The Lobster one was a little "fishy" to me... Overall, because of the steak, the food was a 3. 

SERVICE: Good, solid and attentive... made sure my water was always filled and service was quick. 4. 

Overall, I thought that this place was decent. But for a steak place, I just expected more.
First off, for those that are confused - the Steaks at this restaurant do not actually strip, nor is this a strip club although there are several poles in the area which some guests seem to enjoy climbing onto.

Anyway, when you enter this palace, you're initially greeted by a waiter who while nice, has just enough condescension, and general annoyance at your hopefully great (and perhaps alcoholically induced) mood, to let it show. That's the first mistake. These guys are not fun. They're here to give you their song and dance on their Steak and other assorted bits and pieces. You better pay attention.

And so they do..."First, we spank the Cow for 30 days, until she is good and angry, and then we marinate her in a garlic olive oil arugula salad, while poking her with a pitch fork in a tub of fat-reduced sherry chutney, on top of a mound of butter farmed by orphans in Canada"...ok, not exactly but that's what it sounded like to me. It's actually hard not to laugh at how serious they take their ridiculous and unnecessary explanation. And I think that I did. And that made our guy a little upset. Just something not quite elegant about all these little details. 

And then you see "Lobster Fritters" on the menu and you come full circle with the classless mess that is Stripsteak, where my fondest hope was that the Cow would indeed disrobe at the end of the story.

The Lobster Fritters (I personally did NOT order them) were ok. Kind of tasted like from frozen, but better quality than Weight Watchers. They come with Creme Fraiche so if you're looking to die of heart disease before your 30 lbs of red meat, this is the appetizer to get.

Oysters were also just ok. Not fishy but just not great. And for 15-20 bucks, they should have been. Great, that is. They also only carry Kumamoto I believe, or some other mini Japanesey thing. Dude, Steakhouse - we need man Oysters here. Save these for your fake Sushi bar in the center of the hotel. (and they need it)

Steaks do NOT come with condiments, so for a 50-60 dollar steak, assume another 20-30 bucks in potatoes and/or veggies. I had the scalloped something or other which was all in all - gross.

The Steak (Rib) itself was good. Was it 60 dollars good? No. But one of the better things to eat at Mandalay and that's not saying much.

They also keep trying to push their stupid fake Kobe beef on you. Man - it's not KOBE. Kobe beef is made under stringent and incredible conditions in Japan and Americans won't let it in the country, as I hear. This is American FOBE. So don't get sucked in. The cow did not drink any beer before getting massaged, and tattooed like they do in Tokyo. 

The other thing we noticed is that its the busboys, both here and at China Grill, that do the place justice from a service perspective. Our busboy (busman really) - Victor, was awesome, fun, polite, respectful and free of that ever present Vegas-condescending, elitist attitude that is spread around the hotel, and inhaled by most staff members.

If you need to have Steak at Mandalay, go here if you don't want to walk for 4 minutes to Charlie Palmer at the adjoining 4 Seasons. Otherwise, walk on by
So either I'm crazy, I had an unusually bad experience, or I've just eaten at some really good steak houses and this one does not compare to those AT ALL.

Here's my story:  made a reservation, got a great seat by the window so we could people watch, table was ready when we got there [good], and then everything went wrong from here.

Took a friend of mine here from San Diego, I live close to Mandalay Bay, & I had a $50 Restaurant.com certificate, so it was a logical choice. My only downfall was I took her to Panevineo the night before so the dining experiences were extremely different.

They don't serve bread to start, but rather french fries. Interesting. Making America fatter, I dig it!  I have never seen this before, I'd rather eat these with my meal then prior, but whatever. Fries were great! I mean they weren't McDonald's fries but they were dang tasty.

Ordered 2 cocktails, one with a splash of cranberry [that never happened], limes in the cocktails were actually quite gross. They looked old and discolored they had been cut days prior and when we got brave enough to squeeze them into our drinks like 2 drops of juice came out.

We ordered a stripsteak, lamb chops, and brussel sprouts [see pix].  Lamp chops came out extremely under done since my friend is Greek and ordered them well done, her mom likes to over cook lamb and that's how she's used to eating it.  She put some brussel sprouts on her plate and then we proceeded to hunt for our waitress so we could get the problem rectified.  Friend starts  eating the side dish on her plate, flag down a bus boy, who tells another waiter, waiter comes and removes her plate from in front of her--doesn't even offer to get her a side plate so she can continue to nibble, but says they'll bring out more sprouts. 

Now she has no food, no bread, so she's staring at me. Naturally, I offer some of my meal to her she starts eating some of my steak [fine].  About 10 mins later lamb comes back ready to be eaten.....no sprouts???? About 10 mins after that round 2 of sprouts appear.  OK so their preparation is interesting on this as well, they shave the sprouts so they remind you of cole slaw????  Add bacon and then drowned them in butter. Like there is a pool of butter on the bottom of the dish. Not my favorite. My strip steak was ok, but it needed chimichurri.  There wasn't really a selection of sauces you could put on your steak much like you would see at STK or other fine places in this city.  Menu was rather limited and lacked depth to me.

No apologies for food, etc [fine] .  Bill finally comes, we've been here now for like an hour and a half, give them the restaurant.com certificate, and now the waitress has to find the manager to take it off.  ANOTHER 10 mins goes by, finally get the bill back, and thankfully we checked b/c they took the certificate off but then added 18% gratuity. OK. Our waitress was not worth 18%, I can guarantee you that, but fine.   What I didn't like was that she didn't mention that the tip was on there, which I HATE.  She was sat with a 10 to 15 top in the back, and 3 tables of 4.  THEN another table sat down of 6 men. They got the menu, waited a bit, no-one came to help them, they got up and LEFT--and I don't blame them.

So that was my story and my morale is: pick another steakhouse :) there's some really good ones in town.
A big group of us went for dinner the other night, and we essentially got a tasting menu of sorts.  There were a few things that were only okay, but on the whole, everything was really really good. And yes, they do a trio of french fries to start.  I've noticed Michael Mina loves doing things in threes, and this place is no different.

Duck Spring Rolls - tasty, but nothing to knock your socks off.
Kobe Filet Tartare - very tender, very good. Some of the best tartare I've had
Ahi Tuna and Hamachi Poppers - loved these.  Just little circles of crispy rice with a little bit of fish on top with some vinegar/soy sauce concoction 

I hope I'm attributing the reviews to the right meats, but was rather drunk by this point, so here goes:
Filet Mignon - very tender and flavorful, but maybe even a little over seasoned. 
Ribeye - Amazing.  Tender, flavorful, and not gussied up by a lot of seasoning.  
Strip - good, but definitely liked the other two better.  

For the sides, we had the Broccolini, Spinach, Mac & Cheese, and Potato Puree Trio.  All of them were good, but I especially liked the mac & cheese and horseradish potato.  

All in all, it came out to about $150 per person (including tip) with a bunch of wine. So yes, it is pretty expensive, but it definitely is some very good food.
Atmosphere...Nice, Steak...fair, Service...not good (slow to non-existant).  Have had better for the price.  FYI...Take your own bottle of wine and pay the corking fee...crazy expensive for average bottles (unless you are looking for the rare/$$$$ bottle)
I really wanted to love this place. We stayed at THEhotel and I had a restaurant.com certificate for $50 off so I just had to try it. We didn't have reservations so sat at the bar to avoid a wait for a table and this may have been a mistake.

The duck fat fries are very very good and the fact that they are complementary makes them even better! I just wish they would have been hot or warmer.

We ordered the following:

chicken with truffle mac n cheese
filet

The chicken with truffle mac n cheese was so good, I loved the mac n cheese! Would highly recommend this dish.

Now the reason for the 3 stars - the filet, it was cold and under seasoned. We've tried many different steakhouses and I don't think our standards are too high (we even love the steak at applebees!) but this was definitely not a $56 piece of meat. The quality was good but the way it was cook, was not. This is a steakhouse so the expectations for a good steak were a little higher.

If you are going here, definitely get the restaurant.com certificate and save yourself some $$$
Not that this place was bad in any way, it was just very ordinary. The service was ordinary (we had a large group), the steak tasted as an aged steak should taste, the sides all had nice flavor. I just feel like there are lot of these steakhouses out there. Where is the risk? Where is that special thing that sets this place apart? If I'm going to go all the way out to Vegas for a steak, with all the options that are out there, all the huge names that opened a location to be part of the Vegas culinary experince I would want more than I got at Stripsteak.
Two and a half years and another dozen visits since my initial review, StripSteak remains one of the top new American steakhouses in Vegas.

For starters, do not pass up the foie sliders.  This signature dish is topped with a tangy pineapple chutney and sweet onion jus that perfectly balance the richness of the foie.  Incredible.  The Kobe beef carpaccio, finished with south east Asian flavors is delicious.  Different from most, the coconut and Thai chili focuses the flavor of the raw beef and brings out its natural sweetness.  The duck confit spring rolls and Maine lobster fritters are also worth a try.

Sadly, A5 grades of beef are no longer offered.  The most flavorful of their current steaks is the American Kobe rib cap.  Sublime beef flavor.  Heady umame from the wood burning grill.  Great texture.  Add a side of roasted marrow bones and you're in beef heaven.   (I promise I don't eat liver with fava beans and a nice Chianti). 

Non-beef mains?  Who knows.  You don't go to a steakhouse to eat chicken or fish.

Desert?  No room.

The wine list is outstanding, with a lot of gems from around the world.  Vegas resort pricing except for more expensive bottles where the markup is low.  

Very Important:  The typical guest at this hip steakhouse has a lot of, how to put it,  disposable income.  The sommeliers try not to insult guest by asking how much they want to spend but rather make recommendations based on the caliber of the first bottle selected.  Save yourself the grief, Speak clearly and tell them what you want to spend.  Its not fun to be presented with an unexpected four figure wine tab.

Service remains excellent.

Highly Recommended
Got the Ahi & Hamachi poppers, duck spring rolls, wedge salad, Kansas City Strip, and beignets with creme brule.  All of the food was decent but the ambiance just wasn't there with too many waiters running around our table.
Well when Im in Vegas I always try to fulfill my dream of trying all the best ribeye steak in America! I had heard about this place and it was on the restaurant week list. I decided to try the 18oz bone in  ribeye and my girlfriend had the 8 oz filet mignon (the special) it started with flavored duck fat french fries and several dipping sauces (instead of bread), which i was a big fan. fries do tend to harden up pretty fast, so they did tend to get a bit rubbery as the night went on. We then shared a wedge salad with blue cheese and bacon....very good and classic starter.  The steaks came out... mine ala cart and hers with a few sides ( the special) They were both cooked on the flaming grill which could be viewed from the dining room. the sides of truffled mac and cheese , the brussel sprouts with bacon and the spinach with..... you guessed it  .... bacon!!  were all good. Really though how can you go wrong with adding bacon??? the wait staff were very nice, and our waiter even gave us a few samples of wine to try before we made our decision ( I like that) 
  On to the highlight!  My steak was a little more fatty than marbled, a little undercooked (which they fixed) and a little smaller than other 18oz ribeyes I have had ( the aging ??) anyway I could have had a bad piece as the filet was very tender and flavorful ( this was a great restaurant week deal) and the special even came with a mini creme brulee and 2 beignets. I must say that this is a 3/12 star place but I cant do that!  BTW we did stop by the first night for Happy Hour and I did have the Prime Rib sliders 2 for $10.00   they were excellent!  These sliders made me think of 4 stars rather than 3!!
This was by far the best steak dinner I have ever had.  And the truffle sauce with the fries just makes my mouth water and want more!  I can't wait to go back!
My Mother-In-Law & I chose StripSteak for dinner one evening during our stay at Mandalay Bay. First of all, every restaurant in a hotel in Las Vegas is over priced, as expected. We decided we would have our splurge night here. Anyways...

We were able to be seated without a reservation, about 6:30. We ordered two glasses of Pinot Noir at $15 a piece. Our server told us we would be receiving a complimentary appetizer that evening. The appetizer were duck fat cooked french fries, done three ways. The fries were amazing, each seperately dished, seasoned and they each came with their own dipping sauce. Really tasty. Due to the pricing, my mother in law and I decided to share one of the larger steaks and order two seperate sides. I believe we ordered the 16 oz Kansas City Strip. $50+ for the one steak, a la carte. The steak was cooked to order, medium rare.

Now, on to why I am rating three stars. I LOVE steak, cooked many different ways. The steak had a nice charred crust, which I love. But, it tasted like charred, burnt butter, which delivered a very unpleasant, bitter, chary taste which I was not expecting with a steak of this caliber. It was seriously unpleasant and I having to try hard to eat it all. 

Otherwise, we ordered the brussel sprouts which were AMAZING in their bacony, vinegary goodness. We also ordered baked Artichoke with goat cheese, which were also amazing, but personally, I would have ordered double brussel sprouts. 

Onto desert, I cannot personally recall the name of the dish, but I know it came with cocoa nib ice cream which was heavenly. 

Our service was excellent, and we had a very pleasureable dining experience. It can get a little loud, but the ambiance is excellent. 

So 3 stars due to the over excessive pricing and the charred taste of the steaks. Otherwise, it was great!
NOTE:  This review is specifically for their happy hour.

Stripsteak is located in the restaurant wing/section of Mandalay Bay, and offers happy hour daily from 400-600pm.  Seating is first come first serve at the bar and lounge area in the front section of the restaurant.  Although the food offerings/specials for happy hour are few in number, all doubts will be cast away as soon as you get a whiff and taste of the food.

The bar and lounge food menu consists of a mere 5 items, and my friend and I decided on 3:

1)  Prime Rib Sliders, $10; au jus with brioche bun
2)  Meatballs, $8; with heirloom tomato sauce and aged jack cheese
3)  Duck Spring Roll, $9; hot and sour cherry sauce

We ordered 1 item that was not listed on the menu, and that was the the trio of duck fat fries with herb, truffle, and bbq dipping sauces..

As far as drinks, select beers are $3, well drinks $6, and an assortment of "featured cocktails" are $6 as well.

Aside from the duck fat fries, our other favorite dish of the evening were the meatballs, as we thought the combination of the sauce and aged jack cheese certainly made a flavorful combination.  The prime rib sliders can be slightly on the messy side so make sure to have ample napkins available.  The spring rolls were delicious, but not as wonderful as the duck fat fries.  Truth be told, my friend and I ordered and devoured 2 orders of duck fat fries that night.....that dish is a winner!

SERVICE:  Excellent and outstanding.  The 2 female servers were very polite, patient, and always checked on us in a timely manner.

Bottom Line:  One of the happiest hours I've been to =)  I'll definitely be back on future trips to Vegas.
Damn good food.  This place is noticeably better than the Palm.  You can't go wrong with anything you order.
Expensive, but you get what you pay for.  


I had the rib-eye and my girlfriend had the salmon.  Both were outstanding.  

We don't eat at restaurants of this caliber too often (aka once a year), so I don't have a lot to compare it to; however, we walked away with a $150 bill and did not feel like we paid too much.  

Also, despite our young and slightly under-dressed appearance our server provided us with top notch service.
If you ever wanted the best steak, here is a place to get it. 

I had the Kobe Rib Cap and it was like having a dessert steak. It wants tender, well-marbeled and full of flavor. Hubby and I shared sides of the potato purée trio, onion rings, and broccolini. The sides were huge and probably enough for another couple but did not disappoint in how they paired with our steaks.

Our server was great with personality and wine selection advice. A very nice experience!  I can still taste the butter my steak was poached in. Mmmmmmmm.....
My husband and I went here for Valentine's this year, and had an absolutely fantastic time. We started with tasty drinks at the bar, and then moved on to a great meal. To begin our meal, the chef served complimentary duck fat fries with truffle sauce that were to die for. We both had Kansas City strips, and they were cooked to perfection. We also shared two sides: truffled mac & cheese and scalloped potatoes. The truffle mac & cheese was incredible, and the potatoes were also very good. For just over $200, we enjoyed a great dinner, great service, and relaxing atmosphere.
MARROW.... MARROW.... MARROW....

Enjoyed an incredible bone in steak (it was a limited time cut that was featured for a limited time) with a side of duck fat fries and macaroni. All of it was delicious, yet ALL PAIL IN COMPARISON to the marrow marrow marrow! 

Described by a friend as "Buttery-butter," smear and/or shmear the stuff over the accompanied toast or whatever your heart desires. If you're feeling crazy, coat it over your steak.  

Worth every penny (stay at THE HOTEL and save a few bucks).
This place is DELICIOUS !!!!!!
They give you complimentary Duck Fat Fries to try and they are delicious. 
I had the Fillet Mignon Steak with a side of their Macaroni and truffle cheese.
The steak is sooo tender !!!
The taste compliments each other in an amazing way.
This is the 2nd time I visit Vegas from NY and Both times this place has been great !
The service is great also, very polite and always attentive to your table !!!!!
Awesome Food with Great Customer Service!!!!!!
Went to the restaurant on April 10 with friends.  I have eaten at many fine steak houses all over the country (Peter Lugers, Mastros, Burns, etc.) and I can say without reservation that everything was great at this restaurant (side dishes, appetizers, wine) except the STEAK.  I had the $52 bone-in ribeye and it was an outback steakhouse equivalent at best (and I may be offending Outback).  It took a long time to receive and was barely warm when it got to the table.  We had to send two steaks back to be reheated.  It was 30% fat, thin, and just not good.  I rarely leave negative feedback but just had to relate our terrible, terrible experience.  Consider carefully before wasting your money.
I hate writing negative reviews, but this place truly is a glorified Outback Steakhouse.

My boyfriend and I ordered the Wagyu Filet and it tasted like a regular filet from Outback! Even now, my boyfriend swears they gave us a regular filet instead of the Wagyu...he could be right!

We spent over $400 on dinner, including wine, dessert and an appetizer. However, it was not satisfying. We easily spend hundreds of dollars on meals because of the experience we're getting, but this was truly not worth it. 

The bone marrow was good, but I just couldn't stomach eating a $72 filet that tasted mediocre at best. The highlight of our meal was the duck fat fries with white truffle oil infused dipping sauce, the wonderful piece of cauliflower that accompanied my phony filet and the Darjeeling tea (this was outstanding).

I think we'll be trying Jean Georges steak house at the Aria next time. Apparently the Wagyu beef is phenomenal there...and legit!
Awesome duck fat fries!! Great service and wonderful food and drinks! Pork shank and scallops were both great.  My husband ordered a side of bone morrow and he said it was stellar. We will be back!
What a place! GREAT food. Steak, steak and more steak....This was the cap on a very cool trip...Mandalay Bay, Janet Air, training, Stripsteak. Can't wait to return!!!
My wife and I ate here last night.  Other than her salmon being slightly overcooked and the steep cost, we did have a good experience.  I had the bone in rib eye and it was extremely tender.  The duck fries are outstanding and the trio of mashed potatoes were outstanding.  Waiter was pleasant and service was fine.
Best steak hands down. Excellent atmosphere... Waitress () was very nice. Bathrooms are totally cool.  Wagyu steak rib eye and rib cap were perfectly cooked and tasted delicious. Also ordered the Mac n cheese and mushrooms which were both surprisingly delicious. The chef made us three different types of fries: garlic, duck fat and regular. With three types of sauce. Totally worth it!!! I will definitely visit here again...
If you like steak or steakhouses, this place is a MUST try!!!  There are so many appealing reasons to go that you have no excuses the next time you're in Vegas.  Can you get a discount?  Yup! Restaurant.com has $50 off certificates you can buy for about $4. Is it highly rated?  Yup!  Esquire Magazine has it listed as one of the top 10 steakhouses in the US!  Easy to make reservations? Opentable.com easy.  Is it modern and trendy?  Duck fat fries!!!!

We ordered:
Duck fat fries (complimentary)
Foie gras sliders $22
Potato puree trio $14
Creamed spinach with bacon sauce $10
and we both ordered the Ribeye in bone $52 each

Surprisingly, the duck fat fries came free instead of bread, and they were awesome.  It came with 3 sauces, truffle, ketchup, and ranch.  They were very crispy and you could totally taste the duck goodness in every bite, especially as an aftertaste.  I had been meaning to try duck fat fries in LA and they have a place on Western in KTown, but haven't tried them yet so this was an unexpected treat.  

The sliders were delicious, though only about 2.5 bites each.  The steaks came out and you could really taste the quality beefiness with the first mouth watering bite.  Very tender, flavorful and perfectly seasoned, bite after bite was lip smacking good.  I love mashed potatoes and the puree trio did not disappoint. They came in 3 blends: wasabi, lobster, and sour cream and chives.  Of the 3, I really liked lobster the best and though it didn't have any chunks of lobster the flavor was there and really well infused.  The other 2 were delicious though and if I had some bread to wipe up the remainder I most definitely would have.  The creamed spinach was awesome too, though pretty pricy for $10 with the amount they give.  Not a big deal.

We were also given $50 credit from Mandalay Bay because we were staying there and it was part of our package.  The restaurant is located in the casino so we actually got $100 off with the restaurant.com gift certificate.  You can't beat that!  One of the best steak dinners I've had and literally half off.  Beat that suckas!!
Steak was cooked perfectly, had the filet...duck fat fries were great as was the mack/cheese with truffle oil
My favorite steakhouse in Vegas.   Steaks have a slight hint of smokey flavor that makes them unique from most high end steakhouses.   Awesome duck fat fries and tremendous service.
Loved the porterhouse! Excellent wines.
During a recent trip to Vegas with three of my favorite "meat and potatoe" guys, I knew we had to eat at this highly acclaimed Michael Mina restaurant.  What an experience!  I am not a vegetarian but I don't eat steak very often.  This night I opted for the rib eye.  BEST STEAK ever!  I could only eat about 1/4 of it but every bite was amazing.  Two of my fellas got the same but my Son got the wagyu cut (this has replaced Kobe).  I was a little put off by the texture and appearance of this steak and did not try it.  My Son said the flavor was amazing and that he was glad he tried it but would probably never order it again because of the texture.  It was soft and gelatinous which was very unappealing to all of us.  We were pleasantly surprised with a complimentary amuse bouche of the duck-fat fries with dipping sauces.  There were plenty for all four of us.  There were three different types of fries and they were all unique and delicious; however, one of them was a little too salty for my palate.  The men thoroughly enjoyed them.  We ordered several of the sides with the stand-out being the truffle and macaroni and cheese.  The cocktail and beer selection was amazing as well.  It was a wonderful dining experience.   The server was knowledgeable and attentive.  She surprised us with complimentary "kibble" (out of this world, delicious, chocolate-covered gourmet popcorn) when she delivered our bill.  I ate one of the bags before we even left the restaurant.  ADDICTIVE!!  Be prepared to dig deep into your wallet though because this place is not inexpensive.  We felt it was worth every penny but this restaurant is not for someone on a budget.
We went here because we had a restaurant.com coupon, and we were feeling a little fancy.  I really liked the look and feel of the restaurant, but I wasn't a fan of how they seated us (just 2 of us).  The tables were pretty close where we were sitting, and I felt the table was awkwardly long.  I wasn't too concerned about this part too.

We started out with complimentary Duck Fat Fries that came with 3 different sauces.  They came out a little cold, but for being free they were enjoyable.  I'm not sure I would order them off the menu, unless they came out piping hot.  (I like my fried foods as hot as they can get).

My fiance ordered the filet mignon, and I ordered the rib-eye.  They butter poach their steaks, which makes them juicy and delicious!  I enjoyed my rib-eye, but the filet mignon was superior by far.  We ordered wine with dinner, but I can't remember what we ordered.  

As far as sides, we ordered the creamed bacon spinach and potato puree 3 ways (one was with lobster, one with horseradish, and one was cheesy i think?).  The lobster mashed potatoes WERE SOOOO GOOD.  They were amazing.  I liked the bite of the horseradish ones, and the cheesy ones were also very good.  The creamed bacon spinach had a liquid smoke flavor, which I was indifferent about.  It was good, but I think I would try something else next time.  I'm just not a huge fan of artificial smoke flavor.  

Fiance ordered a cappuccino for dessert.  It was above average, good for a steak house.  

All in all, I would definitely like to come here again, but I'll be trying out other steak places before my return.  I would definitely get the lobster potatoes again, and the filet mignon.
My husband took me here for my birthday and I loved it. When i got there, they had a handmade birthday card ready for me thought that was sweet. The waitress was very polite and did a great job. We got these complimentary "Duck Fat Fries" with 3 dipping sauces and Oh my Yummy goodness!!! I still crave them every so often, they were that good. The food was very good as well and large portions. we got a porterhouse steak with two sides and it was enough to fill us up. The only downside is dinner was a bit expensive but well worth it. I highly recommend you try this restaurant.
Love Stripsteak.  Everything that they had there was absolutely incredible.  I had the best steak I have ever had in my life there.  So good.
This was the best meal from start to finish I have had in Las Vegas in 20+ years. We started with the Ahi and Hamachi appetizer and of course the complimentary Duck fat fries, AMAZING! We then had a dinner salad that we split, perfect size. We ordered the Kansas City Strip split with asparagus and the truffled mac & cheese. The service was impeccable and was the perfect match to go along with this dining experience. I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone who loves a great steak. Michael Mina is simply the BEST!!
Incredible experience from beginning to end!!!! Sat at the bar waiting on my lady to arrive and was warm welcomed and exceptionally serviced.  We had 8:30 reservations and were a little late. The management and host staff made sure that we were taken care of and sat promptly once the rest of my party arrived. 

Once sat, the exceptional service from our waitress topped many dining experiences we have had here in Vegas (I am a local, and work in the industry). I had the Rib-eye charred med-r (restaurant lingo) and the wife had the scallop dish.  She loved the scallops, and my Rib-eye was perfect! The ambiance blew me away, the food was really good, and the service was top-notch!!! I will def. be back and recommend this place to anyone looking for a great Vegas experience.
Amazing steaks...well executed menu...great server...nice greeting...nice "thank you" on the way out...great cocktails.  Our family comes here everytime we are in Vegas...and they never disappoint so far.
My favorite steakhouse. The duck fat fries are a nice touch to start out your meal. The wagyu fillet had beautiful marbling and nice diamond cross hatch. Medium rare of course.  The bone marrow was creamy and I loved the simple searing of the fois gras to accompany the carne. Not a huge fan of the fois gras trend of sweet and savory like the french toast approach, so I was happily game. The potatoes puréed three ways was a great hearty top off to the meal. Counting the days till return.
5 stars and 2 prehensile thumbs way, way up.

The best steak I have ever had. The most expensive steak I have ever had, but still the absolutelypositivelyincredibly best. In fact, itr was so good, I went back 2 nights later.....and it was still the best steak I have ever had.

Enough of the superlatives. Let's get down to business. (Business? Whussupwidat? It's steak. Exactly - the business of enjoying a great steak is part of the fun.)

In Vegas for a conference, staying at the Mandalay Bay. 

Found Strip Steak.

Decided to give it a try. 

Sat at the bar.

Enjoyed a cold Ciroc martini.

Had the bartender uncork a bottle of Cain Five.

Ordered the Kobe beef rib cap.

.....so the story goes....back in Vegas later this month..........I know where I'm going.......and it ain't Disneyland.
we made a reervation and still had to wait an hour, This place sucks. The chicken was dry and had barely any jus on it. The steaks sucked and everything was very bland and not flavorful. Service sucked too. I recommend stk or boa. This place should shut down. Way over rated.
Very disappointing.  Ordered a vegetarian entree, my husband eats steak I don't and all it was was a slice of romaine lettuce that was literally thrown on the grill, a runny hummus that didn't even stick on the spoon, burnt pita bread, a tablespoon (literally) of Mac n cheese and some asparagus. The nerve of them to charge $30 for this. The mgr came over and asked what was wrong and i told him that the vegetarian entree prepared by the chef was disappointing to say the least and i showed him the hummus. He seemed shocked saying how people ask for the recipe of the hummus all the time. Not a very good response to someone who was clearly not happy with what was supposed to be an entree. It looked like the chef just threw together whatever he had laying around and called it an entree. Even more Strange since no where on the menu can you even order hummus so how would anyone even know that they make it to ask for the recipe? The appetizer we ordered originally was artichokes in a cream sauce but when it arrived it was nothing more than a greasy sloppy mess of a "soup" swimming in butter so we sent it back. Didn't even bother to tell the mgr about that one because i really didn't want to hear how that recipe is often requested as well. It was horrid. My husband had a steak and it was just ok. Nothing special about this place at all and in my opinion it's just another overpriced restaurant in a strip hotel. Ive been to much better ones at other hotels. Craftsteak at the mgm for example was much better as was delmonicos in the venetian just to name a few.Also careful when ordering steak as they seem to have their own grading scale on med med well and well done with about six variations. We saw a table right next to ours send their steaks back three times, each time it came out it went right back. Not a place I would care to revisit anytime soon sorry.
I have been here four times....it is far and away THE best steak place in Vegas.  The duck fat fries they bring out should be illegal because they are so damn good.  They give you three different dipping sauces as well.  Service has always been great.  I usually go to Vegas at least once a year and for 5-6 nights....We always try a different steak place but always come back here.  I look forward to coming back and eating again.
-Excellent service and complimentary fries.
Wait staff came by regularly and were friendly.  The complimentary fries were quite tasty and interesting to try as there were three different flavored fries.

-The food was good, but nothing spectacular and not worth the expensive price. But then again, many restaurants in Vegas are expensive.
Overpriced rib-eye tasted like any average chain restaurant (maybe it is because I grew up in the bay area that we just have higher quality restaurants).
        
-Decor seemed jumbled and possibly outdated.
The lighting and see-through dry marinate station make this place seem like the type of classy or pretentious restaurants. But the televisions and generic steak house seats seem like they were trying to also create the classic steak house.  These clash with each other and does not have a coherent ambiance to the restaurant.
One of the best steaks I've had in a long, long time.  Cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Service was a bit slow, but our poor waitress was tending at least a dozen tables.  She was good but one person can only do so much.  At least I'm sure she made a lot of money that night.

I will definitely be back next time I'm at Mandalay.
We stopped in for quick appetizers and this place was awesome!
I can't say anything about the steak but the appetizers we had were soooo good. 
The lobster fritters were so delicious. 
Good environment, great service!
I have been fortunate enough to dine at this restaurant twice, once last year and most recently this past weekend. On both occasions my dining experience was excellent. On my first visit I had a full three-course meal that ranks as one of my best dining experiences ever. 

My most recent meal was simpler (entree, side dish and coffee) but was still outstanding. I ordered the 12 oz. skirt steak with a side of scalloped potatoes with bleu cheese. Both portions were beautifully prepared and absolutely delicious. The scalloped potatoes in particular are unbelievably rich but also completely heavenly. Special mention should also go to the free sampler of french fries (herb, truffle, and peanut) and dipping sauces that I received while waiting for my main course. My server was very friendly and professional as were the host staff. 

All in all, this is an excellent high-end steakhouse that more than justifies it's hefty price-level. Recommended!
THE best restaurant I ate at in Vegas. Located in Mandalay Bay. Awesome food amazing staff and deserts to die for. YUMI!
If you're rockin your shorts, flippy floppies and your Iron Maiden t-shirt, this may not be the place for you.  This is a fine dining experience which means fancy shmancy and a grip o' cash.  So if you're up for that AND you have a few dollah bills left from your rainmaker performance at da club, then you should definitely check this place out.  Great wines, food, service, hell even the coffee was very good.  Just a great overall experience if you're willing to pay for it.
Went here again with a restaurant.com coupon, since we were staying at this hotel. My wife and I both the 8 oz. Wagyu beef ribeye this time. Mine was a bit overcooked but not too badly.. my wife's was done perfectly and it really made a difference. 
I was more excited about the bleu cheese scalloped potatoes and the duck spring rolls. 

I'm sticking with 3 stars, but I think my wife would of given at least one more.
We came back to Stripsteak after enjoying it the previous time and found that the experience did not duplicate itself. This visit was the worst experience I have ever had at a Steakhouse. The hostess was rude and inattentive, we had a reservation for when they opened and they sat all the waiting families and wouldnt seat us! I had to go up and ask to be seated again. The waitress was okay but not very attentive to our table.

The fries were good of course, as was the salad and the soup, but then the main reason you go to a steakhouse, the steak, was awful! I cannot stress this enough, my ribeye steak was no better than a $10 steak I could buy at Wal-Mart, actually it might not have even been that good. Well over half the steak was inedible, it came out cold, as did all of our sides. I would have sent the steak back but I couldnt get the waitresses attention to come check on how the steak was. For what you are paying this place was not even close to worth it. Just plain awful experience. We will never go there again.
Easy and quick review.

Trio of Duck Fat Fries.

End cut Prime Ribeye.

Passion  Fruit Brulee (with actual passion fruit pieces IN the Brulee... It was like fruit cocktail for adults!)


If you need more explanation that this, then you really don't deserve to eat here.
Two days in a row!  Damn good steak.  I had to tap into my son's college fund.
As Borat once said, "wow wow wee wow!!!" ... I had a great experience here!

Is it wrong that I ordered a second serving of the duck fat fries?  I couldn't help myself.

So from a recommendation from My T, I ordered the Wagyu Rib Cap... it is a slightly different cut from the Wagyu Rib Eye, and just $3 more.  According to our server, it is a special cut from the top of the ribs, and slightly more flavorful than the rib eye.  Honestly, I bet they are both delicious.  My medium rib cap came out, it was tender as all tenderness can be.  I had to resist eating it within 10 seconds.  Our sides were the trio of mashed potato (Horseradish, Sour cream and onion, and lobster).  I may have an eating disorder because I was dipping my duck fat fries and using the mashed potatoes as a dipping sauce.

Great meal, our server was very informative.  The restaurant is really nice and not loud like some of the steakhouses can be in Vegas (sometimes you feel like you're at a nightclub!)  There is a great picture spot where they have all the olive oil in jars along the wall).  I'm not sure how an animal activist will handle this place because there are glass windows with the Wagyu beef hanging.  I'm not sure if that would be the design of my choice personally, but the food will steal the show once it is cooked and in front of you, I promise.
Omg wow the tuna tartare appetizer is the BOMB (ahi and hamachi poppers). The ponzu sauce is PERFECT with it, too. I could have eaten 3 dishes.

Mashed potato trio: BIG portions!!! Wasabi: not too spicy. Lobster: delicate and sweet. Sour cream and chive: like a pureed mashed potato

Duck fat fries: not bad. All three were different enough, and all three were good. I liked the two white dipping sauces that came with them, too.

Nice and thoughtful (and free!) congratulations ice cream for the bride to be in our group, and a couple portions of caramel corn to top it off! This was a seriously great experience.

There were 11 of us, and the waiter apologized twice for the long wait, but there really wasn't a long wait for our food at all. Nothing I would have ever complained about. I thought it was odd he was apologizing because I just thought it was a normal wait. They need to turn down the AC though! It was super cold =(
Michael Mina is a deity among men. A friend and I came here for dinner and sat at the bar. Normally this area of a restaurant does not provide the most stellar of service but our bartender, Chris, was on point. He often checked up on us and made sure to glance over once in a while as well. 

We started off with the wagyu steak tartar. The fat ratio coated our mouths and when paired with the Ermitage M. Chapoutier 1997 it was heaven. Although I was getting full by this stage we continued with their New York Strip, bleu cheese scalloped potatoes, and the creamed corn. I am glad we split because I would have gone into a coma. The steak was melt in your mouth tender. Cooked to a medium and I was not ready to throw in the towel. 

By the time dessert rolled around, I was about to die. The chocolate cake with spiced cherries was decent. It was a concentrated brick of decadence. I am not always a chocolate person, which made this too much for me. The strawberry pavlova was the highlight for me. The chef takes a classic dish normally eaten in Australia and New Zealand and puts his spin on it. I have tried this dessert a few times while traveling abroad and never liked it. It tends to be too sweet. Stripsteak's version was a more mellow presentation. Before presentation a strawberry jus is poured over the fresh fruit. The combination of that with the basil ice cream is magnificent. We had also got the beignets with a McCallan 18 caramel which I didn't care for. Liked that the taste of the scotch was preserved well, but the pastry was too dense.
Just came back from a bachelor party for my buddy in Las Vegas, and this is about the only part of it I can talk about! 

The group of us came here for our "upscale" meal the first night, and it was about everything I hoped it would be! Upon being seated, we were provided with a platter of 3 different kinds of fries with 3 different types of dips complimentary! I don't recall what each different kind of fries and dips (well, one was kethcup lol), but they all tasted great and got the meal started off right. 

For dinner, I decided to have the 10 oz Filet Mignon, along with a side of their charred asparagus. I must say, the Filet was incredible! A perfectly cooked medium, the meat melted in my mouth like butter, and had a nice seasoning crust on it as well. 10 oz might not sound like much, but it was more than filling, and the asparagus was great as well. 

Probably my only complaint, for such an expensive restaurant, the ambiance could have been a little more "eye-catching', but the food was definitely up to par. All in all, a perfect, "man's" meal to kick off our bachelor party weekend (though definitely a pricey one)!
Loved it!!! Amuse Fries were served as soon as we got our drinks they were delish - three different kinds, one being done with truffle oil - AMAZING!!! My hubby and I enjoyed their lobster fritters and duck sliders too. For the main course you will be super happy if you go with one of their steak options - my hubby had wagyu ribcap and said it was a true perfection. I was absolutely happy with my loup de mer which you cannot get fresh in a lot of places. Service was also excellent!!!
The duck fat fries w/dipping sauces were great. The drinks were delicious. The Mac and Cheese was good, but honestly the steaks weren't all that. Maybe it's just me because my husband is an excellent cook, but I thought his steaks were better than the one I had here. It was good, don't get me wrong, but I would much rather go to Gordon Ramsay's Steak.
it was the best steak i have ever eaten......worth the calories and the $$.  atmosphere very busy, not a romantic place, but the food!!! the food!  wow!
first time for my wife and i.
the place looks very classy and feels that way with attention to details by all staff

i loved the meat fridge where you see all the aged steaks

we also loved the complimentary fries they send over with 3 dipping sauces that i guess replaces traditonal bread and were very tasty.

i had a 16 once kansas city steak which was perfectly cooked (rare of course), bone in and was very tasty. we wanted to try the special sauces that come with the steak and ended up paying $6 for the trio of sauces that were just ok.
 honeslty - you can give a 3rd of the amount they gave in each jar and just offer a sauce for free....you pay $50 for steak.....they can add a little sauce free of charge which will be much classier

my wife had a kobe beef burger which was tasty. (we had already kobe beef burgers before and we always feel its stupid and waist of good beef as you cant tell the difference....you can use regular beef and add 30% fat and will get the same result and fraction of the price)
3 beers later and a bill over $100 was somewhat pricey affair
but food was good and vibe was right
Great steaks and great staff.

I have been here using Restaurant.com vouchers and they have been awesome in accommodating me even if I do not pay full price.

Try them out, they have a great view of the steak storage and kitchen.
I came for dinner with my husband and some friends the night before a 50 mile bike race, so i wasn't able to splurge the way I would have liked.  However, my meal and the mini teasing bites of steak that I did have were incredible.  

I ordered the chicken confit, which is served with a side of the truffle mac n cheese.  If this wasn't a steakhouse, then I would order it again in a heartbeat.  It was bursting with flavor.  My husband ordered the skirtsteak and i took a bite of it, and savored the flavorful tenderness.  On a previous visit, he ordered the dry aged bone-in ribeye and he claims that it was the best steak he has ever had.  On this particular visit, he wasn't very hungry, hence the smaller order.  Our friends ordered the ribeye and the filet mignon, and they enjoyed every bite.  They shared the truffle mac n cheese sides and the spinach souffle.  Everything was devoured.  In fact, we practically had to tear the truffle mac n cheese bowl away from our friend before he started licking it clean. 

I also did try the 3 types of complimentary duck fat fried french fries and the accompanying sauces.  The truffle dipping sauce was heavenly.  I am surprised that I was able to restrain myself the way I did.  

The food isn't the only thing calling my name... So is the House made ROCK N' RYE cocktail.  Holy sweet mother of Jesus! This drink is amazing. It consists of Wild Turkey Rye infused with Rock Candy, Citrus & Aromatics. The flavors are melded together for 30 days before it is poured over one giant ice cube.  This alone is a 5 star cocktail.  I can't wait to return and have a whole glass to myself.  Or maybe even two. 

Reservations are a must! Be warned- it is quite loud at this restaurant.  It was a little difficult to have a conversation without leaning in to hear, but it is definitely a fun atmosphere.  I was disappointed with the Michael Mina restaurant in the Bellagio, but Chef Mina has been redeemed by STRIPSTEAK!
One quote says it all "The Waygu Rib Cap was the best steak I have ever had!". This was from my Dad after we finnished dinner last Tuesday night. 

Everything was perfection. We started with the complimentary duck fat fries. Each type had it's own mouthwatering flavors, but my Dad's favorite was the truffle, while mine was the Old Bay Seasoning with the herb sauce. YUM. 

We also ordered the fresh oysters. We were given the choice of east or west coast, and we chose the smaller, sweeter Kusshi oysters from the west. They were perfect. The minuet sauce was fresh and paired with they perfectly. We then split a caesar salad. I loved their dressing and how it came with a anchovie on the side. 

Onto the STEAK. Which is why you really need to come here in the first place. Like I said, he ordered the Waygu Rib Cap, which if you read the other reviews is amazing. It's rich and full of flavor. It's Waygu, so expect it to be a little fatty (but a GOOD, full of FLAVOR fatty). I ordered the Filet, which was cooked just the way I like it. Both were medium rare. The rib cap had a nice charred crust on it which is another sign that it was cooked properly. 

THE SIDES - oh the sides! We ordered the trio of potato puree. Horseradish, Lobster, and Sour Cream & Onion. My favorite was the horseradish becasue it think it pairs well with the meat. His favorite was the lobster with nice big chunks of loster in it. Basically to die for. We also had the creamed spinach which was another favorite. 

Honestly I can't say a bad thing about this meal. We finnsihed off a bottle of wine between the two of us. Yes it's expensive, but a nice steakhouse in Vegas SHOULD be expensive! It's all about the service, amazing food, and atmosphere. 

I wouldn't hesitate to reccommend this place to ALL of my friends looking for a nice night out!
Summary
Overall, it was a very good meal for the price.  9/10.  I would definitely go back again.

Food
I had the pre-fixe meal for $65.  Helpful Hint: I had to ask for the pre-fixe menu.  They do not just give it to you.  Also, they said that the rib eye on the pre-fixe menu is the same size as the regular order.
Before the regular appetizers and entrées, they brought out 3 cups of French fries, each cooked differently (including one in duck fat) and each with a different dipping sauce (ketchup, aioli, and truffle oil).  I thought the fries cooked in the duck fat with the truffle oil sauce were great (10/10).  You just can't go wrong with truffles.
I had the crab cake as an appetizer.  It was a lump crab cake, which is my favorite, as it had chunks of crab instead of shredded pieces.  It was very good (9/10).   It reminded me of Legal Sea Foods on the east coast.
I had the rib eye was my main dish and they did slightly overcook it.  It was supposed to be med-rare, but it came out closer to medium.  The meat was tender and had a dry rub on it.  It was a very good steak (similar to Ruth's Chris, Capital Grill), but not in the upper echelon (Maestros, SW Steakhouse, Del Friscos). 8/10.
I had the root beer float with 2 chocolate cookies for desert.  The cookies were soft and warm and tasted good.  The root beer float had 2 small scoops of vanilla ice cream, but it also had a scoop of a frozen root beer.  It was a nice way to finish off a meal, but it was nothing spectacular. 6/10

Service
The waitress was full of energy and was friendly.  She checked up on us throughout the meal and made sure we were doing ok.  I would love to have her again.  10/10

Ambiance
I could call the restaurant modern and trendy, not old and stuffy.  It has glass partitions between booths so it has an open air concept.  They have different furniture in different areas so it looks like they tried to create "sections" without having walls.  You can see the meat handing and aging in the center of the restaurant.  9/10.
It may sound like a 4 year old wrote the review of this fine steakhouse because i would go here just to eat the French fries and Mac n cheese.

Bread before your meal is overrated bring me duck fat french fries any day. As for the truffle mac n cheese it is the best side dish I have ever eaten in any restaurant anywhere in the world. It's really that good!

Don't cheat yourself, if you are in Vegas go to stripsteak and get any of the awesome steaks but make sure you get the Mac n cheese!
Ok WOW where do I begin? Hum maybe the waygu that melted in my mouth or the fries in duck fat!!! Either way this place is a HIT!!!!! we had such a wonderful experience from beginning to end. Not only is the food here simply mouth watering in you mouth but the service is above and beyond!!
Simply the best steak of my life.  I have eaten here twice.  

Excellent wine selection.  BYOB allowed.  Wagyu beef is amazing.  Perfect preparation.  Worth every penny and I cannot wait to get back.
The duck fat fries, in fact the trio of fries we were served before dinner were really good, perfectly crispy. My husband enjoyed his filet, I had the pork chop. My pork chop was excellent, probably the best I have ever eaten. Service was good. Only thing I didn't care for were the weird sofa things they had for seating in the dining area---they were way too low & made it awkward to eat.
Wanting to surprise my fiancé with a trip to Vegas, I planned everything in advance including dinner reservations. We ended up dining at STRIPSTEAK and Bouchon for our main dinners, and STRIPSTEAK took a notable second place for me out of those two experiences. The food is delicious and the service is great -- there's not a question there. I had the tuna and it was cooked to perfection. My fiancé had the bone-in ribeye and seemed to be in heaven. We split the bleu cheese scalloped potatoes as a side and started with the hamachi poppers, both of which were exceptional. Aside from that, we each had a couple of cocktails and noshed on their complimentary trio of fries (the truffle fries and aioli -- nom!). Still, we somehow managed to tally up quite the bill, which is where my uncertainty lies. Around $230 for the two of us. Again, no wine. Just a couple of cocktails each (sub-$15). We did have a restaurant.com gift certificate which helped, but we were still both a little surprised by the cost of the meal. It was good, but not so memorable where it was worth that investment (at least not in my book). 

The ambiance wasn't totally what I expected either. I was expecting something a bit more Bouchon-esque (a little more closed off, dark wood, etc.), but instead the space was pretty modern and open. It's a place that you could go on a date just as easily as you could make it a guys night out. Not overly intimate in its surroundings, though still very nice.

All in all, I thought it was a very good meal. Not exceptional, and -- for me -- not worth the cost when there are so many other exceptional restaurants offering something bit more unique and equally delicious for the same price point. Still, I'm happy that I've checked a Michael Mina restaurant off the list. I just think I'd have been happier giving that money to Bobby Flay at Mesa Grill. :)
I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant during our last visit.  I had been here before when my palate wasn't as refined as it is now and I wasn't too thrilled with it.  I think it was because we had intended to go to Shanghai Lilly but it was closed and we ended up here.  I liked it much better the second time around.

Who can resist their complementary duck fat fries?  The perfect way to start out our culinary experience.  The starter came with 3 different sauces that complemented the 3 different types of fries they gave us.  Our table ate them up!  They were so good.  I would go just for that!

The chicken breast was the perfect portion of white meat and pieces of crisp dark meat.  It came with truffle mac and cheese that was more delectable than it should have been.  A nice balance of cheese and truffle oil, but not too much truffle oil that it was over powering.

Their special was a pork chop with jalapeno creamed corn which was my FAVORITE part of my dinner.  It wasn't too spicy like I had anticipated.  The first bite is a kick but once you get to the sweetness of the corn, it extinguishes the fire of the jalapeno and becomes this perfect balance of sweet and spicy.

The potato puree trio was pretty darn good.  It came with 3 different potato purees: lobster, onion and sour cream, and horseradish.  They were a great compliment to our chicken.  it was like a creamy potato soup.  I really enjoyed the sour cream and onion.

I give them an extra star for our wonderful waitress Lisa.  She was efficient, friendly and gave us a special treat at the end of our dinner.  I really liked her.

If you happen to be at Mandalay, this place is worth stopping by, if nothing else, get the duck fat fries!
One of the best dinners of my life (AND I EAT A LOT)!

My friends and I decided to try STRIPSTEAK while in Vegas for the weekend and were certainly glad we did.  Dinner there was one of our favorite events of the whole weekend.

Cocktails were delicious and effective.  The fries, as everyone points out, are a highlight.  We all went with Wagyu fillets for an entree and shared a few sides.  None of it disappointed.  Their macaroni and cheese has made it tough for me to ever want to try any other macaroni and cheese anywhere else.  The asparagus and shallot potato cakes were tasty as well.

For dessert we went with yet a few more cocktails and their cheesecake, beignets,  chocolate cake, and a lighter strawberry type dessert (I can't recall the name).  

My only regret is that I am not physically capable of eating more.  I highly recommend STRIPSTEAK to anyone looking to enjoy a long dinner while visiting Vegas.  The experience is worth the cost.
Ate here this past weekend with some friends on a Vegas trip to celebrate mine and a few other October Birthdays. My friend and her bf had eaten here before and highly recommended us going there so we did and wow ... 
it was amazing..
to start had the Lychee Martinis.. sooo good !
then they bring you these fries..garlic fries cooked in duck fat with truffle ... um out of this world.... so tastey... 
I had the crab cakes and they were heaven. THe crab was so delicious and fresh.
As an entree I had the scallops. Amazing. Perfect. So fresh. One of the guys we were with got the truffle mac and cheese and I ate off of his plate lol ... that truffle mac and cheese was amazing..... soo good! 
the crab mashed potatoes also stuck out to me... apparently the guys said the steak was delicious, I didnt have any because I was in a food coma from everything else. I highly recommend this place and I would definantly return here....
I went here on October 20th, to celebrate my Birthday and I have mixed feelings about this place.

The pros
The food was very good.  The duck fries were very tasty and left you wanting more.
I had the Wagyu Rib Cap, I got it done medium well and it was fantastic!!!!!!!! I highly recommend to anyone visiting this restaurant.  
The atmosphere is great, the people and the staff were very friendly and the drinks were great.

The Cons
Our services was very mediocre we had a party of 5 we were not very demanding at all, but for some reason our server didn't seem to be very attentive to us.  Poor customer service can ruin your whole experience.  

Our server somewhat forced me into getting the wagyu rib cap after I told him that I wanted the wagyu  ribeye and I didn't appreciate that.  While it was a good choice that I ended up getting rip cap our server was very aggressive.  I guess he was looking for a bigger tip.  
The sides were just okay, we ordered the mac and cheese truffle and we had ordered the spinach soufflé and it came out undercooked, they took it back and brought it back to the table once we were all finished with our food.  

Overall:  The restaurant was okay, the experience could have been better but the food was okay.  I would suggest other steakhouses on the strip.
Let me start by saying that the service is excellent! Brian, our waiter, was really attentive, had great recommendations, and enhanced our overall dining experience. The food and ambiance, however, were okay...nothing special. The steaks are gigantic so if you're going for portion size, this is the place to be. However, I felt like both our steaks were a little too charred and both had really large chunks of pepper scaterred throughout. We started with the crab cakes followed by the dry aged rib eye and the Kansas city strip, and then the root beer float and cookies for dessert. One of us got the pri-fix menu with the dry aged rib eye. I'd definitely recommend getting the pri-fix menu since you get an appetizer, a trio of sides, and a dessert. This is a special menu you have to ask for though...so they don't offer this deal upfront. The truffle mac and cheese and brussel sprouts were my favorite dishes of the evening. However, I was disappointed by the steaks and the ambiance was underwhelming for Vegas.
The food was excellent, but it took about a 45 minute wait.  Someone in the kitchen must have really screwed up.  We were not in a hurry and so it did not end up being a big deal, but for a meal that is $100+/pp this slow service is not acceptable.

We ordered an assortment of dinners (6 people) and we all enjoyed our dinners.

We brought a couple of very good wines and the wine steward was very kind to open for us ($35 corkage).
The drinks were tasty and the atmosphere is great. Some of our dishes were great, but you couldn't help but notice salt as a major player in most of the dishes. Over-salted food is never fun.
The good: pan seared foie gras add on to steak
                  Complementary trio of duck fries with meal
                 Open seating at the bar
                 Service was good

The bad: porterhouse was very sinewy with too much fat but little marbling
                Marrow was burnt at the edges making some portions inedible

Good meal, but have no inclination to return. I rather preferred emeril's delmonico.
Complimentary trio of duck fat fries (delicious!)
Filet (kobe) tartare with flatbread (awesome!)
Kobe burger with fries (good)
Kobe filet with a few veggies and side of potato-scallion cakes (so so)
Creme brûlée beignets (good)
This place is one of the better steakhouses in Vegas but expect to pay for it.  A modest Dinner for 2 will set you back 200-300 bucks.  With that said, The Complimentary Duck Fat Fries Are Amazing, The Steaks Have a lot of Flavor, and the deserts are incredible.
I've been to other Michael Mina restaurants so I was excited for StripSteak. I was expecting more and was torn about a 3.5 or 4 star rating...but since our crew was so rowdy and the staff was so gracious to us, I'll round up.

+ complimentary signature Michael Mina duck fat french fries in 3 ways WITH 3 dipping sauces (omg!)
+/- oysters: coming from Seattle, wasn't as impressed with their selection
+ foie gras (with some extra bread, mmm)
+/- 18oz bone-in ribeye: surprisingly not a great cut of meat and we ordered 4 of them so I know it wasn't just me
+ 10oz filet: much better than expected
+ creamed spinach with bacon
+ truffled mac & cheese
+ spicy zucchini (new zippy dish!)

The great service ended with the birthday boy getting a scoop of ice cream!

Note: don't forget to pick up a discount $50 gift card at Restaurant.com
I've given up rating the best steakhouses in America. It's a fruitless proposition. At this level, it's the same to me.

Stripsteak might be the only place that cooks their steak sous vide. USDA prime, dry aged, sous vide butter. How could you go wrong?

Might be the best looking steakhouse I've ever been to.
AMAZING.. Fantastic service and the best food.  The real waygu burger is unforgettable.  Even better with a restaurant.com certificate!
A great place for happy hour, I don't think that you can go wrong.
My friends and I went to Stripsteak to celebrate a couple birthdays.  Being one of the birthday peeps, I was a little hesitant to celebrate the big 3-2 at a restaurant on the Strip.  However, my buddies assured perfection, and boy were they right!  First, let me start by saying that restaurants on the Strip are notorious for terrible service.  However, the service at Stripstreak was some of the best I've ever received.

Do yourself a favor and order the steak tartare for an appetizer.  Trust me.  For the main, most of the table ordered a filet instead of the larger steaks because we were heading to XS later, and let's face it - dancing while in a food coma is no fun.  The filet's came out perfect, and each had a nice char on the exterior while maintaining that familiar medium-rare reddish/pink interior.  The sides were equally impressive:  truffle mac and cheese, potatoes 3 way, duck fat fries, and creamed spinach.  So, if you're looking for a steakhouse in Vegas, Stripsteak will impress.  Don't be scared to dine on the Strip!
Great steak places are a mix of not only excellent food, but excellent service to back.  Stripsteak meets those requirements, but does not differentiate itself from other steak houses enough to make the visit necessarily worth repeating.

I settled in with two of my companions on a Sat night with no reservations (always a worry) but the service was able to snag us a corner table.  Perfect.

The restaurant started us off with some complimentary duck fat fries with three dipping sauces (in-house ketchup, old bay, and truffled aioli).  I've never been able to taste a significant difference in duck fat fries vs regular fries, and this was no different, but let me assure you, those fries were very tasty.

American Bone-in Ribeye - An excellent peace of beef, cooked perfectly to medium rare.  While the price was a bit high for the size IMHO, it had a nice sear on the outside and was juicy/flavorful throughout making it an enjoyable meal.  But true to my statement above, I've had great steaks before.  This is a great steak, but didn't stand out more than other great steaks I've had.  18oz bone in for $52.

Truffled mac and cheese - Again, very tasty mac and cheese, and the truffled flavor was excellent.  A strong choice, but not anything that is phenomenal or mind-blowing to speak of.  

Potato puree trio - Great concept: three types of flavored mashed potatos served side by side.  The lobster mashed had a few small chunks of lobster in it (so my companion told me, as I didn't get any lobster bites in the three spoonfuls I tried) and was interesting to taste.  The sour cream and onion was a pretty standard flavor, that probably could've used a slightly stronger seasoning as it tastes nearly plain compared to the other two.  The horseradish was easily the best tasting, and one of the standouts during dinner.  Something as simple as horseradish added to well made potato puree made it a really standout.  

Beingets with vanilla creme brulee - Crisp on the outside giving way to soft pillow interior, the beingets were fried perfectly with a dusting of sugar.  And the vanilla creme brulee provided a perfect sugar crust on top to crak, and had a perfectly smooth creme inside that made every bite enjoyable.  This dessert had great execution, and was delicious.

Finally, at the end of the meal, they provided two complimentary bags of peppered caramel popcorn to take home with us.  The popcorn was tasty, and the complimentary final note was a nice touch.  I enjoyed the popcorn about an hour later, and the texture had staled only sligthtly compared to freshly made, but it was a nice reminder of the meal we just had.

Verdict:  A very solid steak restaurant and worth checking out.  They attempt to differentiate by using wood to grill (thus infusing the flavor of the wood into the meat) but to be honest, I can't taste a significant difference.  Service was top notch, food was top notch, and the overall experience was great.  Would I be back?  Possibly, to enjoy a good meal, but having had the opportunity to eat at a lot of great steak places, it's hard to warrant traveling to Vegas and coming by here again when there are so many other options of great food to try.  Great experience!
Go.  Have steak. Be happy!  Best steak ever!  Duck fat fries are divine.
We travelled to Las Vegas for my husband's 40th Birthday party...with one our couple and a good friend...our evening at Stripsteak was to be our "celebration" steak dinner. I wish I could say it exceeded my expectations and we all left delighted...but, unfortunately, we were underwhelmed.

My husband's steak was extraordinarily fatty, and most of our steaks were overcooked.

The side dishes were delicious though, especially the trio of mashed potatoes and the truffle mac and cheese was fabulous.

We ordered the Root Beer float dessert and some of our guests were still raving about it days after.  

For the price, I would have rather had a steak at Smith & Wollensky or Morton's...
Ridiculously good steak house churning out perfect martinis, memorable Wagyu Filet Tartare, disgustingly (in a good way) addictive duck fat fries and perfectly done steak.

I'd come back just for the fries.
I give this place 2 stars because i didn't appreciate the service. My family of 4 went on a Monday night at 5:30pm. There were maybe one or two tables of customers, tops. But it still took them 10 minutes to seat us even though the restaurant was completely empty and we had a reservation. what?

we ordered 2 18 oz. rib eyes ($54 each), both paired with foie gras ($22 each) and bone marrow ($17). For sides, we got the bacon creamed spinach, trio of potato puree, and mushrooms ($14 each). The steak was delicious but the foie gras was really raw in the middle, the bone marrow was overly salted, and both the creamed spinach and mushrooms were mediocre. The potato puree was the only thing besides the steak that was yum. But everything was SO overpriced. $14 for some wilted spinach? meh. 

for dessert, we got the beignets with creme brulee and again, mediocre. I was really disappointed with the dessert. 

Our waitress didn't come in to check on us after she took our order except to bring us our wine, and as other tables trickled in, we saw that they all got complimentary french fries, which we did not receive, even though it showed up on our check as "Amuse fries." wtf, yo. 

I wouldn't come back here. I can find better steak elsewhere without the shitty service. seriously.
There are lots of steak joint in Las Vegas, with 4-5 stars.  This one is 5 star for me, due to 2 main reasons, great service and great food.

food: 5/5
For starter, the thin golden crispy fries are fried in duck fat, which is sooo good. They are crispy, smoky, mouth melt. These fries are dip in several sauces which are delectable. 5/5
kobe burgers: 5/5 enough said. moist, tender, and fanstaticly good $40
rib eye: 5/5 same as above, $50
fois gras: 5/5 . mouth melting juicy goodness. $20 for 4 bites

service: 5/5 The server is nice, patience.  When we requested for more fries, the server brought more without charging us for it. 

ambiance: 4.5/5 slightly loud with rustle and bustle

cleanlyness: 5/5

parking: 5/5 parking in Mandalay free if you stay at the hotel

cost: 4/5 you get what you pay for.

overall: 5/5

One of the best steak place that I have gone to.  This place is pricey but definitely worth a look.  The cocktails are great, but my advice, go to happy hours where the drink is half off.
Totally underrated restaurant...

Came here upon a friend's suggestion and have to say I loved it! 

We shared the bone in ribeye and ordered several apps and sides to go with it.  The ribeye was delicious..almost as good as my favorite as mastros!  I have to admit the foie gras sliders were a tad forgetable but the other dishes were VERY good.. the mac and cheese was creamy and rich, the brussel sprouts flavored wonderfully.. and the service was excellent as well.

Frankly, I was surprised by how empty the restaurant was.. only half full at dinner time. Granted it was a Thursday but during the holidays when Vegas was pretty crowded. It's defeinitely a hidden gem!
I went there on my last night in Vegas.  The complimentary fries were great.  After that, it was all downhill.  My bone in rib eye was undercooked, under-seasoned, and by no means was it prime meat.  My appetizer of crab cakes was definitely heated in a microwave. It was so soggy and had no flavor.

This place was a disaster.  Michael Mina has no clue about a steak house.
okay service was fine but the steak okay sorry but there are better for the money
Absolutely the BEST place in Las Vegas for a steak!
We tried StripSteak @ Mandalay Bay for date night, and it was wonderful. Our server was great: helpful with the menu, perfectly attentive and our water glasses were always full. We were offered complimentary fries in 4 different flavors before our meal, which were both delicious and unique. Ordered the filet, asparagus and potato gratin side dishes. YUM. Before coming here, I thought I knew how I liked my steak and how it should be cooked....but StripSteak just blew that idea out of the water and set the new standard for me. Melt in your mouth, full flavor perfection. Seriously. WOW. The merlot I ordered by the glass was also above & beyond, though I didn't catch the name after a few glasses. Oops. Also: by chance that evening, sitting across from basketball's Charles Barkley and his entourage was fun. All the more reason to go back again. LOVED IT!
Sometimes I wonder about people.  Maybe my palate is different but some things I just don't get.  The duck fat fries.....they were nothing special, they are friggin fries, come on people!  I think people get too caught up in the atmosphere and alleged reputation of places to form an honest opinion.   You ever see those shows where they swap the food at a fancy restaurant with some take out and people still think the food is fabulous and the best they've ever had?

This place was just average.  When I say average I mean average compared to comparable steakhouses.  It was by no means near the quality of Sizzler but far from  what I would expect for the price I paid.  The Caesar Salad was terrible.   The side dishes were actually pretty good, I had the scalloped potatoes.  I ordered a Kansas City Strip Steak.  It was OK, somewhat flavorful but was still missing that "wow factor".   I was a bit disappointed considering the price.  You don't always get what you pay for.  My rating of 3 stars is being very generous.

I've had a better steak at BJ's, yes BJ's!  Try their New York Strip with Bleu Cheese Garlic Butter.  Very good!
Strip steak is probably the most unique of the steak houses in Vegas. The focus is on the meat itself with very little outside influences. What that means is that the steak speaks for itself.

The ambiance is quite nice but since the bar is pretty big and at the entrance, the place is pretty loud too. The staff was very good in that they checked up on me often even when I didn't even order anything yet. They are the only ones that offered me a Prix Fix menu.

The first thing that comes out is probably one of the most addicting fries you will ever put in your mouth, their Duck Fat Fries. I know it doesn't sound as good but the crunch and flavor will change your mind. Knowing that is complimentary makes it harder to resist. It comes with 3 flavors: Original, Herb fries, and Old Bay fries (the latter being the saltiest and least favorite of the bunch for me). There are 3 dipping sauces, Truffle Aioli, Ketchup, and Mustard Remoulade (not sure how to spell that).

The appetizer was a single crab cake (normally $18). Although it seemed fresh and tasted very good, it was not worth the price in my opinion. Thank god for the Prix Fix menu. The one thing I will say is that as soon as it comes out, the fresh crab aroma does hit you pretty hard, which is good for seafood lovers.

The truffle Mac N' Cheese was very good. Not too cheesy, not too salty. The flavor is smokey so I wonder if they used some sort of smoked cheese like Smoked Gouda. Cream is smooth and not overpowering.

The Brussel Sprouts were undecipherable. It was a mish-mash of a whole bunch of stuff I could not discern. It reminded me of that Cafeteria mystery meat where you are unsure what is in it. Probably my least favorite side of all the steak houses I've been too so far.

The STEAK: The steak is first poached at 118-119 degrees in butter for 20-30 minutes, depending on size of cut. It is them placed on a grill raised by a giant wheel (as seen in pictures) over mesquite wood and charcoal. The seafood side of the grill has an additional wood (Olive Wood). Surprisingly, there is no char or crunch on the steak but because the steak was poached, the cooking is uniform throughout the steak. This is where Strip Steak focuses on the Steak. No other sauces are added.

The root beer float dessert brought back childhood memories. Nothing spectacular but great nostalgia.
Went back December 29th, 2012 before the Maroon 5 concert. So thrilled to get Steven again. A year later, he still remembered us. This guy knows how to make his customers feel special. Thank you for the beautiful wine. This has become a MUST visit every time we're in Vegas.
Steaks were off the charts good! But wow the prices hurt. Visit after you win big!
My fiancé and I went to celebrate a promotion in April 2011, so we were excited to try a new restaurant for the occasion. Unfortunately, it was overpriced and mediocre at best. 

The only dish worth any attention was the "Poppers" which featured raw ahi and hamachi on crispy potato cakes with tobiko. It was delicious, however, did not justify the 22 dollar price tag. I also tried the king salmon, scalloped potatoes and roasted artichoke (who drowns a small dish of chopped up artichoke hearts in overpowering goat cheese, and for 15 dollars?) and mini donuts; all of which only deserve a shrug. 

The service was substandard; we felt ignored. My fiancé is nowhere near as pretentious and particular as I am, however, he was equally disappointed with our meal and experience. 

Their filet mignon may have been exceptional, but you need more than just a good steak in a town where there are competing steakhouses within feet of each other.
Best cucumber martini I have ever had! The server suggested it and it was so good I let him order my meal for me- I totally trusted his taste. The Mac and cheese was amazing too. Awesome decor and we never felt rushed even though the place was packed with a wait list. Its expensive, but at least go for the cucumber martini!
Stripsteak is a delightful surprise! My best friend and I were in Las Vegas for my birthday extravaganza and haphazardly stumbled upon Stripsteak after watching a show. We had no reservation, but were immediately seated. 

The food here is amazing! We shared the Shellfish Platter and the dry aged bone-in rib eye. We were also treated to their trio flavored fries, which were simply to die for!! 

Servers were friendly and attentive. The general decor of the place is pleasing and welcoming. Definitely a nice place to have dinner in Vegas.
Food, cocktails, service, and decor were all fantastic. As others have mentioned, the duck fat fries are a highlight, and the scalloped potatoes were delicious as well. The truffle mac and cheese is a must-have. I personally think the appetizers were better than the steak, although that was very good as well. The service was very friendly and attentive, and the server was very knowledgeable about the food and made some great suggestions for what we should try. Great dining experience!
Appetizers I was lucky enough to try:

Wagyu filet tartare - So tasty. Exactly how you'd want a tartare to be. It announced itself, then slid effortlessly down my throat. Nice.

Maine lobster fritters - That Meyer lemon creme fraiche is really what sends these over the top. Cannot recommend enough.

Trio of duck fat fries - These things didn't need any sauce. They were absolutely perfect as-is. This is how all potatoes should aspire to end their lives. The epitome of potato deliciousness = fully achieved.

The American Wagyu rib cap was unbelievable. Those words together probably sound like a big "duh," but it was. Seared beautifully on the outside, perfectly medium rare on the inside...it seriously melted in my mouth. I don't think I've ever had a nicer piece of cow, and I doubt I ever will. Memorable.

That truffled mac n' cheese. Omg. That could have been a meal in itself. Instead, it was a fantastic side that we all shared.
The bacon roasted enoki mushrooms side has a vinegary sourness which is oddly pleasing with crisp and crunchy hard bacon.  The spicy zucchini with garlic and olive oil is a tad mushy but has good flavor.  The Maine lobster fritters are seriously tasty and consist of fried tube-shaped pieces which you place inside shiso leaf wraps, squeeze lime juice on and apply lemon crème fraiche.  

We are served complimentary french fries with various dipping sauces (Cajun, truffle and Rosemary).  The twelve ounce skirt steak has excellent char and flavor while the dry-aged medium-rare eighteen ounce bone-in rib eye is juicy, has great char and excellent smoke factor.  This is an outstanding steakhouse whose quality rivals Mastro's of Newport Beach.
My husband introduced this place to me about a year ago. I am a huge steak fan and I have never had such juicy and tender meat. I love how they serve different types of fries with sauces to go with them that taste so good. The service is very friendly and if you are coming to visit Vegas I recommend you stop and eat here!
Food was excellent and the staff was great.  Wagyu Rib Cap was a standout.  Loved the duck fat fries that they immediately brought to the table that gave us something to munch on while we reviewed the menu.
Like the rest of Vegas..overrated ...the fries were cold...and did not have the taste of duck fat!   The service was rushed...they want to get you out to get the next sucker in your table.   The Mac and cheese was yucky..the Caesar salad was overdressed....and the stake was very salty and near raw!   Skip this place!  Not worth the price!
The steak was good. The taste definitely matches the price and the portion was filling. You won't leave with the feeling that you would need to get some fastfood right after dinner. 

The duck fat fries was like the free appetizer thing. It was awesome. Don't even need to dip it in ketchup/ranch or anything. We were hoping to get refills on those.

The waiter recommended Wagyu beef rib cap (apparently it's more marbleized  than the rib eye or something, I wasn't really paying attention to him hehe). Anyway, I got the steak medium, but it looked/tasted like medium-rare. I like the "crust" thing on the beef. Don't even need to add any sauce or anything else to it. Definitely worth the $70 I paid for it.

Love the truffled mac and cheese. Truffle oil just seems to make everything tastes better. I wish I could just have the truffled mac and cheese to myself but I had to share it with my friend :(

My recommendations:
- Duck fat fries
- Truffled mac and cheese
Wonderfully amazing isn't good enough to describe this place. We had the wagyu beef cap, to die for, and the truffle Mac n cheese. Glen, our waiter suggested and we are so glad to have tried. Simply the best steak, flavor and texture we've ever had. 
Cannot wait for our next visit next year!
First off, service was Great! Shawn did a great job and meet all our needs in a timely and professional manner. He is well knowledgable with the menu. They have 3 styles of beef. Angus, waygu and I believe jap waygu. We choose angus beef, as for the others they were to pricey for our budget. You know the saying...you get what you pay for. That holds true with beef as well. We should have went with the waygu Kobe style. We had the angus Ny and rib-eye. Nothing memorable but a piece of gristle from the Ny. Rib- eye was ok. Great idea to start with the fries. It actually took away a sale as we were going to order onion rings. Chocolate  Dessert was great. I would dine here again if presented to me, but wouldn't go out of my way. Didn't have the wow factor in the steaks we ordered.
I have been to quite a few steak house throughout Las Vegas and this without a doubt my favorite. The food was amazing and the overall experience was excellent.
I walked in with such high expectations after reading the reviews, boards, and hearing so many good things from friends. Left feeling pretty disappointed with the execution and service. 

The good:
- the sides were delicious, i think if i went back i'd order 3 to 4 sides a person and no entrees and call it good
- loved seeing the dry aged meats in the display cases

The bad:
- ordered the porterhouse. for temp i request between rare and med rare. when the steak arrived carved from the kitchen, which is what makes this mistake incomprehensible - the meat was at best cooked to medium well. when I called the server over he insisted this was their medium rare, but he "graciously" offered to check with the kitchen and took it to the back in a huff. he arrived back and said after checking it in better light he admitted it was overcooked. the worst part was he was unapologetic and acted pissed at us. it got so bad i called the manager over and she too acted like we were inconveniencing her. 

i'll never step foot in this restaurant again. Cut does a far better job as does several other vegas steakhouses. spend your hard earned money elsewhere.
Another amazing steakhouse in Vegas...  Wife got the rib eye (3-stars), I got the filet (5-stars)... tender as can be... we tried the Mac & Cheese as well as Spinach for the sides... very good. Desert was amazing... Crème brûlée with the Beignets was as good a desert as you can get. 

Two bottle wine limit, $35 corkage fee..  the markup on wine is Vegas high so if you can, it is strongly advised to bring a couple bottles.

Have it on par with Carne Vino (@ Palazzo), and Delmonico Steakhouse (@ Venetian)
I recently realized that I've had excellent experiences at every Michael Mina restaurant I've been to.  Seablue, Nobhill, American Fish etc.  They're all at least 4 stars and sometimes more.  This past trip to Stripsteak was 4.5 stars.  

I have been here at least 5 times and I always bring a $50 restaurant.com coupon.  This isn't a top 3 steakhouse in Vegas but $50 off from $100 makes it a terrific value for a really solid steak.  

We've recently been ordering the $72 porterhouse which is a monster cut that can easily be split 2 ways and even 3 if you get an appetizer or an extra side.  They'll bring it out to you in a pan already carved up if you want a la Peter Luger style and that's what we do.  I also love all the meaty goodness on the bone itself.  To me, kobe beef is basically that really tender, juicy part by the bone all blown up into a regular sized piece of steak.  My wife loves the filet so I eat the majority of the sirloin side which is just fine with me.  We like it rare.

The sides are $14 each so 2 of those gets me to a $100 exact.  The spinach souffle is the absolute must freakin have side dish.  I don't think there's any other restaurant doing the souffle quite like this.  The server brings it to the table piping hot, punctures the top of it and pours cream into it.  One of my favorite sides ever.  I am over creamed spinach!  We're through!

We went with the mushrooms cooked in bacon for our second side since we already loaded up on starch from those awesome complimentary fries they bring to the table.  Forget bread, forget appetizers, you've got french fries!  I never make it to dessert anyways.        

But the kicker this evening was when it came to box the steak.  We had asked the server to box up the 2 leftover pieces along with the bone itself.  The general manager was assisting the servers and busing tables.  She accidentally threw out the leftovers not hearing the server ask her to box it up.  I didn't make that big of a beef (ha) about it but she proposed the chef to cook us another WHOLE porterhouse and box it up for us!  I was stunned.  Talk about going above and beyond!  Who are we to say no to another $72 steak?  Wow.  This was an all around great experience and I look forward to the next time.
After having gone the week before, we were invited back. We shared the waygu burger. This was the top 3 burgers I have ever had! My husband totally agreed. We then shared the 30oz porterhouse with a side of onion rings. We asked if the chef could make a grilled vegetable plater for us to enjoy. They meet all our needs. Everything was wonderful. I was a little disappointed on the size of filet section of the steak for having been a 30oz porterhouse. The steak had great flavor.
The food and service are top notch. Our server "Heather" was very personable and professional. I am writing this review to point out one important thing to know. We had been trying to eat here for months but every time we tried to book online through OpenTable it said they were booked. I called and easily got in at our desired time. The restaurant was not busy at all even though their online booking system said they were full. If we didn't have the Restaurant.com coupon we would have probably given up on trying to get in. 
We had the filet Mignon/ medium rare- Spectacular and perfectly Medium rare.
Potato trio- get it even though you already ate the amazing fries. They are yummy.
 Spicy zucchini- Delicious but very spicy. We were glad to have the potatoes to cool them down.
overpriced, yes. but hey it's vegas and this place is damn good and has a really fun atmosphere. I always try to eat here when I'm in town.
This review is only about the bar at Strip Steak in Mandalay Bay.  And more specifically, only about their single malt Scotch selection. 

WOW. 

I asked for their single malt list, and they brought me .... A book!   Seriously. 

This thick tome was organized by the regions of Scotland. Each section focused on a distillery with a small bit of history and trivia about the place, then listed the scotches, with tasting notes. I was able to try several that I never heard of. 

They also offer a tasting flight with 4 scotches for $30 (as of March 2013). 

If single malt is your pleasure - you have to check this place out.
Enjoyed fries served with 3 different dips, fresh apple/pecan salad, as well as most delicious scallops and truffle mac n cheese!  Hubby loved his steak!  Our server, Glen, was very attentive, friendly and fast!  Busy place, will return.
I didn't get a chance to order a steak, due to a show that was starting soon.  But, I ordered the mac and cheese side along with green beans and garlic bread.  They were tasty.  I may come back to try the steak.  The restaurant is a bit pricey but, the service was excellent.
The Worst! Went with 2 families. I had the Wabu Cab which is as the waiter explained is better than a Rib Eye. It was a $70 steak. It showed up charred black on the outside and raw and chewy on the inside. I had told the waiter that I wanted a steak that was not fatty. I guess I got "up sold"!  I Showed the waiter how raw it was so they took it back and finished cooking it while everyone else ate. Still charged full price. Towards the end of our $360, 2 adults and 2 kids meal we were still hungry so they brought out stale cold bread. We go to all the high end places in Vegas and this one is a SKIP !!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  Junior and the rest of the staff will show you what true hospitality is.  Before I moved here, they remembered my name and all kinds of specifics after not seeing me for 6 months +.  The food is amazing in truly typical Michael Mina style.  Everything from the french fry  sampler to start, the truffle mac (my personal favorite) and the quality of the steaks...Im a happy man when Im here.  That is all
We always enjoy our meals at Stripsteak.  I have been having a run of bad luck ordering steak recently, so it was nice to get a good chunk of prime ribeye cooked perfectly to medium rare.  My wifes filet came to the table "still mooing" just as she likes it.         The mac and cheese was excellent and plentiful.  The scallion potato cakes weren't quite as good as previous visits, but still above average.       We tried the lobster fritters on recommendation.  They were tasty, but  a bit overwhelmed by the bacon.  I dipped some of the house fries into the creme fraiche that came with the fritters and it was excellent.  They should consider offering that up as a regular option.  Overall, it was another excellent meal from Michael Mina.
I'm a bit ambivalent about Stripsteak.  On one hand, their Scotch selection was very extensive and, for the Strip, reasonably priced.  Yes, the Scotch menu is a big thick book, like a Scotch for Dummies because it gives a complete history of every single distiller and a thorough description of every single malt from that distiller.  And if the Scotch for Dummies bible isn't enough, the bartender Chris was wonderfully knowledgeable about the vast selection of single malts.  Unfortunately, the bar isn't really a great setup - not a lot of stools at the bars, and the tables for the bar area felt like they were almost in the middle of the walkway leading to the Event Center.

On the other hand, the restaurant is a very comfortable space, but the food is awfully pricey.  Very good, but not sure it's worth the cost.  Well, except for the delicious duck fat fries (served instead of bread), which were complimentary.  I had a foie gras appetizer that was one of the most delicious variations on foie gras I've ever had (not that I can remember ever having a bad foie gras dish), but it was $32.  The 90-day-aged sirloin steak was $72 - very good, but I've had better steak at lower prices.  The grilled asparagus was really good, just a tad too expensive at $14.  I ordered dessert, but can't remember what it was, just that it was really good too (and obviously not the least bit memorable).  Again, our server was also terrifically knowledgeable about the restaurant's impressive Scotch menu.

So the vast and reasonably-priced single malt menu is worth going back for, but the bar isn't a great space.  The dining room is very comfortable, but the food menu is priced just high enough that I don't see myself going back there to eat.  If Stripsteak had better bar seating or slightly lower food prices, I'd be a die-hard regular.  As it is, I'll probably be back every once in a while.  If you're a single malt guy, Stripsteak's Scotch menu is too good to resist.
We were looking for some cold beverages after enjoying the Shark Aquarium and this place was boosting a pretty solid HH deal so we grabbed a seat where we could people watch (always great in Vegas) and had a few drinks.  I opted for my staple beverage, Cranberry and Vodka and my Mom some sort of Pineapple Rum combination that she enjoyed.  

I believe HH was $4 for wells, it may have been $5, I can't remember now but either way this is a deal in Vegas for some solid drinks.
I only rated this place one star and I honestly believe it  doesn't deserve that much. I really wanted to like this place! The experience was awful- we had dinner Sunday night and left hungry and disappointed. Duck fat fries were good. I ordered the scallops and they had no sear on them and were raw and cold in the middle. My husband ordered the filet medium rare and it was completely raw! This place is completely over-rated and over-priced. I don't mind paying for a wonderful meal, but I'm sorry, if you can't cook scallops- get out of the kitchen! We will never go back.
I returned to Stripsteak for the second time with some friends in April 2013, and we were really disappointed by the whole experience. 

THE WAIT...
After we sat down it took what seemed like forever to get water, not to mention the time it took to order drinks. 

THE WINE MENU...
The wine menu is on an iPad now, and the user interface is dreadful. It felt like a chore to try  maneuver the application. I'm 31 years old and my boyfriend is a web designer- we're pretty tech savvy, and found the app to be a pathetic piece of junk. 

THE WAIT CONTINUES...
After we ordered our drinks it took at least 25 minutes for our server to come back to take our order. In the meantime we saw him dicking around and taking pictures with another table for at least a good 10 minutes. 

When our waiter, followed by the manager, finally came to our table we asked to order. We also inquired about the fries they serve at the tables, because we were starved after sitting there for about 45 minutes. The waiter said the kitchen was really backed up so it was out of his control, but the manager had no problem getting them for us, which wasn't surprising because all of the tables seated after us had already been served.

THE FOOD...
Six people ordered steak, four of which were the filet mignon, and no one was impressed. My boyfriend and I each ordered the salmon, which was okay, but definitely not worth the price or the wait. The side dishes were lukewarm, the vegetables were very oily, and we abandoned them half-eaten on the table.

My friends and I make it a point to have a few nice dinners whenever we all go to Vegas together. This used to be a staple on our trips, but it would take a lot of convincing to get me to go back after this alar visit.

Mediocre food and horrible service.
WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER?... This place is a joke. Ten of us went for dinner and ordered shortly after we got there. The food didn't arrive two hours later, the waiter was pompous and didn't care about us.  We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either. 10 very unhappy and hungry people walked out.  Funny thing was it was a Thursday and not busy....
DO NOT WANT

I can get an idea for what this place emphasizes and it's not service.

Let me list our problems with our visit to this establishment:

1) Eternal waiting: our server took his time to make it to our table. The staff took their time delivering bread and drinks to us. 

Once we ordered, it was at least 45 minutes, possibly longer, before our entrees were delivered to us. We discovered somehow that the kitchen chose to first serve a large group that arrived later than we did. No apologies, no visits from the manager, no "make ups."

2) Dishonesty: While waiting outside we had noticed the prix-fixe menu stated the rib eye was a 12-oz, while the rib eye a-la carte was 18-oz. That was reasonable for the price (which was roughly comparable); some in our party chose the a-la carte and others chose prix-fixe.

When the entrees finally came, to our surprise there were no differences in the size of our steaks. When we inquired of the waiter he stated that the steaks were the same size regardless of prix-fixe or a-la carte. When we then pointed out that if we had known, all of us would have ordered the prix-fixe, he did not respond.

3) Food: the best part of the meal, honestly, was the fries. The spinach souffle is nasty. And having been to Mastro's, Ruths Chris, Lawry's, and Flemings, the steak is overpriced for its quality. 

Easy to say we aren't coming back and I hope this review drives foot traffic elsewhere.
The complimentary trio of duck fat fries w/various dipping sauces was a great start to a nice steak dinner. If you've won big, splurge on one of the market priced Japanese A5 grade wagyu steaks (up to $350).
Although I did not eat any steak, everything I had was very good. Started with the hamatchi. Ultra fresh and delicious. For entree I split the petrole sole which was a daily fish special. It was nicely split and plated. It was good....the hamatchi was better. 
Tried the fries too. They were awesome.
Service was good. The ipad wine list is a step back. The old book version is much more user friendly.
A good choice for dining if you are at Mandalay Bay.
Strip Steak restaurant inside Mandalay Bay is one of tbe best kept secrets in Las Vegas. The food is excellent and the service is superior. The mashed potatoes with garlic are to die for. Come hungry. Awesome place!!!!
Very average.

If I'm paying $70 for a 10 oz filet and $90 for a $25 bottle of wine, it better be the nicest place in town and the food should be fantastic.  I didn't have either at Strip Steak.  Not worth the money in my opinion.
Wow, wow, wow wow wow. Initial thoughts - see aforementioned.

Truffle Mac and cheese, the mushrooms... Wow, wow, wow.

The wagyu beef filet Mignon - wow, wow, wow.

The ribeye cap was the only thing that didn't meet my expectations, everything else blew them away. This was the most disappointing part, as I'm partial to ribeye, and apparently this is award winning, but it didn't really do it for me. Next time I'll try the 18 ounce bone in rib-eye.

A bit pricey, but great.
Amazing! One of the best meals I've ever had! Don't miss the duck fat fries appetizer, it's delicious! My mouth is watering just thinking about Stripsteak.
Food was excellent. Truffle mac & cheese = amazeballs. Dining in first class restaurants on a frequent basis, I was less than impressed with the attitude I was given when I arrived for our reservation. I was informed that due to the fact that we were a bit late for our reservation that they set a time limit as to when we needed to leave. This is absurd, especially for a group of us that spent over $1,000 on food alone...not including the alcohol. The vibe of the restaurant is trendy, and if I weren't trying to speak with my friends on the opposite side of the table, I wouldn't have been bothered by the extreme noise level. I typically do not complain about service at a restaurant, especially in Vegas, but I felt compelled to share my experience in hopes that they improve their blahzay client service. All in all, I was impressed by the food and overall vibe, however the hostesses need to check their attitude.
I rarely write negative reviews, usually only positive ones, but this was one of those experiences. 

Wow. This was by far our worst dining experience in Vegas.  It was the worst spent $700 ever. We made a reservation for 7 people about 1 month ago since we were going to be in town for a trade show. Our last appointment ran late, so four of us showed up the restaurant late. 3 were already there, but couldn't be seated until the missing 4 arrived. They could have been ordering drinks and appetizers, but instead, the table sat empty.  

We arrived and were told that we could eat, but that we would have to be out of our table by 9. Okay, that is fair, but how they treated us after that was not.  

We had plenty of time to eat, in fact we finished 20 minutes before 9. But we kept getting pushed...the waiter first said that he would choose out appetizers (because us reading the menu for 2 mins was too much) He kept reminding us that we were in a hurry. We rushed through our food and at 8:40 the waiter gave us dessert menus, threw some fiddle faddle packages, courtesy of the chef, on the table, and said that we could choose dessert and that we MIGHT have time to eat it.  Seriously guy? 

Gratuity was included. We didn't give a penny more.  On the way out we commented to the hostess that they could have handled that situation way differently.  Understating that we had to be done by 9, they could have sped things up in the kitchen instead of constantly reminding us that we needed to rush. She argued with us instead of apologizing.  That is not customer service. 

Even more disappointing, we LOVE Michael Mina restaurants.  And planned ALL Michael Mina restaurants for our trip. This Michael Mina restaurant let us down :( But--American Fish (Aria) and Michael Mina (Bellagio) are both excellent!!!
It has taken me a while to get to writing this review, but the experience I had was definitely worth noting. StripSteak is the restaurant I go to every time I go to Vegas when I am looking for a great steak. I have dinned here at least a dozen times in the last few years and I have yet to have a bad meal or one that does not meet my expectations.

The last time I dined there was March second, just prior to the Carrie Underwood concert as part of my birthday weekend. The experience I had was exceptional! They were very accommodating and the service was spectacular. My parents and I started the evening in the lounge for a couple of happy hour drink specials prior to our seating (we arrived early and prior to the opening of the main dining room). The happy hour drinks were well priced.

Once the main dining room opened, we were promptly seated by the hostess and our server was present to attend to us. He was exceptional with any questions that my parents had and dietary requests were received well and honored by the kitchen.The duck fat fries are a nice change to the regular bread and butter offerings of most restaurants.  We ordered a bottle of Joseph Phelps Opus One wine for our dinner and it was exceptional, but also costly... The wine list is exceptional for a steak house.

Well all had appetizers of Salad. I always get the caesar salad (presentation changes every time) and the the Kansas City Striploin steak. My parents opted for a filet. All steaks cooked to perfection. We shared a couple of side dishes at the table and were also excellent.

We opted for a desert beverages as opposed to deserts. I opted for the Adult root bear float, which was likely kaluha and galliano with  a scoop of ice cream... Nice and refreshing. Though, as it was a birthday weekend, I did receive a complementary plate of ices cream with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce.

There was an element of sticker shock with a tab of over $1,000.00, but worth the celebration of a milestone birthday.
Working 8 days straight at the Mandalay, Strip steak was our go-to place for our protien fix.  

Believe it or not, french fries fried in duck fat are complimentary.  OMG, talk about delicious.  They offer you 3 different types of dipping sauce but honestly, it isn't necessary.  The fries are addicting.  You've been warned ;)

The porterhouse is reasonably priced ($78?) and is big enough for 2 people.  There's no wow factor as porterhouse is usually the same at most places.  It is served with some pearl onions and baby carrots.  

Chilled seafood is also a good starter.  The portion could have been bigger but the selection was quite good..  It had lobster tail, lobster claw, a few king crab legs, a couple oysters and a couple clams.  I could have eaten the whole thing myself, but I had to share =)

Salads were decent but WAY overdrenched.  Be sure to ask for light dressing.

It's a nice decent steakhouse, but definitely not a destination restaurant.  Do try it out if you're staying at the Mandalay.
By FAR, the best steak - EVER!! My husband and I splurged on the 18oz. dry-aged ribeye to share. We ordered one side (which costs extra) and it was also to die for. We stuffed ourselves beyond stuffed and enjoyed every minute of it. If we would have had one more night in Vegas, we probably would have gone back the next night. Looking forward to our next trip!!
Definitely the best meal I've had all year. We watched the Jabbawockeez show on a Sunday and during the wait before the show, we made a reservation for 4 at 8:45pm. 

I chose the ribeye, medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. We were given complimentary french fries. There were three types and all three were tasty. The sides were also delicious.  The truffle mac and cheese is the best mac and cheese I've ever had. The potato puree trio was also excellent.

The service was ok but nothing too big to knock the rating down. The steaks here are the stars of the meal. Definitely coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Filet minion and duck fat fries!!!!
This place in undoubtedly a good streak house. 
They have a verity of cuts and my favorite Wagyu which is offered only as 8oz.
I am hefty and a big eater so I ate the 18 oz. bone in rib eye which was cooked to perfection. The cut of the meat was also impressive because it was extremely tender. 
The sides I recommend are Mushrooms, Mash Potatoes Trio with Lobster potato being my favorite, and asparagus. Do not order the corn, not very flavorful.
The service was impressive because there was not one time I had to ask for something. Make sure to order a bottle of wine because they have a great selection.
The ambiance is modern with couch like seating and perfect for large groups.
Expect to spend about $700+ with a group of 6 or more.
My food was just OK.  I had expected more for the price, but unfortunately, I wasn't that impressed.  

I had the 10 oz filet minon, medium well and butterflied.  Maybe because I had them butterfly it, the meat was kinda dry.  It needed some sort of glaze topping to add some flavor.

The fries were good. Nice change from complimentary bread.  


As for that mac and cheese... I've had better.  It was tasty enough, but maybe they can add some bacon or something else besides peas to make it more interesting.  The cheese was good.  

My husband had the Wagyu burger.  I had a bite of that, and I wish I ordered that instead. The meat was YUM.  And half the price of my filet mignon.  Not that price is an issue at a steakhouse, but I expect more at this price point.  

The atmosphere was lovely, and for a Saturday night, it wasn't too busy.  But our server seemed swamped.  For the most part, the staff was nice.
YUM.

Comlimentary trio of fries: truffle, garlic herb and Old Bay, with matching sauces. Tried to stop eating them but COULD NOT.

Starter salad: wedge with blue cheese. I've had this before. Why was this one so good?

Ahi tuna tartare starter on crispy rice: adorable presentation, sizable portion and extremely flavorful.

Kansas City strip steak and side of jalapeño creamed corn: steak cooked PERFECTLY. Corn slightly underdone gave amazing texture with creamy sauce and background of heat. YUM. 

Amazing addition: all dishes were split between myself and my husband. No questions asked and no sneers given! Each dish was presented on separate plates, neatly split for us. Classy.

Service was impeccable yet friendly. Sommelier was the most approachable of any I have encountered, yet adequately knowledgeable. Atmosphere was lively and pleasant. Modern, clean design. 

Topper: Complimentary dessert to take home. Popcorn drizzled with chocolate and other yummy flavors. Hints of coffee. Addictive.

This was my first Michael Mina experience and it was a great one. Looking forward to trying more.
I usually do not write negative reviews or reviews at all for that matter but this was a terrible experience. We had a party of 4 with over a $500 tab by the end of the night. The apps and duck fat fries were really good but it took a turn for the worse with the meals. We waited quite a while to get our meals in which we had no problems with because we squeezed in a few more cocktails. The meals were finally brought out after several apologies from the waiter and manager and all of it was wrong. We ordered 3 steak courses and 1 fish course. The fish course had foie gras butter on it and was returned. My steak didn't have it was returned. The other two courses sat there until they fixed it. When my steak came back it was overcooked and tough. They should have replaced it. The waiter could see we were miffed and never really came back to our table. He sent the manager over every time. We were not being rude or that impatient but we got upset after nothing was done. I didn't eat my steak and our friend didn't eat her fish course. The manager removed both courses but still had over a $500 bill. Skip this place, not worth the $15 cab ride from City Centre.
Took my family of four to dinner while staying at The Mandalay Bay for a couple of days. Had a great meal, steaks were wonderful wine perfect, but while eating the table of twelve behind us which included adults and children, had a rough night.. Two of the adults decided to go at it MMA style and it had to be broken up. The problem was that the drama continued through our entire meal when it would have been more appropriate to kick them out for fighting. I realize that this is Vegas, but when spending 400.00 dollars on dinner this does not work in my world.
The best steak in town! Thumbs up!! Their service here is awesome! I love their fries too as well, it comes with three different types of fries and different sauces. The Australian steak filet mignon is super delicious! It is kinda pricey but it is well worth it! Their happy hours menu for drinks is pretty awesome too $4 for a beer on a strip inside of a luxury hotel & casino? Can't beat that!
Had dinner there last night 07/27/2013 at 7 pm. I ordered a Cesar salad, was greatly disappointed because the so called garlic toasts were not fresh. Feels like eating an overnight toast. Then, I had the bone-in rib eye ordered to cook medium but, it was more like raw.  They tend to over flood us with the sides like going to a Denny's.  my girl friend had their burger and it was not cooked to her liking.  She ordered well done but got raw too. Very disappointed and will not be going back ever again.
My wife and I ate here before seeing the Michael Jackson One show. We wanted a nice steak dinner that was located in Mandalay Bay so we wouldn't have to worry about rushing to the show. All and all it was an OK dinner.  The service was ok, a bit slow and it seemed like we had to find our server every time we wanted a drink. The complimentary trio fries were delicious, like many have said on here. I ordered the bone in rib eye, cooked medium and it was good.  My wife ordered the halibut and she said it was ok.  We shared the mac and cheese, which we enjoyed very much.  The baked potato was pretty darn tasty.   The ahi tuna and hamachi poppers appetizer were yummy. My wife and I both agree that we enjoyed the sides and appetizer more then the main entrees.  For drinks, we were also given a digital drink menu via ipad, which I thought was a great idea since drink menu's change so frequently. I ordered a Corona and my wife ordered the Cucumber Martini, which she absolutely loved.  I would rate this place at about 3.5 stars, but round up to 4 stars. For a $250 meal, we expected better service and food. I probably would not dine there again, since there are so many other places to eat that offer superior service and food.
I really, really, (and pause.........), really did not like my dinner.  The complimentary fries while were a nice touch, but I am picky about my seasoning and didn't like any of the three flavors (truffle, garlic, oak seasoning).  I know, I know, that's on me--I am the minority on the truffle and garlic thing.  But it's who I am, let's work through it.  I hated the salad dressing and they put relish on my burger after requesting it be left off.   A complete honest mistake I know, but when a hamburger is $25 it needs to come out perfect.  They took it off without issue, but dinner was not satisfying.  I was sad.
As with the other Michael Mina spot in Vegas we visited (American Fish), we only went for Happy Hour ... DAMN!  Definitely will try for dinner next time.  Our cocktails were great, as were the blue cheese and bacon sliders.  The salmon poppers were fantastic, as was the hummus with the grilled pita bread.  Bartender was very attentive and very knowledgeable.  Overall great experience.
Michael Mina was nowhere to be found here. I used to love Michael's food, this was not Michael at all.  The quality of the protein was poor, the fish was dry and over done, the scallops were gritty and the burger was less than average. The restaurant is very loud and not easy for discussions at your table.  I will say the service was great and the truffle French fries were amazing. The food overall however was a big disappointment.  Michael Mina prices but Dennys quality food.  So sad.
If you're willing to fork out the money -- you too can taste the best steak and lobster bisque on the planet.
08/03/2013

We sat at  the bar, King Crab legs, to start, ribeye and steak tartare, cocktails and wine, everything was perfect as usual, Nice Job! We will be back!
Another wonderful meal in Vegas! We came here to celebrate my stepmom's birthday and everything was fantastic! Our waiter was awesome, the drinks were superb, the food was top notch, and the ambiance was great! No complaints about Stripsteak at all.

For cocktails I highly recommend the Cucumber Martini and the Moscow Mule. Both of those drinks were phenomenal. Their drink menu is an iPad with a really cool interface that allows you to easily browse all their drinks.

We were served complimentary fries upon our arrival, since there were five of us, they brought two servings of them. All the fries are cooked in duck fat and seasoned differently, I know for sure one was truffle, but I don't recall the others. The dipping sauces were great, one was truffle, one was mustard, and the other I don't remember, but everything was delish.

I split the lobster bisque with my stepmom, so they gave each of us a small bowl. My favorite lobster bisque was at Craftsteak, but they can move over, because my new favorite is at Stripsteak. Love, love, loved this bisque! 

I ordered the grilled diver scallops, which were delicious and reasonable. Four large scallops for under $40 is a pretty good deal, especially in Vegas. They are mesquite grilled and they were wonderful. 

I sampled everybody else's food, all of it was amazing!

Halibut - Also mesquite grilled, light touch of lemon. Perfect.
King Crab Legs - Served with drawn butter and lemon, and they removed the shells for my sister in law, very nice of them!
Dry Aged Bone-In Ribeye - Only one person ordered steak at the steakhouse, lol, but it was one of the best ribeye's I have ever tasted. I would get that if I come again.
American Wagyu Burger - Awesome burger with a really good mustard flavor to it.

For sides we shared the Truffled Mac & Cheese with Peas, Potato Gratin with Gouda Sauce, and the Creamed Corn with Jalapeno. All amazing. The portions appeared to be pretty small, but they were actually perfect considering all the other food we had, we ended up leaving some of the sides behind.

For dessert with ordered the Beignets with the trio of sauces. We were given six light, airy, hot beignets with a very scotchy butterscotch sauce, a creme brulee sauce, and a chocolate pudding sauce. Mmmmm, I would come back to this restaurant just to get dessert again!

Dinner was $600 after tip, for five people, lots of cocktails, entrees, sides and dessert. Pricey, but about what to expect when you come to a nice steakhouse in Vegas. I hope to dine here again someday!
Stopped by Michael Mina's StripSTEAK with a sales guy of mine about 2 weeks back. I was simply in the mood for a great steak, and just picked out one of the many steakhouses that I've yet to try in Vegas. It's located in the Mandalay Bay hotel, and the layout/ambiance goes for hip over comfortable. 
Apps: we went light with a couple of salads to start
Entrees: he got the filet, which he enjoyed. I ordered the Wagyu filet, with was completely underwhelming. It was just decent, and I was hoping for amazing.  On a night when I was in a big steak mood, it was a letdown. 
Sides: Mac n cheese was pretty awesome, and the sautéed spinach was good.
When I think of the most disappointing meal in my life I think of Stripsteak. I was really excited to go. I gave it two stars instead of one because the foie gras sliders and the duck fat fries were good. 

The steak was VERY greasy and not good at all you think paying $80 for a steak it would be amazing. But no. I would rather eat a steak at some chain restaurant. 

Our bill was $350 for 2 appetizers, 2 steaks, 2 sides and 2 drinks and tip. Thankfully I had a $50 restaurant.com certificate. 

I would never go back and was very disappointed in the execution. Also the waitress was not attentive and she added an automatic 18% since I used the restaurant.com certificate which is tacky.
Four of us went to dinner here on a Friday night.  We were seated quickly and greeted by our waiter who left us the wine list and then did not return for at least 15 minutes.  We finally got up to ask for help and then our order was taken.  An hour later our first course was brought out and 30 minutes after that we received our main course.  So, in a place where our meal for four (with their 3 course special and a bottle of wine) cost $400 it took an hour and a half to eat.  The place was not full and we saw our waiter only about 4 times throughout that hour and a half.  We did complain to the manager who comped part of our meal, although she seemed to think the wait was not excessive.  The food was also not up to par for the cost.  Two people ordered the rib-eye and both were disappointed.  The other two ordered the filet mignon which was much better. I can only afford places this expensive occasionally, but I have been to several others at the same price point and quality/service was exceptional.  So, I would not return here.  There are many better places elsewhere to get good steaks for this price in Vegas.
Good ambiance but like most restaurants in Las Vegas, overpriced.  And underwhelming. Don't mind spending $$$ on good food but this left something to be desired. Trying to minimize my red meat intake, I got the seared ahi tuna and market fresh salad. Salad was ok but doused in dressing which overwhelmed the plate. Greens were fresh. Tuna was good but for $41 I was expecting a little more... 

My friend got the Wagyu-style beef (8 oz). He was disappointed he spent $81 on an "ok" piece of beef. 

Best thing was the complimentary duck fat fries in 3 sauces.  

Overall I think there are better options for your $$$ in Vegas.
Ummm....what didn't I eat here? Not sure because I practically died of food coma afterwards. Please don't judge our fattiness....here we go!

1) Cucumber Martini: Like no other martini I've ever had. Uses cucumber infused vodka!!

2) Shellfish Tasting: Maine Lobster, King crab, shrimp, clam, oysters. This all disappeared in about five seconds.

3) Duck Fat Fries:All delicious, my fav of the trio was the herb.

4) Mac & Cheese:Not too cheesy, perfect blend of cheese / mac / and truffle

5) Creamed Corn: I've made this from the recipe Cook, Taste, Eat by MM. Um...it's 10x more fantastic in person.

6) Potato Puree Trio: My personal fav was the lobster. Sour cream & Onion, and Horseradish were close seconds.

7) Spicy Zucchini: I've always had this with cucumber, but zucchini was unique! Similar to Korean side dishes, very good.

8) Grilled Asparagus: Can't ever go wrong with grilled veggies in my opinion.

9) Heirloom Tomato Salad:
Burrata, ember roasted tomato vinaigrette. Delicious. Running out of things to say how good it all is.

Main Entree:
8OZ Rib eye. So good. But I definitely eyeballed my friend's 14OZ bone in fillet (special of the day) 
Half Lobster - Grilled. 

DESSERTS!!!!
1) Beignets served with: Maccallan 18 Yr Butterscotch Pudding / Vanilla Cremem brulee / and Chocolate Pot de Creme

2) Smores Bar: Smores. in a Bar form. 

3) Dunking Donuts: Dipping sauces: Salty Caramel, Jasmine Chocolate, Caramel Ice Cream

4) Mascarpone Cheesecake: Harry's berries, Basil, Pistachio Streusel....could not take another bite..

I think that's all. I can't remember anymore at this point, lol.
This is a lovely steak house located in Mandalay Bay with great decor, excellent service, and a classy ambiance.  So why 2 stars?  Quite frankly, our steaks were incorrectly prepared.

First some background: I make a middling 5 figure salary, so I can't afford to eat $60 steaks very often.  But when I do, it's usually worth every penny.  I've happily dropped $300 on a single meal because it's difficult to find world-class beef that is expertly aged and prepared.

I ordered the ribeye medium and my fiancee had the filet mignon medium-well (each is currently $59), we had the spicy zucchini and asparagus sides, and we ordered two glasses of Michael Mina's cabernet.  When our steaks arrived, I was bitterly disappointed to find that my ribeye was overcooked, somewhere between medium-well and well-done (no trace of pink whatsoever), while my fiancee's filet was completely well-done.  

Our vegetable sides were about quantity over quality: I'm not sure how many fistfuls of zucchini and asparagus is customary for two people, but the zucchini was hardly spicy and the asparagus was elementary.  I'm certain I could've made either side at home blindfolded.

All the work that goes into designing and executing such a beautiful restaurant flies out the window the instant the chef overcooks your steak.  When the apex of your evening on the town is your dinner, and the keystone of your dinner is your incorrectly prepared steak, it puts a damper on your mood.  I am not one to send back food, mostly because it irreparably throws off the timing of the meal, but when I mentioned to our server the problem with our steaks, she informed us that lately customers had been complaining that their steaks were undercooked.  She had received authorization from the manager to give us complimentary desserts, but we declined.

Please keep in mind that the quality of the beef was superb, and the pacing of the meal was comfortable.  We were treated very well, and the wine was satisfying.  This review is not about the price nor the value for your money.  It is simply about two overcooked steaks and two underwhelming sides.  At this level, there is no room for error.
Very good blackened steak, considering I was not expecting it to come out blackened service was excellent although manager was a little frustrating considering I was told I could bring in my outside drink and then half way through my meal he changed his mind and didn't want it on the table.  My husband doesn't normally like blackened steak but he was even pleasantly surprised.
Everything was wonderful! Great servers and awesome food. Wish I could have eaten all of it. Coffee and desserts were so tasty. Learned about fingerling limes.
Stripsteak is solid.  Been here about a dozen times and never had a bad meal.  Service is quality and they can correctly cook a steak.  Duck fat fries are definitely worth ordering.
Went with 6 guys here for dinner to celebrate a bachelor's party dinner.

Pros:
- They give you complementary fries.
- Prime rib bone in was very nice.  2 of the guys ordered it and it was delicious.
- Seafood sampler:  Oyster was very fresh, clam was a bit fishy, lobster/shrimp was good.
- Wagu Burger (medium rare) was delicious.
- Petite Filet was delicious as well.


Cons:
- My Kansas city steak (New York Steak) was not good.  Had to send it back.  They gave me a refund so at least customer service was good.  
- My friend's chicken was dry and not good.
- Grill Fois Gras had a very weird taste to it.  Not as buttery and seemed like it was just seared on the outside make the inside a bit undercooked.

Overall:
I expected a little more to this restaurant for the price.  We just had too many letdowns from our orders to give this even a 3 star.  I had to struggle to give it 3 stars but the customer service was good enough to give it a 3 star.
We went to the Oddball comedy fest and decided to give STRIPSTEAK a try. My wallet and I both wished we had chosen a different restaurant. 

Wait time: 3 (Our reservation was at 5:30 thus were seated quickly, but the wait for the food was a bit long)
Service: 4
Food: 2.5
Prices: 1 (If I could give it a 0, then it would be a 0. The food was not worth the price)
I must admit to being totally underwhelmed with our dining experience at Strip Steak, Mandalay Bay.

Firstly the time between ordering and receiving our food was lengthy  although the restaurant didn't appear to be very full. When  we did receive our dinner,  nothing was piping hot. 

I had the chop and I think it was probably the blandest piece of meat I have ever eaten.  Totally devoid of any flavor what so ever.  My companions who both ordered the Filet Mignon, found they were  satisfactory but neither completely finished their steaks as they just weren't that good. 
 
The duck fat fries were delicious, truffle mac and cheese was okay.  The asparagus was nice, but the mushrooms were cold.  The selection of desserts was poor although the cheese cake was very light and delicious. 

 As I said a totally underwhelming dining experience.   Frankly I would have been disappointed if I we had eaten this meal at a steakhouse with a mid range price point but this meal cost over $400.00. 
I would recommend skipping Strip Steak if you wish to avoid being disappointed.
I went here with the family before watching a show. Instead of bread, we were given complimentary duck fat fries trio: truffle oil fries, garlic herb fries and Cajun fries with truffle aioli, ketchup and Cajun sauce. Amazing! I had to tell my family the truffle fries and truffle aioli weren't good so I can have them to myself. 

We had a wagyu filet, wagyu rib eye, wagyu rib cap, spinach, corn, potato purée trio and beignets with trio of sauces. Trio trio trio everything!

Maine Lobster Fritters:
3 lobster fritters with bacon. You wrap the fritter in shiso leaf and remove the skewer then dip the fritter in the meyer lemon creme fraiche. The bacon and shiso flavors were so strong, I couldn't taste the lobster. 3/5

8oz Wagyu Filet, 8oz Wagyu Rib Eye and 8oz Wagyu Rib Cap:
Delicious, tender, juicy and simply seasoned beef. All cooked medium-rare so you can enjoy the taste of good steak without the shenanigans. Each wagyu is about $70-75 but is worth it. 4.5/5

Creamed Corn and Creamed Spinach:
The corn has jalapeno so it has a bit of a kick. The spinach has bacon streusel so it has a smokey flavor to it. 4/5

Potato Puree Trio:
Pureed potatoes three-ways: horseradish, lobster and sour cream and onion. The best one of of the three was the sour cream and onion then the horseradish and last was lobster. I wish the lobster potato puree has bits of lobster in it...it just seemed like a very thick lobster bisque that needed more oomph! But overall, this trio was nice and creamy. 4/5

Beignets:
6 beignets. We got the trio of sauces: Macallan 18 year butterscotch pudding, vanilla creme brulee and chocolate pot de creme. I wasn't sure why they called it "sauces" since the creme brulee and pot de creme were oh-so thick to be dipping sauces. The only sauce I used to dip the beignets in was the butterscotch pudding which really tasted like alcohol. I had to eat the creme brulee and pot de creme as individual desserts.  The beignets were perfect. Warm, light and a bit fluffy. 4/5

Service was good and we made it to our show right on time.
Ate here for a client dinner.  Service was fine and food was good - not great.  Filet lacked any spice, and no salt on the table!  Sides were decent.  Duck fat fries make up for any negatives though.

Would likely look elsewhere next time.
I cannot really express how great an experience we had here.  When we arrived the restaurant wasn't open yet, so we say at the bar for about 20 minutes... Turned out the Bartender grew up on the same street at me!  He was extremely friendly and remembered our names even with a bar full of people!  

Once we were sat in the dining area, our waitress guided us through picking the perfect steaks and we were given complementary duck fat fries... Amazing! Best fries I've ever had.

Now onto the steak.  Call me sheltered, but I honestly thought steak was steak. Boy, was I wrong!  The steaks were fantastic, cooked exactly the way I asked. No sauces needed. I didn't think steak could be so good.

While some people may be put off by the fact that the sides are not included in the hefty price of the steak, they are family style and a very large portion.  We got the onion rings (skinny, crunchy, amazing) and the Mac and cheese (creamy, hint of garlic, and truffle) I know I've over used amazing... But, damn! What else can I say! I whole recommend.
Duck fat fries, brussels, truffle mac, filet...all amazing!
I thought this steakhouse was really good, my only issue is that I hate restaurants where everyone passing by can watch you eat.  I do like a little privacy, but other than that little issue I feel the food is really good and the servers have always been extremely polite.

Steaks of course are their specialty and for sides I recommend the mac n cheese.  If you are a wine person then make sure and ask you server to bring over the wine expert and you will be really satisfied with their expertise in fine and food pairings.

Keep up the good work and will see you next year for sure.
We came here with the MGM execs and they hosted our dinner with patically everything on the menu, steaks were well aged, sides were as expected of Michael Mina. Delicious.

Must orders: appetizers wagyu satay or tartar, lobster fritter or bisque dont forget the foie gras slidders. 

Main, dry ages bone in rib eye, american wagyu rib cap, of course a5 japanese wagyu enhanced with grilled foie gras, king crab or just top any steak with foie gras butter. Why not? 

Sides spicy zucchini, smoked mushrooms and bone marrow. 

Deserts: everything..we literally had everything. 

A true perk when you work for an event company, the restaurant sites. They serve you only the best on the menu, at this place they served everything and everything is the best.
I really enjoyed myself tonight at Stripsteak!  Great service and the Rib Cap was one for the ages!  Cooked perfectly!  I highly recommend it.  Also, they give you complimentary french fries cooked in duck fat.  The flavor is amazing!!
I really wanted to like this place but the service is want made me dislike it.  We came here to celebrate our anniversary.  We were seated quickly.  Our waiter looked like he was stressed or too occupied in helping us.  We started off with Crab cakes which my husband liked.  There was a flavor in the crab cake I did not like.  I ended up ordering Japanese Wagyu Beef Satay as my meal.  My husband ordered a steak.  We also ordered  a baked potato to accompany our meal.  After close to 45 minutes we wondering where our meals were as it seemed everyone around us were getting theirs.  Finally after close to a hour, our food comes out.  I took my first bite and my Beef Satay was ice cold.  My husband's steak was cold but the baked potato was hot?  Odd?  We flagged down another waiter as ours just wasn't attentive.  The waiter immediately took our meals back and we waited not even 10 minutes when our order came back out.  My Satay was piping hot and delicious.  The black pepper soy glaze was just perfect.  My husband's steak came out but the baked potato didn't come out.  While we're almost done with our meal our baked potato comes out.  Seriously???  We ended up returning the baked potato.  We ended our meal with the beignets which were really good.  We would have enjoyed our experience here if our service was better.
If you like great steakhouses like Ruth's Chris, Morton's or The Palm, you won't like Stripsteak. One of the worst steak meals we've ever had. Service was very slow, took 45 min to get out raw oysters and a salad, and an hour and a half for a medium rare steak. Steak was not tender and very plain...grocery store steaks have more flavor. Please don't waste your time or money on this very over-hyped steakhouse.
This is the steak place for you if you want truly good food, without all the pretentious, posh BS. Last night was our second visit and it didn't disappoint. My wife had the ribeye and it was very good as always. I had heard about the burger and though it wasn't on the menu, I asked the waiter if they could make it and it wasn't a problem. I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to burgers, so it's not easy to say this, but that was one of the best burgers I've had in a very long time.

The sides... OMG... Always good. The Duck Fat Fries were very good, the Asiago Mac n Cheese was great, and the Au Gratin Potatoes were extraordinary!

Didn't have dessert this time, but we did have a glass of Michael Mina's house Cabernet and it was quiet good too.

Just a note for those of you who think you need to spend $100 or more for a steak, we went to Joel Robuchon the night before, and the $185 steak wasn't half as good as the $59 steak here!
What we had:

-Yellowtail Sashimi- good but not great
-Lobster Bisque- a letdown, very very small portion, not much lobster and really not that great for $19

Steak: 
-30oz Porterhouse: damn fine steak
-American Wagyu Rib Cap: this was very very good.  so tender, very tasty.  

Sides:
-Onion rings: good but not amazing
-mac and cheese: letdown, had high expectations but really not that cheesy, and sorta plain tasting even with the truffle
-Potato puree- meh, wasn't anything special and they all sorta tasted the same even though it was a "trio"
-brussel sprouts - these were VERY good then again everything with bacon is
-fries- our first order was cold, 2nd order was hot but of course they charged us anyways for the 2nd order

Dessert:
Beignets: the 3 sauces were delish as were the donuts

I guess when it comes down to it - it's vegas and Michael Mina - it's going to be overpriced and somewhat of a let down.  

The service was ok but nothing special and the place is REALLY loud and crowded - def don't go there for a romantic dinner but kind of a cool spot for big group with a big wallet

I'd give i

Chris Darmanin | LivingSocial | Product, Internal Tools | chris@livingsocial.com
This place has good food, good service, and a good environment.  Our group was sat near the window that looks into the kitchen.  It was cool to see the process.

For my meal I ordered the filet mignon medium rare.  It came out as ordered.  The meat had good flavor.  You can distinctly taste the wood it is cooked on.  It is not my first choice, but it was good none the less.  It was tender and juicy.

The sides are served family style.  I tried the crispy potato cakes.  They were very good.  The scallion creme fraiche added some good flavor as well.

For dessert I ordered the beignets with 18 year old Macallan butterscotch pudding.  The beignets were very good.  They did not have as much powdered sugar as Cafe Du Monde, but were at least as good in flavor.  The butterscotch pudding was very good as well.  The Macallan shot gave it some added depth and a little kick.

This is a good steak option, especially if you like the wood flavor cooked into your steak.
Duck fat fries: YES!!
Market greens: nice light start with a delicious crumble
6 oz American Wagyu "eye": 
Broccolini: 
Mac and Cheese:
The best all-around steakhouse I have ever had the pleasure of eating at.  

It is hip and stylish with premium appointments all around you.  Fine dining meals and detail oriented serving but at the same time very casual.  Come as you are to STRIPSTEAK.

I have eaten here a dozen or more times over a period of about 5 years.  In my opinion, steak does not get better than this.

This last visit, I had the pleasure of meeting Chef Gerald Chin.  He talked with me for almost a half hour about the kitchen and showed me a couple cool tricks too.  I was very impressed...he is a super nice guy.

You can get some really massive Wagyu here, but for me the high end stuff is way out of my price range.  The most expensive steak I have had here is the Kobe A5, which I was not impressed with anyway.

The signature steak is the Kobe Rib Cap, now market price because Mina probably depleted the whole worlds supply. It was about $80 before, but you can expect to pay between 80 and 100 now.  This is butter poached and then finished on a wood fire.  Truly amazing.  They have immersion heaters that keep clarified butter at poaching temperature.  When an order comes up they just take one out of the bath and grill the outside...so the level of doneness is determined by the immersion heater, not the grill.  This guarantees you will always get a steak cooked perfectly to your desired temperature.

My favorite appetizer was the foie gras sliders...but sadly they are no more.  There are tons of pics of them to see if you want.  

I got to taste a new dish (it just rolled out the night I went there) which was a trio of foie gras.  There was a seared piece on top of gingerbread, a financier of foie (small french cake), and a miso-poached torchon.  All were topped with a piece of quince and some sprinkled hazelnuts.  Such an amazing dish.

If you are in Vegas, I highly recommend you make your dinner reservations here.
This place was absolutely tops. One of the best steaks I have ever had and one of the best all around meals I have ever had.

We made reservations for a Friday at 6 pm but we didn't need to as it was pretty dead. It picked up later but definitely not full like I thought it would have been.

As you would expect in Vegas, it was very stylish and beautiful and grand, with big comfy seats and huge wooden tables, a big open kitchen to see through, yadda yadda. The service was very friendly and nice without the super posh annoyingness that you get at some places (you know what I'm talking about). Our server was helpful and cool and he had a team of backups to help him out, all of whom were good as well.

There were seven of us and they kindly gave us some complimentary duck fat fries with some amazeballs dipping sauces. Seriously these were the best duck fat fries I have ever had. We then each ordered an entree and split up some appetizers. The appetizers - mac and cheese, creamed corn, potato puree, and some mushrooms. All of it was out of this world except the mushrooms, which was just regular damn good. I ended up with the angus filet mignon and it was also freakin delicious. The others at the table were equally impressed with their various entrees as I heard lots of mmmmms and ahhhhhss.

For drinks I got the sampler of scotches for $30 or something. So worth it. The meal total was over $800 or something, but there were no complaints. Just a bunch of very stuffed and happy customers.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas... If you could stomach the price tag.

wagyu ribeye cap (loved it)
truffle mac and cheese (loved it)
creme brulee beignets (really good)

started with the Malbec (good)
finished with the Michael mina cab (okay)


a must for people who love steak...
Their wagyu (Kobe Beef steak) is incredible. It's my second best favorite meal next to Bistro Paul Bert's steak frite in Paris, France. It's worth the every penny paid.
Reason:  Wife's Birthday
Time:  Dinner 9PM

Ambience/Atmosphere:  Great place for groups since one of the walls (with holes in it) share the lounge next door.  Wouldn't recommend for 2 person dining.  They used iPads as menus for the wine list.  Pretty cool     Although I wouldn't have minded a traditional menu. Place has a contemporary modern feel in which I can understand the use of the iPad. 

Staff:  Great staff.  Accommodated well. Had birthday card signed by staff members on the table. Made effort to attend to our needs as far as noise level.  Very attentive. 

Food:  Not the best for steak IMO. Ordered rib eye (not the wagyu) medium rare.  Had better steak at other high end steak houses. Rice pilaf was bland. Wife got 6 or 8oz filet. Ordered well done. Butterflied but still didn't come out well done. Had to send back to get cooked some more.  Comp'd fries were awesome. Came with 3 sauces. Each was unique and good.  Even had to use it for my steak (which I don't do often). 

Overall:  Maybe if I ordered the wagyu, it may have been better. I would come back only to see if the wagyu rib eye is worth the extra $$$. Which was approx $30? more for a 10oz less cut.
Like everyone else says, the duck fat fries were amazing. One of the sauces is ketchup-garlic like, another tastes like zingy sour cream and yummy goodness, and the third tasted like what the inside of a nail salon smells like. Not the polish, but everything else, and it was probably my favorite because it was so good!

I started with the prosciutto tart and while it was crumbly, it was light but still wowed me. to be honest, I was full by the end of having half of the tart. Those fries were seriously delicious! Why can't I buy those sauces anywhere?!

I ordered the filet mignon medium rare and it was easy to cut and easy to love. It had a cheesy taste to it and was delicious.

I tried two sides - the spinach soufflé and the baked potato. The baked potato was like any kind of baked potato I've ever had. It was so smooth, but still a potato, with all kinds of flavors. The soufflé had Parmesan sauce over it and it was very yummy. I personally liked the baked potato more than the soufflé.

The only downside was that we also ordered the mac n' cheese but never received it. It wasn't on the bill either so I guess it was just not so great communication. Other than that, our server was nice but looked like a bartender. However, the staff was excellent and my water was never to the bottom of the glass. I guess you can say that they kept me optimistic! I enjoyed the servers helping each other out in what appeared to be a team. I usually see people goofing off and talking too much in restaurants but this was really perfect.

My tastebuds were in shock by all the flavors. I can't wait to come here again in the future. Their bathroom sink was cool!
We go to a local hotel for Christmas every year. The night consists of a dinner and a show in that hotel. This year it was The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. The restaurant unfortunately was Stripsteak. The restaurant itself is nice and seated us immediately upon arrival. The server was quick and responsive. The problems began whenwe ordered. There were a number of items including baked potatoes that were not available this evening. This had to be a major faux pas on the part of the order department but totally affected our view of the place. They must have used up all their potatoes making French fries because that was what they bring in lieu of bread. Their special this evening was prime rib encrusted with a horseradish mix. This my wife ordered the special and it was way below par perhaps being the worst prime rib she has ever had. Nothing to do with the mix, the food was bland and hard to eat. The steak I had was good though. We had Brussels sprouts, which were sliced and blended with bacon, which was tasty. The potato scarcity coupled with the tasteless prime rib assured that we would not be back to this restaurant. A steakhouse with out baked potatoes is just not right. I say dressy in how one should show up but that usually does not happen anymore. Some of our fellow diners were dressed up while others were in sandals and shorts. The short of it is this is a restaurant in a resort and really does not have to live up to any expectations. The management definitely is aware of this fact. Sad because we had higher expectations going in.
Great place in Vegas to have steak! The rib cap was MP as 79 but it totally worthy it!!! Besides the side dishes are amazing!!! Highly recommended the mash potato. 3 diff layer flavor with lobster sauce and garlic. Love that!!
For a hyped celebrity restaurant, just okay.  The service and food were solid, but I don't think they lived up to the hype or the price.
Probably the best steak I have ever had. I ate here Last night for my birthday and it was amazing. I had the 8 oz rib cap and it just melted in my mouth. Our server Sean was awesome and made some real solid recommendations.  We started at the bar before dinner and Monica hooked up some real solid cocktails and was very nice.  All in all just a first class experience and made my birthday dinner just perfect.
Ohh duck fat fries!!! Yes I am a fan. Perfectly cooked steak and sides of cream spinach , yummo, this is fantastic. The service is great, food is always prepared just right, and the atmosphere is pleasant and it is not to loud here, yahh!!!
My husband and I have a tradition of ending our Vegas trips with a steak dinner and this place was the next on our places to try. We were seated right on time for our reservation at a private table towards the back. They give each table a trio of duck fat fries with three different dipping sauces on the house. It was a nice touch since we didn't order an appetizer. 

We ordered:

30oz Porterhouse: It was a good size and since I'm not much of a meat person, my husband had to take care of the majority of it. The meat was perfectly cooked albeit a bit under-seasoned. 

Potato puree trio: Such a cute presentation and a perfect side for spud lovers. The potatoes were pureed to creamy perfection but the flavors weren't very potent. The lobster mash wasn't as decadent  as Mastros, and the sour cream and onion tasted like plain mashed potatoes. The horseradish had a nice kick to it and was my favorite of the bunch.

Brussel sprouts: We read it had bacon lardon mixed in and we were sold. The smoky flavor of the bacon complemented the shredded brussel sprouts nicely. 

We also ordered a bottle of Cabernet and it was our first time seeing the sommelier pour a little bit out  to taste for himself before presenting it to us. 

The server was attentive but not intrusive. Good ambiance, not crowded, quiet, dim lighting, typical fancy steakhouse vibe. Although we did enjoy our experience here, with so many great steakhouses in Vegas, it's hard to say when would come back.
Great service, very good entrees. The duck fat fries appetizer was amazing.

I was pretty disappointed in the sides, I thought they were average. We had the mac and cheese and the onion rings, these were mediocre and of course very expensive, which is the how these super pricey steak houses get you.

I had the American Wagyu rib cap and my wife had the lobster. Both were cooked to perfection and about the equal of any other extremely expensive steak houses around, such as Capital Grille or Ruth's Chris.

Good, but didn't really stand out as something special in a sea of quality steak houses. 

Overall I'd say the best reason to go is actually for the delicious fancy fries, and if you happen to be in the area, the steaks are wonderful.
You would think that a "high-end" restaurant that serves steak would give you a better selection of breads before dinner than basic "store looking" dinner rolls with butter splashed on top. I also would've thought that a filet mignon would've been good enough to eat sans steak sauce. But I was disappointed. Plus, to add insult to injury, they charge $6 for steak sauce! Save your money, get room service or McDonald's!
I've eaten at Stripsteak a number of times as I've visited Las Vegas for work. The steaks are great and the ambience is modern and full of energy. 

The steaks themselves are high quality and I haven't been disappointed with any of my choices. The sides are good and service is great. 

You can't go wrong eating at Stripsteak.
One of my favorite places to grab steaks when I am in Vegas.  I always get the bone in rib eye -- flame kissed.  The steak is good. 

I also got the kale salad which was awesome. The Maine crab was so so. 

The atmosphere is great and the staff is hot. Definitely a place to take ur date when u r in Vegas.
My husband and I had dinner here with another couple and it was fabulous!  We started with cocktails at the bar, and were really pleased with the variety and creativity of drinks offered.  Definitely a great spot to come back to before a show.

After being seated by the friendly hostess we were greeted with a complimentary french fry trio (YUM!!!!!), and then started off with the Oysters.  They were delicious.  Just briny enough to please any palate, and the cocktail sauce had an awesome kick to it.  The sommelier was helpful in choosing a wine, and I definitely recommend asking him for a recommendation based on what you are eating.  Following the appetizer we had salads, which were crisp and beautifully presented.  Ordering one to split among two people is more than enough, and they are happy to divide the salad between two plates for you (always a nice touch).

For entrees two people in our party had steaks (filet and ribeye, I believe), and two had seafood entrees.  The meat-eaters said that the steaks were some of the best they had ever had, and the seafood dishes were cooked perfectly and extremely flavorful.  For sides we had one order of truffle mac and cheese to share, and it was plenty for four people.  The entrees also come with a small garnish of potato and carrot, so everyone was definitely full by the end of the meal.  

Overall we will definitely be visiting Stripsteak again!  The waiter was excellent, and the service was highly attentive - just what you come to expect from a high end steakhouse in Vegas.  Cheers!
We come to Vegas at least once a year and we always make time to have a meal at StripSteak. The absolute most amazing piece of beef you will ever taste is the Wagyu Cap Steak, it's melt in your mouth do the happy dance good!!!  The creamed spinach can be a meal in itself with bacon and cream. We cannot stress enough how wonderful this meal was.
My husband and I went here for Restaurant Week last August. The pluses are that the customer service was very good and they gave us complimentary appetizers (trio of fries with 3 sauces). However, being that it is a steak house, the steak was just not very good. It was chewy and something I would not want to eat again. So I won't be going back to STRIPSTEAK. Also, it is very expensive if you go when it is not RW.
The wife and I met a friend of mine for dinner at Stripsteak on a Monday night.  We were very familiar with Michael Mina's steakhouse concept having enjoyed his Bourbon Steak, one of our favorite places in DC, on multiple occasions.  As a result, we had high expectations for Stripsteak.  Stripsteak occupies an open, modern-looking, high-ceilinged, well-lit space along Restaurant Row in Mandalay Bay.  Since we had early reservations at 6pm, the dining room was virtually empty except for us.  Given that we practically had the place to ourselves, the service was solid and our food came out expeditiously, hot and fresh throughout our meal.

Our meal started out with Mina's signature amuse of Duck Fat Fries with a trio of dipping sauces.  The fries were hot and crispy.  They were a nice prelude to our meal, but still...just fries.  Stripsteak's strength is in its wood-fire grilled proteins.  I had the 8 oz. American Wagyu Rib Cap, medium rare.  My rib cap came out cooked precisely to my requested doneness, seasoned with restraint with only salt and pepper, was fork tender, and was, not unexpectedly, wonderfully juicy and flavorful.  It was the perfect treatment of this treasured cut of meat.  We shared orders of the Roasted Wild Mushrooms and Mac & Cheese with black truffle sides.  The mushrooms, a mix of maitake, oyster, and possibly another variety, were earthy, tender, and possessed subtle smoky notes from the wood-fire roasting.  The mac & cheese possessed distinct but balanced truffle flavor.  It was a solid and enjoyable upscale rendition of a comfort food staple.

Stripsteak served up an excellent meal that lived up to our expectations.  As steak joints go, it held its own with Las Vegas' best steakhouses.  It's not for the budget-conscious, but thankfully on this evening, my buddy picked up the tab.  4.5 stars!
Expected more from this steakhouse.  Our waitress was very nice but service was so slow.  It felt like an eternity waiting for our main course.  Also, the restaurant is pretty noisy with loud music coming from next door.  
America's oysters and the sea bass dish were good.  My 8 Oz. Wagyu filet was decent.  Our check came out to $180.  Should have paid a little more for Craftsteak.
The salad was great but from there it went down hill. Service wasn't very good and we went at 6 pm. They charge for refill on soda, really $60 steak and have to pay for refill. Steak had a bad taste to it. Semi warm.
Amazing. Amazing Amazning. 

I have been here 3 times and each time has been stellar! I have had the filet, the sea bass and the flank steak and all were just delicious. The wood fired grill really gives the steaks a unique flavor. The mushrooms....just to die for.

The best and most amazing part (if you ask me) are the frits you get (for free) as starters. They all have individual dips too. Nom nom. 

The service is impeccable as well. I have a background as a waitress, so I always like to see how the waiters take orders, etc. I don't get to say this too often, but they were on point. 

The martinis are made to perfection. The restaurant's ambiance is gorgeous and of course it's in Vegas, which is our favorite vacation destination spot!
Good food - VERY PRICEY THOUGH. Honestly, it's just steak & fish....are they sprinkling magic dust or S&P on it back there? Look, I GET the allure of a Vegas trip and the overpriced eatery - I get it, really!! But compared to MANY MANY other meals I've had, it was decent - not magical and earth shattering. If you go here, be prepared for a long wait and high prices. It does have nice atmosphere and an extensive assortment of wines....and good food .....
Rarely give a 5 star rating.
This steakhouse had superb food.
Excellent service, great ambiance, and awesome steaks!

Our whole experience was excellent (once we got past the snooty little girls who seated us)     Our waiter and his fellow staff were first class.

The mixed appetizers and entrées were some of the very best I have ever eaten. 
Their beef was cooked perfectly to our requests, the side dishes all of a very high standard.

When back in Vegas, will be dining there again!
I live for the night
I live for the lights
I live for the high til I'm free fallin'
I live for the night at...STRIPSTEAK! - Krewella (live for the night)

I wasn't able to go to Stripsteak last time I was here but I was delighted that I got to come this past visit. It's a very little thing, but offering complimentary duck fat fries is fun and I appreciate something different. It was one of the selling points in addition to Michael Mina that attracted me here. 

Let's start with the good. The Wagyu rib cap was amazing and super tender. I'd recommend this steak hands down to anyone that dines here. The lobster fritters and wagyu satay appetizers were tasty too. They come in a set of three, which is kind of odd but maybe it goes with their theme along with the three types of fries and three dipping sauces that came with them. The Loup de Mer, which is an european seabass (skin attached), was worth ordering as well.

The not so good. I kind of wish the fries came in a more timely matter. If they came before we finished ordering, that would've been more appropriate. There were just too many different servers for our table and it just felt out of place. They had someone walking around with fries, then another person take our order, then another person who cleared our plates after the appetizers, then one of them came back to set up our table for dessert. Also, the timing of when all the food came out was out of sorts. The fries came a while after we ordered, but then it took even longer to get the appetizers out. I understand steak restaurants take a long time to get it right, but it felt inordinately long for the entrees even when the server said it was coming anytime now. I also could've went without the potato puree and spicy zuchinni side dishes, just didn't seem to put much effort here. The cuts of the zuchinni were amateurish imo. 

I would be extremely happy to come here for a cup of water and their wagyu steak.
Nothing to say, just great food, the steak was like a piece of butter and the cocktails are ingenious, original and delicious.  Try the fries with the truffle sauce, you cant stop eating them!
Stripsteak is in the Mandalay Bay/THEhotel complex, and offered an excellent steak and Martini experience. My wife was satisfied with the glass of Cab she selected off of the (iPad!) wine list, which was fairly robust. 

The Rib Eye was very tasty and served at a proper temperature, and the foi gras was delectable. The sides were just okay, and I wouldn't recommend the mac and cheese, which was watery. 

I would recommend the service which was attentive and knowledgable. Also, the duck fat fries however were awesome. Overall I would recommend Stripsteak and would go back again.
Amazing,  amazing!!!!  My wife and I went to Stripsteak to celebrate our anniversary.  I made a reservation online and made a note of our special occasion.  When we were seated, there was a hand written card from the staff wishing us Happy Anniversary.   Nice touch! 

The food was great!  We both never had dry aged steak before but after this experience, we will not have our steaks any other way.  They were well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  I just wish they offered their signature 75 day dry aged tomahawk steak.  I guess it's another chance for me to go back.
We were pretty disappointed with almost everything at this restaurant. It was pretty noisy and my husband and I were sat at a table where we had to sit across from each other. We could barely hear each other due to the noise. Our server was nice, the problem was that the service itself sucked. Everything took forever!! I ordered a cocktail which didn't even arrive until after our appetizer. When my steak came out it wasn't just rare... It was raw and I had ordered it medium. My husband had also ordered the same steak prepared the same way and was done eating before my steak came back out. Even after being cooked longer it still came out hardly even warm. The best part of the whole meal was the cheesecake. So I'd have to say the only reason I'm giving 2 stars is the cheesecake and the nice server.
Got the bone-in ribeye.  Nicely seasoned, however my steak had way too much fat compared to other bone-in ribeyes.  Free duck fries is always good!  The mushroom side dish was excellent.  Came here for an early Saturday dinner with no reservation and was seated right away.
To give you an impression of how good this "steak" restaurant is...I ordered the pork.  I was here with a couple of buddies and we were all hopeful for a spectacular meal. 
Mind you the food wasn't horrible, but the experience of a steak house was completely null and void. If I wanted food court atmosphere and noise, I would have opted for the McDonald's McRib and saved myself $130.  
Additionally, when I sit down at a famous chefs restaurant, make sure I don't have the capability to make better side dishes or steaks (from what I gather none of the guys who had steak enjoyed it) at home. And for the prices that are charged, offering me a 'french fry' sampler 'compliments of the house' was pretty tacky...don't give ketchup a fancy name in the hopes I'd never had ketchup before and didn't know what it tasted like. 
Oh, and pay no attention to the dress code because the staff doesn't. You could easily wear a basketball jersey at the bar and if you show up at just the right time, they let you wear basketball shorts and t-shirts to dine there. Really fancied up the place....
At least the waiter was nice...I guess it makes a up for everything else, right? no.
Oh my gosh!  Best steak ever.  My husband go the wagyu filet mignon and I got the 4 large scallops and as sides we got mac & cheese and mushrooms.  There is no need to use a knife to cut the steak and mac & cheese truffle flavor was to die for.  Its very expensive but I can see why because of the quality of the food.  This is definitely a treat if you want to go on a fancy dinner and spluge.
We ordered the Neyers Char, 2009 which was great  will try to buy it at Metro Market at home  Duck Spring Rolls were highly recommended and did not disappoint. Also had the Lobster Fritters as an appetizer. Another winner. We ordered the Kobe Ribcap Steak which was recommend by our server, Glenn.
I have been to as many Michael Mina steak restaurants as possible after falling in love with Bourbon Steak in DC. I mean they give you French fries instead of bread- what's not to like? That being said I would say my experience at the Vegas restaurant was slightly worse than in DC or SF but I am a Niles Crane-esque nitpicker so don't let that deter you. Also, Stripsteak is in the Mandalay Bay which makes it a bit easier to get a table/reservation on the weekends as its not nearly as popular a hotel as it once was (something that also lends to the Border Grill brunch). There are like 3 negative reviews where the people say " I can make food better than this"- I'm not sure if they all climbed out of the same clown car together but if they can actually make better food they are in the wrong industry. 


The Steak

I always get a bone in ribeye when I first go to a steak place as a basis of comparison with other restaurants. The ribeye here is a bit smaller than usual (18 oz vs usual 22 or more) and I actually think the meat was a little tastier. The steak had been trimmed a little more than I would like (fat= flavor) but it didn't seem to have negatively affected the steak. The curst was nice and salty- good. Medium rare was a deep red-good. The price (59$) is pretty average for Vegas steak joints on the strip. My dining companion got the Waygu  vs Waygu entree and that was fantastic- probably what I will get the next time I go (although bacon rapped veal is pretty enticing as well) 

The Sides

Some people, after eating 2 lbs of French fries, might think "You know what; I probably don't need another potato side". We call those people losers. The reason these underhumans won't be dining with me is because Stripsteak has a little something called the Potato Puree Trio- much like the fires it delivers 3 different kinds of potato including one that is pureed with lobster. Perhaps I am a philistine but the lobster potatoes were actually freaking awesome. I know it probably shouldn't be done, I know it's probably not the choicest lobster bits but jesus... it is good. 

The mac and cheese- I also always get this when available my first time at a steak place and this one did not disappoint. It was quite "crusty" with lots of bits on top which I like. The mac itself was perhaps a little dry but I would rather that than have it swimming. 

Broccolini- had a very nice amount of garlic flavor which made this usually inedible weed actually taste pretty good.
Great food... great staff. Only reason for the 4 joins team of 5 is the prices are really high. Nice atmosphere to enjoy a good dinner and the wine steward was on the ball
Delicious food! The duck fat fries were delicious! I ordered a Pear Martini which was delicious. We had the lobster fritters for an appetizer, they were good. I ordered the Wagyu Filet and it was amazing. Knife cut thru it like butter! My husband ordered the American Wagyu vs. Australian Wagyu and he loved it as well. As a side we got the Potato Gratin, well my husband has found a new favorite dish, it was amazing! For dessert I ordered the Apple Crumble and my husband ordered the Mascarpone Cheesecake, both of which were completely demolished. I would def recommend eating here!
Let's talk about the big sirloin, seafood platter, drinks and dessert. It's been a week to this day that I got the pleasure of trying out this contemporary restaurant. ;)...but enjoying such good food, who would mind?!  In fact, I was enjoying it all so much, I should've had my own table.  All I can say is, that was one of the plumpest, juciest meats i've ever had. thx
Look, I'm here on an expense account and I know we're splurging. But I have to say, the food is not worth the price. Not to mention, we totally said tap water and ended up with $40 in water. I get it, it's the Vegas shakedown, but at every damn turn? We had to wait an hour for our table and when we got there, we ordered an array of stuff. I dug the truffle fries and their sides are good (particularly the gratin potatoes). But the $16 bowl of bisque was weak and I would have much preferred spend this amount of a steak dinner upstairs at the Foundation Room. My only point in this review? You can do better, and you should.
Great steakhouse in one of the all time greatest Vegas hotels: Mandelay Bay! Stripsteak has a great selection of cuts of beef. I had the 10oz filet and it was awesome. Be sure to get the potato gratin side, you will NOT be disappointed in this dish because it goes well with a steak or fish entree. Very friendly and accommodating staff that really added the finishing touch to the great food. Highly recommended if you are looking for a great steak experience.
I found the 18 oz bone-in ribeye to be "just OK, not great." The sides were all delicious, though. The wine selection was fine.

Service was slow and shockingly inattentive for a restaurant where the average spend is going to be over $100 per person (before wine).
Are the duck fat fries always free?  I'm not a huge fan of fries in general but anything free is good.  Had the lobster fritters.  Good, not great.  The staff in general seem a bit arrogant.
Stripsteak was great, and we'll definitely go back next time we're in Vegas. We had a reservation, but decided to sit at the bar instead of a table. The bartender, Anthony, was very friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. 

The atmosphere is somewhat casual for such an expensive restaurant (there are TVs in the bar area), but it was contemporary and comfortable. 

Instead of serving bread, they serve a sampler of three different types of fries (cooked in duck fat) with three different sauces. I can't remember what they all were, but I liked them all. We thought it was both odd and interesting to have fries instead of bread, but we enjoyed them. 

The only disappointment of the evening was the wedge salad. We asked to have it chopped and split--and when it arrived it looked like two $2.50 side salads from Denny's. Seriously, an upscale restaurant like this should have a fancy wedge, with high-priced blue cheese crumbles, ample house-made dressing, and loads of freshly cooked bacon. Instead we received a small bit of iceberg lettuce with hardly any dressing or cheese crumbles and what my husband called "bacon dust." You couldn't taste the bacon at all. (They should check out the wedge at Mastro's to see what an upscale wedge is like.) I think this wedge was around $16--maybe more.  Crazy!

Anyway, things got much better when our entrées arrived. I ordered the yellow tail sashimi appetizer, and it was some of the most delicious sashimi I've ever had. It was super fresh and tender--practically melted in my mouth--and it was prepared just perfectly, with just a touch of sauce and jalapeño; it had a perfect balance of flavors.  

My husband ordered the filet, and it was cooked perfectly--very tender and flavorful. 

We also shared the potatoes gratin. It was like a large brick of thinly sliced, tender potatoes in a cheesy cream sauce (no unwanted ingredients, such as onions). They were delicious. 

Finally, we had to have dessert. I thought the beignets with three different sauces sounded delicious, but Anthony recommended the apple crumble (served with vanilla bean ice cream), so we ordered that instead. Anthony was right--it was great. He also brought out one freshly cooked beignet for us to try (so nice of him!), and it was delicious too. 

We left Stripsteak fat and happy. Highly recommend! (Just don't order the wedge salad.)
I have visited & loved many Michael Mina restaurants, & this one absolutely does NOT measure up!  Much overrated & overpriced for quality of food & ambiance...very marginal steak, poor prep, & not served as ordered.  Terribly LOUD.  Free duck fries best item served at this dinner.  Would not return.   Complete waste of $$$ & calories!
Great food, Great Service. What else can we say. We made a reservation, got there early and sat down right away. Our waitress was very personalbe and made the experience above and beyond.

The food was great. We both had different steaks, and both were amazing. 

The only odd thing was I kept feeling a little water mist hitting my arm, I thought it was a lemon or something being squeezed but it happened a couple of times and I figured out it was coming from the ceiling. I notified the waitress to tell her manager so they could check it after closing before it got bad. She offered to move our table which we declined because it was so small it was no biggy, we just wanted to make sure they checked it before it became a problem. For this they bought us desert and sent us back to our room with candied popcorn and cheese cake. They didn't have to do this because the water was really no big deal, but that is just the kinda place this place is. The service was just that good.

I highly recommend going here for a nice dinner. We will be back.
The fry sampler is awesome. I had a lobster dinner that was perfect. To top it all off I had a smores dessert that was amazing. I went there with family on a comp. I probably wouldn't pay to go there because it was expensive, but the food was delicious. Servers are very attentive and helpful. They replaced my grandmother's dessert for another when she didn't like it.
Three words: Duck. Fat. Fries. Yes, my friends, the french fries alone make it worth a trip to Stripsteak. We've eaten here a number of times and it's been a great experience every time. The past few trips we've just eaten small bites in the bar. Last trip for me was a Manhattan to drink and the pork belly. Absolutely fantastic!
Came here with our toddler and the wait staff was very accommodating and friendly.  Food was okay, not the best steak I ever had but not the worst either.  The french fries given at the beginning was a nice touch.  Our foie gras appetizer was okay it was thin and we could barely taste the actual piece since all the accompaniments were so sweet and plentiful in comparison with the actual portion of foie.  I think the size of the table is really ridiculous for it being a steakhouse and anticipating people would order drinks and sides with their steaks.  It is basically a bistro table for two.
Items selected:
Life is Beautiful - Nolet's Silver Gin, Lychee Purée, Champagne, Chambord, Fresh Lemon
Served in a champagne flute with a lemon peel
Mai Tai, Life is Beautiful, Cosmopolitan
Trio of Duck Fat Fries - garlic-herb oil, sriracha ketchup, truffle aioli
Salt Roasted Beets - burrata, crispy guanciale, balsamic reduction
Lobster Bisque - lobster truffle, bristol cream
Roasted Marrow Bones - country bread, gremolata, black truffle, caramelized onions
Instant Bacon - five spice pork belly, tempura oyster, white miso, jicama slaw
Maine Lobster Fritters - bacon, shiso leaf, meyer lemon crème fraiche
Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras - strawberry gel, green almonds, pickled white asparagus, cocoa-foie macaron
Wild Pacific Halibut - asparagus "fettuccine", sunchoke purée, coconut-red curry
Bacon Wrapped  Strauss Veal - sweet & hot sweetbreads, globe artichokes, shaved fennel
Mary's Free Range Roasted Chicken - fingerling potatoes, garlic confit, chicken jus
American Wagyu vs. Australian Wagyu - trumpet royale mushroom, sugar snap peas, spring garlic purée
Baked Potato - aged cheddar, bacon marmalade
Mac & Cheese - black truffle
Spinach Souffle - parmesan cream
Warm Chocolate Cake - lavender ganache, chocolate gelée, cocoa puffs, habanero-kaffir lime sorbet
Meyer Lemon Cheesecake - crème chantilly, poppy seed shortbread, mint essence
S'mores Bar - smokey marshmallow, valrhona milk chocolate, graham cracker ice cream
Beignets - macallan 18 year butterscotch pudding, vanilla crème brûlée, chocolate pot de crème
Caramel Corn

Having been fortunate enough to travel far and wide to sample some of the best dining our country has to offer it was after great deliberation that I decided to schedule a joint birthday celebration for my mother and aunt at Michael Mina's STRIPSTEAK; a friendly relationship with one of the restaurateur's managers allowing me to arrange a special five course tasting menu nearly a week in advance that should have been perfect but in execution was anything but.  Surely one of the more trendy Mina properties, lodged in Mandalay Bay with high ceilings, slick design, and plenty of polish to compliment the thumping music it was just moments before our 7:00pm reservation that we presented to the hostess stand and quickly whisked to a table along the back wall it was with ample pleasantries that we were greeted, a trio of $15 cocktails to compliment the duck fat fries soon in hand but something immediately awry as the area's temperature trumped eighty degrees - a trend to continue for the next two hours despite repeated complaints and the apparent efforts of restaurant manager Ashley to contact maintenance as beads of sweat rolled down our brows.  Suffering largely in silence so as not to disrupt the celebration but clearly uncomfortable it would not be long after seating that our five-course menu would commence and wanting for a truly grand experience each round of food arrived as a trio, items including the "Instant Bacon," Bone Marrow, Spinach Souffle, and Wagyu vs. Wagyu truly exemplary while the foie gras, chicken, and halibut were inexplicably overcooked to the point where the first two were nearly inedible while the later - a gift from the kitchen - was saved only by its aromatic sauce.  Eventually moved to a table in the front dining room for a breath of fresh air mid-way into a main course where veal was presented instead of the pork that I'd ordered it was at last in the finale that STRIPSTEAK would prove most impressive with a trio of world class desserts followed by the restaurant's signature beignets but with both managers avoiding our table as the $500 tab for Chef Gerald Chin's uneven cooking arrived I could only shake my head wondering when Chef Mina last stopped by Mandalay Bay, a stunning departure from memorable experiences at Bourbon Steak, Wit and Wisdom, American Fish, or Arcadia.
We came to Vegas for a surprise 30th birthday celebration for my boyfriend and after a little research decided upon STRIPSTEAK. He had no clue where we were going and his mind was BLOWN. (His smile, shock, and awe was worth the five stars alone.)

The ambience was great, and we were greeted at our table with a sweet birthday card signed by the staff. Our waiter was funny and with a table of very indecisive first-timers gave his very knowledgable opinion freely, which I really appreciate. 

I tried the cucumber martini and it was insanely great, a little on the sweet side for me but potent cucumber flavor which I adore. 

We all tried something different, American Wagyu Vs. Australian Wagyu, Wagyu filet, Scottish salmon, diver scallops, potato puree trio, creamed spinach. We were all so impressed and pleased with each new thing put before us.

It was a unbelievable meal spent with the greatest company all to celebrate the best man! Awesome place to celebrate!
I came here with 6 others for a bachelor party, and while the interior was slick and modern, it was way too loud for my taste.  Walking in, we were greeted warmly and escorted to our table, which was in view of the glass wall where you could see the grill. pretty cool.

The waiter was a nice enough fellow, but after going through the menu (since it was our first time) I asked him what his favorites were. He seemed a bit miffed by that and told me to just listen to the rest of his speech.  And the rest of his speech basically constituted of the specials.  Ok, great, sorry for interrupting but really? you're not going to talk about what you like the most about what you just said and ignore a patron's request and just go into the specials?

We got the mac and cheese, spinach souffle, creamed spinach, and potato gratin for sides.  A buddy and I shared the bone in porterhouse.  Everything was good, not great. Basically, for the price point, I expected much higher quality and would rather spend my money elsewhere if this is supposed to be the 'standard' for $100+ a head.
I'll make this to the point

the bad:
1. There are much better restaurants in this price range, SW being one.
2. The food is overpriced for what you get.
3. Don't sit on the couches on the wall, they're way over used. The table was at my chest and had to ask to be moved.
4. The busser did the server's job, besides take orders.
5. The server didn't introduce herself nor welcome us to the restaurant (not being picky, but many patrons expect this when you're paying $130 per person.)
6. The hostess had to take our dessert order because the waitress was nowhere to be found, which is extremely irritating.
7. I had to send back the scotch I wanted because they gave it to me with cocktail ice. This is completely unacceptable for a $22 scotch.

The good:
1. The decor was very nice and not too bright or dark.
2. They give out free appetizers, french fries, which are pretty good.
3. The hostesses are very accommodating.
4. Decent beers and excellent wines.
Now this certainly was the way to end a vacation in style!

The dining area was actually a lot bigger than it appears from the outside and the decor really sets a relaxing setting for the meal.

The staff is amazing and they seem to genuinely want to connect personally with all that come through the doors which is a huge plus. 

Now onto the good stuff, the food. Quite simply it was mind blowing. I had a cooked to perfection filet mignon which was thicker in cut then what I've seen, but double the taste for sure. As a side I had the most amazing mac n cheese EVER. So good to the point where I would drive 4 hours for it and drive back another 4 hours on a whim. I think it was just the noodles being cooked tender and the combination of cheese was to die for. Another cool thing was my step mom is vegan and they definitely go well beyond the satisfactory to accommodate for that. Her meal looked just as good as the steak and it did actually taste quite amazing

It is true you get what you pay for and I paid for perfection which is certainly what I had received. A+ all the way!
This was our second time here - so clearly something is working. To be exact, I remember their mac n' cheese and boy, am I happy that we reunited. I've been to my share of high end steak houses in Chicago and always splurge on mac n' cheese and this is by far the best one (how can you go wrong with truffle?)

My hubby ordered the bone in rib eye and I got the prime flat iron - both well prepared and seasoned. 

We didn't have a reservation but was seated promptly on a Saturday night! And the fries are ahh-mazing! Didn't receive a full 5 stars because of service. Our server was not very engaging nor enthusiastic. She could've been more pleasant.
GREAT steakhouse. Waygu cap the best cut ever, always cooked to perfection.  Lamb fantastic. Ventured to try the halibut over the weekend - fabulous. Friendly, excellent service. A+ sides. 
Wine list could use a bit more global variety and better selection of moderately priced reds.
Service was fabulous, and the food was worth every penny. VERY pricey, but I have zero complaints. Steak was melt in your mouth tender, sides had amazingly intricate, diverse and delicate flavors. Can't say enough wonderful things about this restaurant.
Decided to eat here before going to a show, and the food and service was beyond impeccable! I have been to so many restaurants where the servers completely ignore you the minute you order coffee and soda (non-alcohol drinks), but not here, the very second you finish a soda/coffee there is a new one in its place, take a sip of water and it is instantly refilled!! They even serve the cream for the coffee hot! and the food? It is beyond excellent here, you must try this place, it exceeded our expectations.
I wish they gave you a chance to rate 0 star.    We were there an 1 1/2 hours before the Kings playoff game and were the first one's in the bar.   Waiting for the game, we ordered 3 appetizers and 3 rounds of cocktails.  Drinks were good, appetizers were just ok.

Then 30 mins into watching the game and getting ready to order $300 worth of Seafood, we were told by the Manager Robert, that a new group of people had arrived at their bar, and since their other TV was broken, that they were going to change the channel on the game as it was MANDALAY BAY HOTEL POLICY, to always select whatever the larger group of people wanted to watch.

In this case it was 5 people from Russia who wanted to watch a different game and as such, we were told we were not as important as us, and once again it was MANDALAY BAY POLICY!

So, they changed the channel so that 5 people could come in and order a round of water...LOL, and then basically said tough luck to us.

Imagine my chock when I called MANDALAY BAY only to find out that it was not hotel policy and rather the policy of the individual manager.    

So now, we have no idea who to believe, but, if you want to go to a loud, overpriced restaurant, where you can easily be treated as a nothing, if a larger party arrives, go to this joint.  

If not, find somewhere else.   There was a reason why when every other restaurant was packed with a waiting line, this place was 1/3 full!  

Hopefully, MANDALAY BAY, will someday decide to look into this and not let the reputation of a good hotel be damaged by such a lack of professionalism.
The food was very tasty cooked to perfection on a very busy night . Service was a bit slow but the place was jam packed and it felt like everybody was seared at the same time. I like that they split the plates as me and my wife ordered the lamb and stripsteak and shared both plates.I have eaten here a few times in the past and the quality was excellent will return again
I stay in vegas every week so much choices of food usually stay in the hotel.

The decor here is pretty cool, and as with many of the higher end restaurants, the clientele is eclectic and LOUD.

This place is LOUD (especially at the bar), caters to a lot of conventioneers (as it is the first major restaurant you see from the mandalay convention center), and many of the wait staff are 'too cool' (perhaps a side affect of vegas). Service was slow, and we found ourselves flagging the waitress for things like drink refills..

The food, was good, but very over priced. Its a steak place, but its not a Mastro's or high end place, although the prices don't reflect it.

I found the drinks to be average, but we later went to Red Square and had great ones...

Great to go to if it were empty, but it took some time to get a table, even at the bar.
Great dry aged rib eye stake
Came here to celebrate the wife's birthday dinner.  It came highly recommended by a friend who works at Mandalay Bay .  We were not disappointed in the least.  The food was excellent.  The starter of the duck fat fries trio was divine.  The truffle fries were my fave.  I had the bone in ribeye and the wife had the filet mignon.  The sides we shared at the table were the baked potato ( which is very unique and hard to explain, but delicious),  the jalapeño cream corn, and the potato gratin.  Cream corn was very good, but to me that gratin still has me thinking about how good it was.  Wife finished her meal off with the beignets which were wonderful.  Not too heavy with good dipping sauces/mousses.  Fat boy tip:  the truffle dipping aioli/sauce from the fries. if you have any left,  save it and try it with a chunk of steak.  Magnafique!
Seafood appetizer platter was pretty good. My NY strip was very tasty and tender. Ordered medium rare but was closer to medium. Beef tartar was good but lackluster. Service was good, noise was a little high. Prices are steep but there are limited choices in Mandalay bay restaurant row. Overall very good but not great. I would give this 4 stars except that the meal was close to $130 pp and I didn't think it was worth that much.
Steak= 5 stars (very tasty/tender)
Sides = 2 stars (beans overlooked-tasted of mint, Gratin was ok, spinach blah)
Apps = 3 stars (oysters were gross, spring rolls ok, lobster app with lettuce good)
Overall = 3 stars (service ok, steak great but sides better be good if that's what you say you're specializing in at $14-$16 a side)
Came here for a birthday celebration dinner. I've always been a huge fan of Michael Mina restaurants but, this experience was disappointing. The skirt steak was not seasoned properly and the foie gras was way too rich. I also had the ice berg salad, which was $20 I believe, at that price I would pass next time- it was nothing special. On the bright side, the service was great and they do give a parting gift of popcorn. I won't be returning unless I am forced to eat here again.
This is a premiere steak joint. The Filet is always amazing and you will be sad if you dont try the potato puree trio. Also, the Jalapeño Creamed Corn was awesome... 

I may have been here 6 times... Well work the trek if your coming to the strip.
+.5 for service

Okay, I get it. There just seems to be the "Vegas factor" in many non-buffet restaurants (okay...buffet restaurants too). The food prices just seem to be much more than back home in Canada, even after taxes. I understand the whole phrase "go big or go home", but at the end, is it worth it?

Stripsteak is located inside Mandalay Bay, which mind you is probably one of the largest hotels in The Strip...and one of the most poorly accessible from public transit. Good thing I was living in NYNY so I was able to take the tram there. The first thing you would've thought is that with the high prices, the restaurant would've been on the quiet side. Nope! It's about as loud as a Chinese dim sum restaurant on a Saturday afternoon; very loud.

We ordered the Japanese A4 wagyu satays, American wagyu vs. Australian wagyu, NY strip, and wagyu rib eye. Yeah I know, a lot of wagyu...I mean, you don't get wagyu in many places in Canada! As for the food quality...the two wagyu comparisons were interesting, but I certainly did not feel the value of $69 for all the wagyu foods, and honestly the $59 NY strip tasted a little better. However, this restaurant is definitely something I would recommend trying once if you're a steak lover, but not twice.

Service was great though. The server explained all our foods when we first ordered, and when they were being delivered one by one. We also got complimentary fries and different dipping sauces for each fries. Again, it's a restaurant I was glad I tried since I was able to experience a non-buffet higher end dining style in Vegas, but I wouldn't do it again.
Ruth's Chris prices with Sizzler quality.  Service was very slow.  Took an hour for our meals to come out. Halibut was very dry and steak was mostly gristle.  Our server was very nice and apologized for the delays in the kitchen but if I'm spending over $100/person on dinner I expect greater efficiency. A lot of great restaurants in Vegas but this isn't one of them. We won't be back.
Overpriced and underwhelmed. Didn't blow me away. I came here while looking for "A MUST eat restaurant in Vegas for around $75-100 pp?"  I can't say I was impressed. The server brought out the French fries cooked in duck fat with the different season/sauce pairings which was a refreshing take on a nibbler before your meal. I loved the sauce with the truffle in it. 
A bit heavy on the old bay seasoning.
Appetizer: ordered the crab spring rolls with sriracha aioli. The shell was crispy and the crab was good, but there was just too much oil. 
Entree- I ordered the 10oz Angus filet medium rare. Very nice cut, well seasoned. That was the good. Unfortunately it was cooked unevenly and a bit on the overdone side. The color was nice and red on one side but pink and dry on the other. Didn't mention to waiter so can't comment on recovery. For side we had the French horn mushrooms with a mirin reduction. Great flavor but a bit rubbery. Again I think a problem with the preparation. 
Nice touch boxing up leftovers and putting caramel covered popcorn as a takeaway home. Just felt like there was a bit of price gouging for the quality.
Been here 3 times over several years because we often stay at Mandalay Bay so it's convenient when we don't want to leave the resort.  While each time has been decent, unfortunately none of the meals have stood out as memorable.   When I eat something really good, no matter if it costs $5 or $50, I ooh and ah over it.  I've never really had that reaction here.  10 oz filet mignon was $59.  It was cooked on the rare side of medium rare and it's lightly seasoned.  While it came out to the table medium hot, it really didn't stay hot for very long.  I much prefer the hot plates at Mastro's and Ruth's Chris.   Our server was friendly so that's a big plus. 

We used a $50 restaurant.com certificate which took $50 off of $100.  Dinner for 2 without alcohol was still $150 after tax and tip.   

If you like your steak simply prepared and you just won a buttload of money in the casino, this might be your place.
Had the Kansas City Strip Steak and tried a few appetizers. All the food here was great. This place is quite pricey. The one complaint I do have is the steak had more fat that I would have expected.
I've been here several times and always recommended this steak house to fellow coworkers and clients because I love Michael Mina restaurants. The quality of food and service has dwindled over the years but it was always a top choice when looking for a steakhouse for dinner (if you know what to order). I know people always say this, but I have been in the restaurant and hospitality industry - IN VEGAS for years and appreciate food, but most importantly, hospitality. 

I am sad that I have to give such a negative review about Stripsteak but here goes...

On a recent visit, a couple of friends and I went for a late snack around 9:45pm (they serve til 10:30pm). We decided to sit at the bar and ordered a couple cocktails and requested menus for appetizers. The bartender told us he would have to check to see if the kitchen was still serving food, which is fine. So he went back to the kitchen and we jokingly laughed amongst ourselves about how it's just our luck and that this "sucks for us". Then another bartender quickly came over and told us that they are doing US a favor by checking to see if the kitchen was open to serve food and that they don't have to serve us. Then it just got awkward. We didn't know where this guy came from and why he was talking to us like that. Maybe he thought we were talking about the restaurant and misunderstood? Either way, I would never speak to a guest like that! We kind of paused in shock, thinking he would laugh and say, "Just kidding!". We told him that we were going to spare him the favor and didn't want to be served anymore and just left. 

I will never be back and I will make sure that my colleagues and guests do the same. Just go to Craftsteak at MGM instead. Amazing food and great service guaranteed to not drive you away!
Contrary to representations on the telephone, stripsteak is unapologetically vegetarian unfriendly; not even the Mac and cheese is vegetarian, likewise the soup, to say nothing of the complimentary duck fat fries (I got a cold stare).  I've been to many steakhouses with my meat-eating family, and Stripsteak is the least accommodating of them all.  I had two salads for dinner - really nothing else to order.  However, dessert (beignets) was fabulous.
Aside from the gimmicky iPad wine list, this Michael Mina steak restaurant at Mandalay Bay was simply excellent. From the raw oysters to both the Angus and Wagyu steak we had at our table, the dinner was superb. The sommelier did just what I asked: he surprised me with an excellent new wine I hadn't tried. The biggest surprise? Potatoes puree three ways. Almost as good as the steak! Definitely worth the visit.
I'm one lazy bitch. I have four bottles of moisturizer spread throughout my house. Why? So I don't have to go all the way to the bathroom to get it. Some days I sleep on my couch because my upright is laying on my bed and I don't have the strength to move it (but also because I have a tile floor and no hard case). I'm so lazy that I can't even be bothered to think of creative screen names. The URL for my yelp profile is the same one for my myspace, livejournal, and gmail. 

They may even all have the same password, too, but I wouldn't know. I just check the "remember me" box on all of them so I don't have to put in my info again when I sign back in. Fuck, what IS my password?

I'm so lazy I can't even be trusted with simple tasks, like preparing my own lunch. 

Fridays means I get out of work at 1pm, which means I have the house all to myself for a couple hours to play my upright bass as much and as loud as I want before other people start showing up and start demanding to able to hear the TV. Haters.

Anyway. 

So Fridays means getting takeout for lunch. Because I know that if I actually try to prepare a lunch at home, eventually I will get caught up in something else and bam, there goes my practice time until everyone goes back to bed. 

Usually "practice day" means Dragon Garden Express, but on my way there I spotted Big Daddy's Frankfurters.

Though I've known about Big Daddy's for years (how could I not? I live within walking distance), I've been hesitant to give them a try. Not just because hot dogs are the rat bastard of the meat community, but because with a name like Big Daddy's, deep down I expected to walk inside to be greeted by Danny DeVito's crazy sex offender third cousin who gives me a big smile and says "Welcome to Big Daddy's! Whose your Daddy?!"

Oh, hai, I'll get a chili cheese dog and a pillow to scream in.

In spite of these fears I bravely opened the door and stepped in to find a well-adjusted-looking gentleman sitting at the counter who perked up, literally jumping to his feet the moment I stepped in. Judging by the time of day I imagined business was slow. 

I ordered an all-beef dog and a bratwurst. Now, personally, I've never understood the "all-beef" craze. While I applaud their honesty, I just think that it's a grim reminder of the reality we face with "non-beef" dogs.

A hot dog vendor saying "Our dogs are made with 100 percent beef" gives me that same foreboding feeling that hearing the girl at Sephora say "and the best part is, none of this stuff has been tested on helpless animals".

At Big Daddy's, every dog/sausage comes with four free toppings. I opted for cheese, relish, sauerkraut and grilled Italian onions (don't judge me). 

As he fixed my lunch the man at the counter, who I'll assume is either Big Daddy or at the very least Large Uncle By Marriage, said "Man, this stuff is going to get messy when you get it home, but boy will it be good".

Personally, I appreciate that level of honesty. I cannot begin to tell you how much less complicated my life would be if occasionally the girl at the Pane Bianco counter would say "You're going to break your fork trying to cut these fresh tomatoes but they will be soooo juicy", or if the bartender would say "you're going to ruin someone else's shirt later but this drink will be delish" when he handed me a hurricane.

To put a cherry on my sundae, he gave me a bag of chips "on the house". Though to be honest I think it was more a manner of cleanliness than customer service. One, I didn't complain (surprisingly), and two, it was the last bag in the box. Either way, I was being undeservingly rewarded for trying a place out for the first time, and I liked it.

I rushed home with my lunch in my passenger seat, wondering exactly what he meant by it would get messy. Perhaps the sauerkraut would crumble, or the onions would be greasy.

Imagine my surprise when I opened my little styrofoam box to find my frank and brat covered in cheese sauce. None of that mincy shredded cheese you get at Taco Bell. Cheese sauce, thick and gooey, like the kind you get at a concession stand or gas station.

You'd think that cheese sauce and sauerkraut would be gross. And by Eris, how you would be right. It was the nastiest, messiest frank and brat I've ever had, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy that, just a little. Okay, maybe more.

My poor choice of complimentary condiments aside, the franks themselves were amazing. They tasted like they just came off the grill, like the hot dog carts that hang outside of strip malls and Home Depots.

By the end of it my face was a train wreck, like a bulldog eating custard. I scraped off onions and cheese sauce from my lips and chin, realizing that while I may have had the perfect lunch, it cost me my dignity. Which is fine. I'm actually surprised I was able to trade it in for so much.

There was more I wanted to say, but I don't feel like typing it, so I guess I'll end it here.

Le sigh.
The food was good, the atmosphere and experience were quite a different thing. I go in and ask about the buffet, cause I read the sign that said hot dog and cheesesteak buffet, and I got the most convoluted explanation ever.  I asked for two different hot dogs and fries, and they forgot a hot dog. When I called to say I didn't get my hot dog, instead of saying sorry and giving me another one I get put on hold while he yells at someone. Till finally I just give up and realize its not even worth it.
Well we tried this for dinner last night and it was pretty good.  We both had a Cheese Steak and fries.  The food was pretty good.  I will be back because the service was awesome.  Both the owner and the other guy there were super nice.  I hope people give it a try.
Good selection of dogs and friendly service.
Food was great, Chicken Cheese Steak wasn't dry at all (which is usual around here) and the prices were more than reasonable. Definitely will be recommending them. Letting customers play Xbox was a nice touch ;-)
Finally tried G's, which we've both seen and heard about.  I must say, it's pretty good!  Hubby went for the hot dog buffet, and I had a cheesesteak.  We also got waffle fries and onion rings. 

 First off, the staff are really friendly, which is always a plus.  My cheesesteak was very good, but I felt like I missed out on having the hot dog buffet, which I'll definitely go for next time (and there will be a next time).  Lots of fun choices on the buffet, and what my hubby got was delicious, although he kept it pretty basic.  The fries and rings were really good, and not greasy.  My personal favorite were the onion rings, they were exactly what you'd want an onion ring to be.

If you're a first-timer, like we were, it's a little confusing when you first walk in.  We weren't sure if we should just grab a plate and start at the buffet, or wait to speak to someone.  So, we settled on the safe bet, and waited to find out what we were supposed to do.

So glad we made the decision to try G's out, and next time, we'll know exactly what to do!
Not ready when arrived & it was after 10 am, close sign was still up. Food was fresh and very good.
points off for...
1. Called ahead to make sure they were open, when we got there sign said "closed".  The door was in fact open and we notified them that the sign said closed.
2. A child took our order (looked like 10 years old). I did not feel this was appropriate.
3. A smoke alarm with a low battery alarm kept chirping over the dinning area.

Good stuff..
1. The visible areas were clean
2. Service was friendly
3. Food was good and seemed to be prepared fresh.

Overall it was a pretty good experience and I plan to go again.
Places like G's is reason #74 why I love yelp. I would have never stumbled on this little gem without my boyfriend searching yelp for food close to the driving range we were at.  They have a ton of options for hotdogs and cheesesteaks, plus they deliver (no charge) ANYWHERE in the Valley!! Nobody does that!  Prices are super cheap so you can easily buy two of anything without it hurting the wallet ..... AND they have soft serve ice cream as dessert when you buy anything on the menu!
I came here with a group of 10 other people and I couldn't have been happier with the experience we had. From the outside, we were a little bit skeptical, but once we came in, the two people at the front were more than friendly, they made our entire group feel at home immediately. The cheesesteaks were amazing, the hot dogs were amazing, overall experience was awesome. Definitely wish that they had a place like this back in California (where we're from)!
Customer Service was excellent.  I always ask the server what the place in know for when I go somewhere new and I got a great detailed response!  Food was pretty good and resonably priced.  It will definitely be a repeat.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR G'S BUFFET!  = = = = = =

G's here has a daily HOT DOG BUFFET, & is it ever good!  All sorts of different kinds of hot dogs available, plus big selections of condiments, other hot foods & many side dishes.  I enjoyed a big Smoked Polish Dog, an Italian Sausage Dog, potato salad, cole slaw, mixed fruit, mixed steamed veggies, tasty onion rings, BBQ Chicken & more.

Hot Dog Buffet Monday through Thursday:  $8.95 including fountain beverage.

*  For $10.95 they will make you a big sandwich too (but why?).

*  For $14.95 on Friday & Saturday they put out more food items, soups, crab legs, shrimp, & prime rib as well as the hot dogs.

It's a big YAY! & a high 4 Stars for G's Hot Dog Buffet!     :-))
Awesome. 

Smallish place, great food, friendly service. I'll be back.
A HOT Dog Buffet you say? (yes a hot dog buffet and it is real good). Robin N. Rand H. and myself went here for lunch and it looked like they were going to get one or two stars because most of the trays were empty. Well as it turned out they have all these empty trays but they cook your dog when you order it which is much better anyway. There are about ten different hot dogs you can order and 3 I ate were all great. They also have all the hot dog condiments imaginable. The BBQ chicken wings are also very good.So if you like a good hot dog you will love G's.
I found this place because I didn't feel like cooking and wanted something other than pizza and Chinese food. I found this place on yelp and read good reviews so I decided to order. I ordered a hoagie cheesesteak,  a hot dog and waffle fries for my son and I. The price for everything was less than 12 which I thought was great until I waited over 45 mins for my food to be delivered. The driver called and said she was lost , she was in a totally different area than I lived, so I told her my cross streets and she just hung up the phone. I decided to call the place and was told by Victor that he will call to let her know again where to go. The delivery person came 5-7 mins later but did not have change for a $20, to the best of my knowledge a delivery person must keep change , there was no way she was getting a $8 tip for this inconvenience.  I told the delivery person to hold so I can see if I have change. She went back to her vehicle and bring back her boss who was in the vehicle translating for her. I could not believe this, I was so disappointed that she could not understand me and then for her to tell her boss I was going to give her less than the bill. I decided to call the place while the delivery person was there and provided them with the issue I was having. I paid for my food since the boss had change but there was no way she was getting a tip nor will I ever purchase food from here again especially since it was not great.
Delicious Philly cheese steaks!  I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in the Phoenix area.
Good cheese steak. I would put them in competition with some of the top places in Phoenix. They don't use cheese whiz but the provolone is good also. Definitely coming back.
Holy surprise Batman! Who would expect such a killer philly in a rundown strip mall? Pulling into the parking lot had me second guessing my original decision to try this place, but channeling my dad, I remembered that some of the best places are the least flashy. The cheese steaks are some of the best I ever had and holy cow they have a ton of hot dog toppings. I have now dragged just about everyone in my hubby's family here twice.
Great variety and awesome prices
Really?! All you can eat cheese steaks that are this good? Place is a very unassuming local that I was not so sure of walking in, however my buddies assured me this was the spot to eat. They weren't kidding. Best cheese steak I've had locally in quite awhile.
We had a yelp groupon to G's Food because we heard good things about the place. What we encountered blew us away. I'm still a big confused if their hot dog buffet is every day of the week, or just Friday and Saturday along with their other food choices. Regardless it is 14.99 and that includes a drink, we came during their all you can eat king crab legs and prime rib. Both were extremely good, and this place is hardly your typical buffet. In fact  when you walk in it looks like a small diner with a buffet row, it is very much a "divish" location. In addition to the what is on the line, I was told you can choose ANYTHING from their menu as well and it is included. Since this place is primarily a diner most of the time you can expect quality food.

 Their hot dogs are excellent all beef hot dogs, and they have various other choices in sausages. There are a TON of toppings to choose from, whether it is cheese sauce (which was not bad at all), to real bacon bits to about anything else you can think of. If you want something from their menu just ask, it is included with the buffet, they'll prepare it fresh. So you want all you can eat cheesesteaks? They have you covered, unfortunately I didn't get the chance to try them because we mainly came for the all you can eat crab legs, but I will next time! I believe there are different price levels for their buffet, so make sure to ask, I believe the hot dog buffet by itself is around $8.

Above all us you can tell the place is run by good down to earth people, which I suspect are also the owners. You can tell they care about their customers and will provide you with excellent service with a GENUINE smile. Even if their food was sub par (which it isn't) the service would make me want to come back. Unfortunately we came close to closing so some of the buffet items were thinned out, but I have little doubt you could just request them to prepare something for you.

Looking at their menu, even if you choose to order individual items their prices are excellent! So if you are looking for a positive environment, (with great people working there) with good food at excellent prices you can't go wrong with G's Food.
= = = = = =  A HOT DOG BUFFET!!  = = = = = =

It's been 6 months, which is a long time to skip this screwy Buffet, so I got together with Arlin B. to give it another go today.  What we have here is a variety of salad items, & then a whole bunch of different kinds of weiners and toppings to make hot dogs with.  For this visit, after salad, I enjoyed a basket of cooked to order Onion Rings (included in the Buffet price), salad, potato salad, various pickle spears etc., a small bowl of chili with cheese & onion toppings, and then it was on to a Skin-on Sabrett hot dog, a Bratwurst Dog, & a Smoked Polish Dog, my favorite of the three today.

It's $8.99 on Monday through Thursday, & $14.99 on Friday and Saturday, at which times they put out more food items, soups, shrimp, crab legs and Prime Rib!

This Buffet is set up kind of crazy, so you have to be patient with yourself to take full advantage of all that is available, but all in all, it's a real treat for the hot dog lover in you!     :-))
We've known of this hot dog place for years (not sure if it's under new management these days) but we'd never been. My husband was craving a polish sausage, so Yelp led us there.  The food was great...but even better was the customer service. They were incredibly kind and willing to get whatever we needed. My husband got his polish dog and several other types of dogs and he thought they were great. I was impressed that the hot dog buffet included cooked to order sweet potato fries, regular fries, tator tots, onion rings, waffle fries...basically anything you wanted, they made it for you. They even had an array of sandwiches, crab legs, shrimp, ribs, catfish, and soft serve ice cream. It's a great little hole in the wall!
This place is awesome!  I'd recommend the Classic Cheese steak if you don't go the buffet route.  My wife had chicken parm sandwich which was pretty good as well.  Not sure what they do with their onion rings, but wife said they were really good and taste like the ones you get at the fair.  I'll definately have to try the buffet.
The buffet here has 3 different buffet prices.  For the hot dog buffet only, it's $8.99, while hot dogs and sandwiches are $10.99.  On Fridays and Saturdays they include prime rib, shrimp, and crab legs in addition to hot dogs and sandwiches for $14.99.  All buffet prices include drink.  You can also order a la carte from the various hot dog and sandwich options.  I opted for the sandwich/hot dog buffet combo and started with a Sonoran dog, a Sabrett hot dog, and half a chicken cheesesteak with onion rings.  It was a ton of food!  The specialty hot dogs are made to order, and when it is ready the hot dog itself it will be placed in one of the buffet tins for you, and you will add the condiments from the buffet as you wish.  For just the Sabrett dogs, they are already placed in the tins for free range grazing.  There are a variety of condiments such as various mustards, ketchup, Chicago style and regular relish, sliced and chopped onions, hot peppers, melted cheese, tomatoes, and chili just to name a few!  

The Sonoran dog came wrapped in bacon, and the hot dog itself had some nice pieces of spicy chile in it.  As for the cheesesteak, it had a lot of pieces of chicken with melted cheese in it.  The onion rings were really tasty, with a nice crisp batter and sweet onions.

For dessert, there are slices of tiramisu for you to gorge on.  I shared some with my friend, and while the cake part of it was a tad dry, as a whole it was good.  

Service initially was brusque, but warmed up and was more friendly as we sat down and waited for our orders to arrive.  There's a TV in the corner playing random movies from the "ThisTV" channel.  Teen Wolf 2 was playing, which made for some interesting pre-lunch conversations!
After receiving an email from Yelp! about this place, I had to try it. The reviews made it sound great. I have driven by this little place for years wanting to try it, but afraid. Boy, am I upset that I waited. 
I had the Classic Cheesesteak and this was as close to Philly that I can get in Phoenix. My husband had the all you can eat crab and said it was delicious, sweet, and cooked perfectly. We will definitely be returning to this place as the Yelp coupon brought a cost for a family of 4 under $20, tip included. The service was great and the owner was present. I love that even on a bad they will deliver to me. I cannot wait to go back and try something else. Thanks yelpers!
The food was all really good and they have a lot of variety. I really liked my cheesesteak. The only reason I gave them four stars was because they do it all you can eat crab leg buffet and I can't Stand the smell of fish.
Great food!!
I went here with my mother.  It was our first visit.

I was not prepared for the buffet dining style.  It took me by surprise.

The place was fairly small and there was a heavy crab leg/seafood aroma in the air.

I ordered the all-you-can-eat hotdog option for $8.99 and my mom order a single specialty dog for about $1.90.  Why is this place so cheap!?

I tried a Nathan's hotdog, followed by a Hebrew National, and then a jalapeno brat.  I was also provided with a side of onion rings and tater tots.  For dessert, we dined on some soft serve ice cream.

I ate WAY too much.

The food wasn't bad.  I don't really have anything to complain about, but something about the place made me nervous.

I think it was because there is an extreme amount of disarray.  My mind needs order and I was trying to make sense of the chaos around me.

I am also not accustomed to buffet restaurants.

All-in-all, not a bad little place.

Try it at least once.
Classic Cheese Steak, was on time!!!!!
The bane of my existence; places that offer quantity over quality. The food wasn't bad just par. The dessert was served from the Costco box it was purchased in and the hot dogs were, well hot dogs. Nothing special here. The prices were dirt cheap and I'm sure the local vagabonds love the all you can eat hot dog buffet. Yelp steered me wrong on this one. 3 STARS is appropriate.
Mos def be coming back.  Very good. If i ever find myself in phoenix ill come here.
Yo G.  Kind vittles.  you know how to make some tasty food.  Chili cheese fries are seriously right on.  cheesesteaks are all good.  Confusing place though.  the menu, the ordering is all confusing.  Not always sure who is an employee, not always greated by anyone.  Should be asked if you have been here before or have any questions.  Good vittles
Being from New England, finding a good Steak and Cheese Sub out here is hard. Once I tried G's cheese steak I found one that is as close as it gets! They are delicious and addicting, when we ordered our first and had it delivered, we wished we had ordered a second helping! Just goes to show you not to judge a book by its cover!
First time here. Super staff took care of me better than most high dollar places. Cheesesteak sandwich and tater tots were avereage but fine.
Awesome little mom and pop type place been here about 3 times already. First time I did the all-you-can-eat dogs for 8.99. Ate about 6 hot dogs, some onion rings, and a Dr. Pepper.  There is a HUGE range of toppings you can put on your dogs offered at the buffet which include: pickles, jalapenos, sliced or diced onions, nacho cheese, chili, tomatoes, relish, chicago relish, real crumbled bacon, deli mustard, regular mustard, ketchup (purists aside), etc. etc. the list goes on. Pretty much anything you can dream of! I also came in during a transition period between breakfast and lunch and one of the staff said to have at it with the breakfast buffet if I wanted. Awesome bonus! Grabbed some biscuits and poured some country gravy over those bad boys before diggin' into my dogs.

Second time around I brought my roommate and we had the all-you-can-eat buffet crab legs and prime rib for 18.99 (friday and saturday only). Felt bad about using the $10 for 20 yelp deal because I really like to support local businesses. Prime rib was pretty good, it was actually like really thin cuts of beef almost like roast beef don't be expecting a huge slab of meat and you'll be ok. It was pretty tasty, had about 4 plates of that.  The snow crab/king crab leg mix was extremely sweet, and fresh. Very high quality.  There was a bit of a wait time in between batches when the crab ran out, but it was worth the wait.  My roommate really liked the food, and the staff even made a special request of sunnyside up eggs to go with his prime rib. +++

Third time did the hot dogs and sandwiches for 10.99. The Pizza STEAK is amazing! I think I can probably eat about 12 of those it's so good I can't describe it. Or maybe because my vocabulary is limited. Regardless its delicious go out and get one! Also had the cordon bleu sandwich which was pretty good, but I think i'll stick with the steak sandwiches.  Also had about 2 jalapeno dogs and loaded them up with toppings. 

Man I'm kind of drooling just thinking about it. I just went yesterday and I'm tempted to go again but I'll save some money. Love this place and I love to support local mom and pop joints. No other places offer hotdog/sandwich buffets in the area so this place is a gem.  If you are on the fence about trying it, I say give it a go. Definitely one of my new go-to places!
Got there late, so the food wasn't the freshest. But the service was very attentive and willing to get us anything we wanted. Mac n Cheese was really good and a variety of dogs and toppings.
This place is great! While I've never eaten on location, the hubby is always bringing home cheesesteaks and sweet potato fries from this place and they are to die for. And with their 20for10$ deal its perfect for anyone on a budget.
Nice people, good customer service.  A bit cramped dinning area, but great dogs.  Really enjoyed it
Different place, lady up front was great and the food was excellent!!
was here a couple of months ago and had forgotten to review. i have been here about 3 times. they have really good hot dog varieties. different sausages and toppings. different kind of french fries and sweet potato fries. and the employees are super friendly. i recommend it.
Where do I start? I've been meaning to try this place earlier, but the sketchy (not so appealing) appeal kept stalling my visit. The place is small. When I went, there were no customers. I knew what I wanted from the get-go and I shan't order anything else except for CHEESESTEAK. Upon entering you're greeted with a long buffet bar, which at the time was empty. There was a female host and she was very polite, energetic, and friendly. Good first impression. I ordered a philly cheesteak with provolone, but I had to have cheez whiz on the side. Once the sandwich was delivered-it was gone in probably 3 minutes. Really good- closest thing to a philly here in suburban Avondale. The meat was packed, no frozen taste whatsoever and the onions had a lovely caramelization. Best thing about it was that it wasn't heavy in the tummy. No "ughh why did I just eat that junk" feeling. I've been craving to go back, prices are decent too! Will opt for the hot dog next time. Very casual dining, almost too casual that I'd rather have eaten at home, but maybe it was only because we came at dead time.
For the price I wasn't expecting very much, but we were pleasantly surprised with really tasty food and incredibly friendly service.  They provide a big bang for your buck, but come hungry, because you are going to get a lot of food!
It's a great hole in da wall joint! A big plus they get a lot of there stuff from back east. Being a native to Chi town. I love this place! This is one of them spots that if u miss it u wish you hadn't. It's da bomb!
So I went to a hot dog buffet for a Sunday breakfast... No this is not a joke. I went to a hot dog buffet for breakfast...After jumping on Yelp to find "something different" and reading several of the reviews online I was intrigued and talked my man into going... Not an easy feat when he was kinda fixed on Waffle House. We called ahead to make sure and talked to the guy who assured us they had 2 separate buffets going. We chose to skip the run of the mill breakfast buffet and enjoy the hotdog/ chili/frys buffet.  We pulled up to nearly empty strip mall and walked into a small deli like place that was empty with the exception of two very friendly helpful guys. We chose what kind of dogs we wanted Sabrett's skin on and an Italian sausage which were both cooked to order... also to choose from were Viennas, Brats and Sabrett's skin off... We also got an order of fries and tater tots (they were out of sweet potato fries). The Chili that we threw on our fries and tots was thick and meaty, I am quite sure it was canned, but a good brand obviously. The two guys working were extremely friendly and helpful, clearing plates and keeping our sodas full. The coke machine was actually down, but on hand were plenty of cans to keep a coke drinker happy ( I have walked out of places not having coke...) Back to the buffet... lots and lots of little lined up containers of toppings were available. A few even contained salads which looked like they came out of a deli and we passed up on. The atmosphere... well... I was able to entertain myself with a stack of National Enquirers while my man ran down the road to McDonalds to a bathroom... (The entire strip mall was out, so I felt for them on that one..) Lots of food items and coolers are stored in the dining room as well as two deep freezers... kind of an odd set up. All in all, it was not bad, just different which I guess is what I was looking for when we walked out the door, Be careful what you wish for, lol. If I would have seen this on a Friday or Saturday night we might have been tempted to check it out for the Crab/seafood buffet, but I think I would go elsewhere having experienced them once. I honestly do not know how they have managed to stay in business for 2 years?!? After mentioning this for the third time during "breakfast" I was told to shush up... I think he feels like he got ripped off getting hot dogs instead of waffles this morning.
A bit of a heads up Gs is no longer accepting the YELP coupon. As of 10/29/13 they are offering all you can eat breakfast for 6.95 I belive
All you can eat for 9 or 10 bucks. Good price! You get the hot and cold toppings as well! I didn't give it 5 stars because I didn't get my fries.. ): but everything was good!!
Really good cheese steak sandwich at a reasonable price.
Good food, good prices. Nice little hidden spot that I've driven past hundreds of times and never thought to stop in until I found them on Yelp.  Lots of great choices on their menu. Fair warning however,  they are no longer accepting the $10 for $20 yelp deal that you purchase on Yelp for $10. This deal is still being offered,  yet they will not honor it because they say people are using the same deal many times.  The owner doesn't seem to have a handle on how the Yelp system of "redeeming" the deal works.  Also,  the business hours listed on yelp are way off.
It's alright, nothing special.  We had the Phoenix dog, Classic Cheese steak and a Coney dog.  Phoenix dog was a poor attempt at the Arizona famous Sonoran Hot dog.  Coney dog, well, was a very small but tasty dog.  The Cheese steak was good but not over the top.
Service and food were both very good. It's a nice hole in the wall type place. We got great suggestions on what to try and they even threw in some extra hot dogs.
The hot dogs are pre-made and available for a "hot dog buffet"

They also sell cheesesteaks which are actually very good.

Not fancy but good food.
WARNING!!! 
  This place has completely changed. The only buffet they have now is the hot dog buffet with frys and drink that's it. The all you can eat sandwiches are not included for any price. You now have to pay for each individual sandwich. Also, the crab and prime rib is gone completely. Of course, before I came tonight I checked there website and nothing has changed there. That is misleading as hell in my opinion. This is my first time here and I won't be coming back. The hot dogs are all cold and the buns are kinda hard. Not good. I will say the frys are very good and the guy behind the counter definitely felt bad about the changes. The service has been excellent. He gave me a free piece of chicken to try and make up for the changes. 
    It was explained that they were bought out recently and the new owners were going to bring back some of the buffets but he didn't know which ones. I recommend calling ahead before you come to find out.
I was overly impressed with G's!  My brother and I have travelled many miles throughout California and Nevada looking for the perfect hot dog combinations and quality.  Who has ever heard of a hot dog buffet?  I had red hot Chicago style along with a bacon, chili, cheese dog topped with jalapeños.  Both make Joey's taste like they just arrived.  Plus where else can you get double fried Tatar tots, old fashioned ice cream, and a soda for under $10.  I definitely recommend this place as a must try.  (Plus Victor was more than polite and helped us understand the history of this golden gem.)
I went here for the first time this weekend, searching for a cheese steak that could at least try to come close to what I had growing up (mozarella is a no for me, as is offered at many places). My sandwich was excellent, (almost) just like home!

It's true that the menu online is not quite correct, but I wasn't looking for crab legs and prime rib, anyway. We walked in, and there is your topping buffet right in front of you. They did have a BBQ rib buffet on Saturday night that looked good. My husband had the all you can eat hot dog special, which made our toddler son happy, too. We also had unlimited fries, which were good! We could not just help ourselves to a hot dog; the employee handed those out, but they were great. Also, I wasn't looking for an unlimited cheese steak bar; no one needs more than one ;) 

The service was very good, very attentive. We also had Thrify ice cream for dessert. The place is very clean, too. I'd like to go back and try one of the chicken sandwiches. I also really like supporting a local business, and at about $25, it was a super good deal.
If your a fan of hot dogs or buffet you need to come all you can eat Chicago dogs all day if you gave it one star your crazy. come and enjoy all you can eat fries onion ring and tator tots . along with hot dogs so many toppings.
Loved this Joint... Love No More... !
They have changer everything, the only Buffet they have available now is the Hot-Dog Buffet, with only ONE choice of Dog... they used to have at least 8 choices of Weiner's, Brats, Smoked Sausages, Dog's from New York, Chicago...etc... it ROCKED..!!!  they still have Sandwiches a-la-carte... No more Prime Rib or Crab Legs... 
they used to have a soft-serve Ice Cream that was part of the Buffet's, no more, now thy have a glassed in Ice Cream freezer with scoops you can purchase... 

Hey it's not bad but it's NOT G's anymore..!!! call it something else...
 
I'm not going back ...they didn't honour my "Yelp Deal"  that I bought for $10 that buys you a coupon for $20 worth of food from G's... I believe that legally they have to take the "Yelp Deals"...
we paid the bill with cash and said Adiós to the Cook... 

I don't expect them to survive for very long unless they go back to the G's we all know and Love... 

If it Ain't broke don't break-it... :(
Not a good spot to visit if you're looking for freshly made food. Just about everything on their menu has probably come from Costco or SAM's club, thrown in the microwave and reheated. I ordered the flautas which came with rice and beans. You don't have to Mexican to now that what your being served was store bought frozen/canned food. To top it off it was a $7 meal.  The only good thing was the customer service.  Sucks to say it, because you want to see a family owned business thrive, but don't stop here.
Disappointed

 I've been wanting  to try G's food for a while now. I'm glad I went because I got it out of my system, but I won't be back. I guess I was expecting more because of all the positive reviews I had read. That's why I feel bad saying the food at G's is somewhat  bland and tasteless.

 Basically, G's Food offers speciality hot dogs.  In addition, to a buffet style hot dog bar which is a great idea for a restaurant, Unfortunately, it is very poorly executed. 

G's Food serves a mediocre hot dog at best. On out first vist we actually tried 3 different types of dogs. First, I ordered the Chicago Polish Dog and my lunch companion ordered the Ruben and Coney Dog.  The hot dogs and buns tasted somewhat stale. The food just wasn't very good. Although, G's offers numerous toppings from the buffet style bar, the items look and taste like they came straight from a can. 

Not the worst dogs I've ever eaten but definitely a contender.
Driving around with my family looking for a place to eat we saw g's and decided to give it a try. What a mistake! I've never seen so much grease on my plate in my life. We were sick all night after eating there. My wife still gets sick if I even mention that place.
This place is great staff was friendly and helpful. The only down side is so many to sides to choose from my ADHD set in. Specialty dogs rocked and tater tots to boot. Ill be back
The girl deni needs to realize this isnt as much a hotdog please as it is a cheesesteak place. If you want to great cheesesteak this is the place to go. I have been to Pennsylvania and had cheesesteaks in famous spots of Philadelphia and the ones here in Arizona from gs are the closest thing you will ever get to a real phili cheese steak. These things are loaded with meat and delicious cheese that just leaves you wanting more and more. Ive never tried anything else from there outside the classic cheese steak, but you are foolin yourself trying anythin else first and shooting this place down. These cheese steasks are just sooooo goood! Im amazed this place isnt more well known! Its sad, cause it rocks out loud man, five stars on the cheese steaks for sure. I wouldnt review this place until you try a classic, screw the hot dogs and all the other stuff. Ive had chili fries from there that were good, but not great. Bottom line- ABSOLUTELY CANT MISS W THE CLASSIC CHEESESTEAK!
If that's what a cheesesteak is supposed to taste like in Philly then I don't ever want to go to Philly!  This is one of the very few times that Yelp has led me astray. I only had this place bookmarked to try because it was a 4 star review. That cheesesteak was not good. Too salty, tasted like it was cooked in a sauce that should've been used for an asada burrito. With tax it came out to $7.58. What a waste!  This place is a good example of one and done!
This place is a Phoenix staple when it comes to food. You cannot find better hot dogs in the city than at G's Food. This amount of food you get with what you order is amazing. If you order chili cheese fries, I don't think you can see the fries at first glance with all the chili cheese they put. They also have great signature hot dogs that you won't be able to find anywhere else. Eating there is also a great experience as the inside seating area is literally filled with headshots of almost every major celebrity in last 20 years signed with messages with their love of G's Food. The only downsides to G's Food would be parking is very limited and you may have to park in the street which is metered. Also, the LINE! The line at G's Food's can get very very long but it is an experience that can't be beat.
Philly's Famous has a banner out in front of the restaurant touting, 

"WORLD'S BEST CHEESE STEAK"

Now I don't have cheese steak very often.  In Boston they're not even called cheese steaks or hoagies they are grinders or more specifically "grine-dahs".  So this is the first cheese steak I've had since moving to AZ.  

The cheese steak comes default with a "red sauce" which I declined.  I've only eaten in Philadelphia a few times so I have no idea if authentic "Philly Cheese Steaks" come with some kind of red sauce.  I like mine with cheese, grilled onions, peppers and mushrooms.  The peppers they put on the sandwich were slightly sweet pickled peppers, picked personally by the peck by Peter Piper.  This was a pretty good sandwich.  Not the world's best, probably not even Arizona's best.  Maybe Chandler's best?  Unequivocally,

"BEST CHEESE STEAK WITHIN 1 MILE OF THE INTERSECTION OF ALMA SCHOOL AND RAY RD!"
I love this place.   After living in the Philly area for a couple of years you can come to appreciate the way these sandwiches taste.    Yes, they push the cheese steaks, and they are pretty good.   To me they are a bit light on the meat but tasty.   My 2 favorite sandwiches in the place are the Buffalo Chicken Cheese Steaks and the Italian Hoagie.    

First, let me tell you bout the buffalo chicken cheese steak.  It is a good sized portion of spicy chicken in a sandwich with cheese.  It is beyond tasty.   It is outstanding!  

The Italian Hoagie is tremendous.   They pack this sandwich with meat, and it is truly the same taste that you can get in any Philly Deli.   Not an easy task to emmulate this here in AZ as many other east coasters can attest to.   

The place is  a small mom and pop deal.  People are friendly and it appears that many of the staff are family members.   You can always count on a warm friendly greeting and a smile.   

Great food, friendly staff.   What is not to like?
Don't believe the sign out front. While it is an OK cheese steak, it's definitely not the world's best. I had to ask for cheese whiz, and it really wasn't that flavorful.  Bread was fresh, and they are made to order, but I would compare it to Steak Escape at the mall and a little overpriced.  The service is extremely friendly though, I will give that 5 stars, but my money will be better spent elsewhere.
We live in Chandler, so we get take out here probably once a month. My husband is from the east coast and in both his and my opinion, these are the best cheesesteaks around! We love their spicy peppers (they are hot!) and while I am not really a cheesesteak fan, their chicken cheesesteak sandwiches are fabulous! The owners are hard working and really appreciate all of their customers and let you know it! 

We have been eating here for three years now and have never had a bad experience.
An okay cheesesteak , definitely not the "Worlds Best" as the sign says. I think next time I will try a hoagie. I've had the Cheesesteaks with gravy (red sauce) which they recommend and it was pretty good. I'm really a Cheez Whiz fan and they did offer it the 2nd time I visited but it didn't taste as good as others I've had. Not sure it was even real Cheez Whiz or just hard to tell cause they didn't put much on. I like it smothered! Not as good as the ones they have at the Suns games. 

Overall , they were very friendly so I will go back because it's close by. Also nice pics of historical Philadelphia buildings on the walls. I agree with the other reviewer. Probably "best cheesesteak at Alma School and Ray" would be a more appropriate sign.
The people there are great.  The cheesesteak is pretty good and Rita is the best sandwich maker.  Her girls are very hard workers and very friendly,, always greet you with a smile and hello.  I go there often and have cashed in on many free cheesesteaks(punchcard).  Only twice have I had minor complaints.  Last time her husband charged me for extra cheese for some reason and all I did was read what was on the cheesesteak from the menu.  It says "interlaced with lots of melted white American cheese" and he charged me extra.  Keep him at home.  Forget the fries too,, I hate getting the end of the bag.
Lived next to this place for years and never tried it. I have been missing out! Philly's are killer better than I have had in Philadelphia. No kidding. Beyond that they are so nice. I mean treat you like family nice. Great diverse menu and all the Philly cheese steak fixins imaginable.

I'm hooked on the mushroom chicken steak with onions and whiz. 

Try it out!

*btw - it says 'formal' attire.... this is NOT the case. What philly cheese steak place only serves you in a suit/tie. psh!
Have been looking for a good cheese steak since moving out here 5 years ago.  Lot's of people tell me they love Uncle Sam's and don't care what anyone else has to offer.  Check out my review on that.  Anyway.  This place is great.  Great food, great service, decent prices.  

I have to be honest, I have only tried it once, but I have been daydreaming about it ever since.  I tend to be a Plain Jane with my subs.  Give me the basics and I'm happy.  So my review is based on meat, cheese, and bread.  Thats all.  Oh and the service which was awesome.  Very friendly, attentive.  I even saw a guy walk in and ask for water.  They gave him a cup for free and he got it from the soda machine.  They have a "back east" atmosphere inside which was like walking into a sub shop back home.

Um and formal attire?  Really?  It's a sub shop people.
I went here looking for a TRUE philly cheese steak, I don't feel they have accomplished it. Their "cheese whiz" was not really cheese whiz. The red sauce they put on the sandwiches is not bad. 
Definitely not world's best as advertised, but good all the same.
I'm not an expert on philly's by any means, don't eat them all that often these days, but I was in the mood one day.  I enjoyed their standard philly, very fresh bread, piping hot abundant fillings, good tasting.  The fries were very good, sizzling hot and tasty.  

As I was eating there I caught a glimpse of their Italian hoagie and knew I had to come back for that, I did, and it was damn good.  I've been back many times and there are a few constants - a good thing these days.  They have a pretty regular crowd and many they know by name, the bread is always nice & fresh, ever so slightly sweet and so soft mmmm.  The fillings are always very fresh too, not a bad spot of lettuce, the tomatoes are nice & red/juicy, fresh onions, cheeses and meats.  And the fries are always hot!

I'm a little freaky about how the ingredients are layered and how a sandwich holds up til the end and I've never felt the need to rearrange the tomatoes or shift anything back to the last bite, never had a bread breakout or spill-through.   They pile on the meats & cheeses and they're nice & evenly layered.

I stop in fairly regularly because I know what I'll be getting, it'll be good and I feel that the staff truly appreciates my business.  They're very friendly and do things right.  Fortunately for me not a drop of Cheez Whiz around my food!
Went in today to get lunch at this place. I walked in and stood there waiting to be acknowledged...not happening. There were several employees that saw me and didn't even acknowledge me. I stood there for approximately two minutes waiting and I turned around and left. No smile, no welcome to Philly's Famous just a blank stare and a conscious avoidance. I won't be back.
You want a great Cheese Steak? Philly's Famous is the place!    A small shop with a dozen tables and a real family running the place.  Three generations working together and being together just like the neighbor shops back east.  This is the kinda character we are missing in Arizona.  What odors that have to do with a good cheese steak? Everything!  The daughter takes your order the mother runs the grill this shop is their lives and it just takes one bite of the steaming hot steak to know they care.  The bread is right, it's filled right and the red sauce is excellent.  Enjoy.
I love this place! It has solid 4 to 4.5 star food. They make, without doubt, the best Philly I've had east of the Mississippi. And they make it any way your heart desires. My sandwich fave is the Italian Philly. I get it with extra grilled onions and mayo, hold the red sauce. Their french fries are also really tasty. Everything is hot and fresh.

So if the food is 4 to 4.5, why the five star review? The staff, flat out. Everyone who works there is family and they seem to think I'm family too. Now we all have dark hair and a somewhat swarthy complexion but I don't remember any of these people at the Thanksgivings of my childhood. Doesn't matter. They treat all their customers as if they're family, and like they're family that's actually loved and missed.

If you have the opportunity, try a Philly at Philly's Famous. If you're a Philly fan you'll be really glad you did. Oh, and don't be surprised to pick up some new relatives along the way.
I have been back several times and still love it!  This is one of the only two places in the valley I will go to for a Philly cheese-steak.
Absolutely the BEST cheesesteak sandwich I've ever had. Mind you, I've never been to Philly, But I've had bad versions here and decent ones. This is the best.  I'm writing this review after my 4th visit, and i have not yet been dissappointed.  

I'll  start by saying, as a kid my dad took me to a neighborhood place in Tucson that made great cheesesteak, but ever since, i could never find one quite as good. Any restaurant serving a cheesesteak always seemed to be missing a certain flavor, even when properly decked with peppers, onions, mushrooms.   When I came here the first time I was confused by the "red sauce" they offered.  A cheesesteak with red sauce?  ( was picturing a marinara smothered sandwich)  The very sweet girl on the cashier explained that it was very light and once cooked in you don't see it. So I thought I'd give it a whirl.  Lo and behold! That was the taste, the missing something that all the other so called cheesesteak sandwiches were lacking. Apparently, some places don't mention that it's in there. It's a sorta, "secret ingredient" so if you order your sandwich without it, it may not be quite the same.  The bread was loaded with meat, onions, peppers, mushrooms. The cheese was perfectly melted in.  I swear their idea of 12" was more like 14" or longer yet, but who carries a ruler with them.  Even my dad, who is a big eater couldn't finish his whole 12" and fries.  As for the cheez whiz, to me that is junk that 12 yr olds eat on crackers or squirt right into their mouths being goofy. To me, it has no place in real food.  Even the term "real cheez whiz" sounds like an oxymoron.  So I can't give a fair review on their cheez whiz cheesesteaks, other than I'm glad it wasn't on mine! 

In short, the food is amazing in taste, quality, and quantity. As for the service? I'd have to go on -- You just won't find that down home friendly, famliy style atmosphere many other places.  Just read Audrey W.'s remarks, and ditto that.   Anyone who says different either caught them on a very rare day, or perhaps has issues of their own. These are solid, darn good people running this place.
Love, love, love this place!   The cheesesteaks at Philly's Famous are the best around.  You can't beat the friendly service either. Coming from PA I have had cheesesteaks from Pat's and Geno's many times but if I had to choose I would go for the cheesesteak at Philly's Famous.  They are numero uno in my book!
Their cheesesteak is a must try of you are ever in the area.   Nothing fancy about the sandwich just a good soft roll, good cut of ribeye, and the perfect amount of cheese.
This place serves up the best cheese steak sandwich west of the Mississippi. I have lived on the East Coast and would probably admit that their cheese steak is better than anyone I can remember, even in Philly itself (maybe its the bread?).

My absolute favorite sandwich is the "Bellyfiller."  This sandwich is a cheese steak sandwich with everything on it.  A month ago, I ordered about twenty mixed sandwiches from Phlly's Famous.  In that order, five of the twenty were the Bellyfiller.  These sandwiches lasted about 30 seconds before being taken!  

The staff is great.  The orders are completed even if they have to make a side sandwich (e.g. veggie) for that special someone.

In addition, to top it off, the serve Wise potato chips.  Now that is worth noting.

The mean price is about $5.50 per 8 inch sandwich.

Come by here, it is worth the experience.
This is my favorite place for cheese steaks, 

The staff is beyond nice and greeted me by name the second time I walked in the door. 
Visiting this place is like going to visit friends. I have gotten to know a few of the family members first names but I still do not know their last name.

This is one of the few places that carry Tasty Cakes.

It is noisy inside and I wish they had outdoor seating, but it is not so bad to keep me away.

Try it out, take a moment and say hi to the staff and ask them what they recommend, By the time you leave, they will make you feel like family too.
I never knew this place existed until just the other day.  Finally, I had to give into my urge for Philly and headed down the road to check this place out.  Not very assuming on the outside, I will say.

The inside is pretty east coast...In a totally good way.  

Not the kind of place you get fawned over it seems (unless you're a regular) but the customer service was certainly nice, and I got the food rather quick.  

I tried the cheese steak with red sauce.  It was awesome!  It ain't the cheapest I've ever gotten but it was worth the trip.  I suspect that I will be back!
Not only is the cheesesteak great the cold hoagies are just as good. Great fries. Great Mom and Pop shop.
Great service and food! Shonell did a wonderful job with our order and was very nice!!! The philly's are on point and are not soggy at all, just right and taste wonderful.
I had a craving for a philly cheese steak and I have been here before so I thought I should stop in to see if it is consistant. Conclusion, yes it is! I didn't have to wait long 5-7 mins max and my name was called. I get it with onions and red sauce which I think gives it moisture, otherwise I would think it would be dry and tasteless.   Brought it back to the office and ate it all within 10 mins.

People there are really nice and friendly. I will come back here again and again :)
Very tasty! Great service. Gets a little crowded at lunch.
YUM! Probably the best cheese steak I've had in AZ. The meat melts in your mouth, the flavors (yes I've had them more than once) are distinct for each. Lately I've been craving more of the spicy sandwiches and if you talk to Marc he will hook you up! They have a special spicy sauce that really adds some kick.

Marc is the owner of Philly's and he is the nicest man! So willing to cook up anything delicious - and I really like that he tries out new things. 

Give this place a try, I am definitely a fan.
I begin this review by saying that I was born and raised in Philly and lived there for over 30 years. Also let me state that I am a bit of a cheesesteak connoisseur. I've been to most of the places in Philadelphia that you hear about and many more that I'm sure you haven't. I find both Pat's and Geno's (the most popular places in Philly) to be more of a tourist's haunt for a decent taste of a Philly cheesesteak but certainly not the best. 

In any event Philly's Famous prepares by far the best tasting cheesesteak and hoagie that I've found outside of the mid-atlantic region. You will be very hard pressed to find anything as tasty or authentic in this region of the world. If you live here in AZ and have never had a steak sammich' in Philly then this is without a doubt where you need to go. All of the other local places who boast about having a Philly cheesesteak (not mentioning any names but you know who they are) should have their mouths washed out wit' whiz. In the past every time I would go to one of those places and order a cheesesteak my wife would just shake her head (because she knew that she would have to listen to me complaining about it during and after the meal). 

Best of all about Philly's Famous is that the folks who work there are terribly friendly and prepare your food with love and attention. A big plus in my book. 

Finally, if this is your first time be sure to order your cheesesteak without "gravy" (red marinara sauce). In Philly, adding gravy is a variation on the classic cheesesteak known as a "pizza steak", which is a different beast. They seem to add gravy here by default.

As a last tidbit, here is my usual: A 12" cheesesteak with fried onions, provolone (no whiz), salt, pepper, ketchup, no gravy and light mayo. That's how I've eaten my steaks for decades. Your choice may vary, but it's a fine starting point.
Wow, I can't believe this place has been here for over 5 yrs and I just found it!! Great friendly service, family owned, delicious food. I love how the cook suggested the worcestershire sauce and she was on the spot. I can't wait to come back here again!
Best cheesesteaks in the valley! Closest to Philly I've found!
Probably one of the better cheesesteaks I have had recently in the Valley.  I have not deviated from the original combo (original cheesesteak, fries, and a drink) from the 3 times that I have gone.  That means I enjoyed it.  They sell Wise chips also.  Friendly staff.
Good News: Great italian sub, great cheesesteak. They even carry Tastycakes. Very friendly staff.

Bad News: They are not the sharpest family. Watch the chaos that ensues when you place your order. They start screaming to each other and like playing the game whisper down the lane your order changes right in front of your eyes. Double check that they understood your order.
Been here many times, and consider it one of the best local places for an authentic Philly cheesesteak.  The Original is always a good bet with delicious combination of melt in your mouth meat, grilled onion and white american cheese, not to mention the bread with just the right amount of chewiness and softness to soak up the juices and not fall apart.  

Will keep going back, again and again.  Good job guys!!
Why would a vegetarian think to eat here? There's nothing vegetarian on the menu, but it's convenient to my work, so I called to see if I could get something without meat and cheese and they suggested a Veggie Bellybuster. YUMMYYY!!  Grilled peppers, onions, mushrooms, topped with fresh whatever you want, and even the 8" size is more than two handsful. The bun was just right. I've been back several times and every sandwich is made with an interest in my taste for the day. The young woman who's been there every time is a jewel, very friendly, and she has every reason to be proud of the food she's serving.
Visted 1/26/13. 

I was very pleased with this location.  I don't get involved in the arguements about which location is the best for Cheese Steak in Philly.  I just know if it taste good, I am happy. 

I had the Mushroom/Onion.  I would have liked a litle more cheese.  And I learned after the fact that I think I could have requested Cheese Wiz. 

Bread was good.  Filled with meat.  And I was very satisfied when I was done. 

I am adding this location to my list for a quick, GOOD, Cheese Steak.
Yay Philly cheesesteaks!  Been craving it all day!

Go to place locally for an authentic Philly cheese steak or hoagie.

02/01/13.  Back for the second weekend in a row.  Wish I was on this side of town more often.  Tried the Italian Cheesesteak this time and was not disappointed.  Made-to-order piping hot, quality steak with grilled onions and provolone cheese .  No surprise that this place is always busy.  If you haven't been yet, you've gotta try it if you're in the area.
I love this place!! They have the best Philly cheesesteak sandwiches around! Make sure to order it with the cheese whiz. Another good sandwich is the original hoagie. It has tons of meat on it!! This place is family run and they treat you like your part of the family.
I lived in Philly for almost 40 years before moving to Arizona. I do not miss the weather there but I do miss some of the local food such as waterice, soft pretzels, tastykakes, and cheesesteaks.

Fortunately for me, however, I found this friendly little restaurant that really does serve REAL Philly cheesesteaks. I own Hawaiian Experience Spa in Chandler and, as a business owner, spend lots of time at work. That does not leave a lot of time for cooking so I have to find good places to eat. Philly's Famous has become one of my regular lunch spots when working in Chandler.

This is a family owned shop with a friendly staff. The cheesesteaks are consistently excellent. They offer other items but I have never tried any because I just can't pass up the cheesesteak.

I highly recommend trying Philly Steaks if you are looking for a real Philly experience.
Simply the best!!!!
Wow and authentic cheesesteaks like I've experiencd in Philly.  A nicely found spot for me. I fully expect to be a frequent customer!
One of my favorite places to eat. Food is consistently good.
I've been in here more times than I can count in the 20 months since I moved here from Pennsylvania and this is the ONLY place that gets anywhere close to a decent cheesesteak! Their food is delicious & I take everyone here to introduce them to a real Philly cheesesteak. Granted, its a rather "hole in the wall" place, but aren't those the best??? It's not fancy inside, but is adorned with Philadelphia memorabilia. It is family owned AND operated. On a busy Saturday it can be rough to find a place to sit, but eat there you must because no place can compare in food or friendliness. This is my favorite place to eat in Chandler and they know me by name and by order!! I cannot say enough good about this place!!! Love, love, love it. Wish there were more than 5 stars because this place would have it!!
I have seen the flyers for this restaurant many times and finally found them and gave them a try. I like Philly cheese steaks and its touted as this is THE place for authentic PHILLY cheese steaks.  

The atmosphere is somewhat pub like, narrow seating available and I imagine seating may be a problem during the lunch hour. 

I ordered their most popular item cheese steak and had it prepared Philly style with onions and red sauce. Now the 8 inch sandwich looked delicious but to be honest I really didn't enjoy the flavor of it. Could it be the red sauce, melted cheese or what? I am not sure, but my gut tells me literally not to try that sandwich again. 

Aside from my bad tasty experience I would encourage all to give this place a try and I look forward to your reviews.
Great Family! Awesome Philly's. My new favorite place!  Goodbye Mill Ave:)
I like to start by saying i grew up and lived in Philadelphia my entire life until moving here about 7 years ago. Anyone from there would agree it's hard to find a good Philly cheese steak here in Arizona. After much disappointment I stumbled across Phillys famous, and the first time in a long time i wasn't disappointed. The only reason for the 4 star rating is the French fry portion has gotten smaller in the past year, and the price has gone up a bit. Still the best place to get a cheese steak in Arizona.
Absolutely amazing! There is a sign in the front that  says "worlds best cheese steaks". I wouldnt say world but this is the best Philly Cheese steaks in the state of Arizona.

Prices on food is fair

Staff is super friendly

Place needs to upgrade

Great place with great food
Went at about 1100 and half of Chandler was already there.  It's kind of a small place so when it's crowded, its crowded.

Even with a lot of orders it was pretty efficient in getting the food out.  As for the food (steak, onion, cheese, no sauce) it was pretty good.  Probably the best I've had but it's not like I eat a lot of cheese steaks so there may be better out there, but I'm not sure where you would get one (although I can tell you were to get a lot of mediocre ones).

Not a 5, but not a 4...probably a 4.5.
I don't know much about cheese stakes but this place is the bomb dot com... Staff is polite and friendly and food is great.. it also affordable. I like spicy so they offered me their secret habanero cheese steak! it was amazing. The food is fresh and made in front of you. The only negative thing is that they are not open sunday. stop  y this place and try something new it is the best philly cheese steak stop in chandler for sure. Also, i get the red sauce on the side. It is a tomato base however it seems to be better when dipped in to or poured on, if you like how it tastes.
My god so good mmmmmphsddj

The holy grail of sweet meat au jus coupled with mushrooms and onions transcended me into an experience akin to a stoner and a late night Taco Bell run~ 

I planned on saving half for later but that failed... Also eating and driving with this beast was a challenge as the juices dripped everywhere, BUT THATS OK CUZ I LOVE YOU MR. JUICE (Most cheesesteak places have dry beef :'( )

And with the summer buy one get half off deal its even better, for the price of subway I can get a Philly cheese x deux

Staff was bickering and apologized but I barely noticed, with a sandwich this good you could burn down my house for all I care.

Just a warning - you might have to change yo pants after eating here

*Almost as good as Jin's Grill in SD
Give your typical day a rating from 1 to 10 (10 being the highest of course). Then eat the Original Philly Sandwich from Philly's Famous. Your day is now a 10! These sandwiches are so tasty, it's unbelievable. I visited Philadelphia about 12 years ago and have been looking for a sandwich to match what I had eaten there. Well it's here and waiting for you in Chandler. Northwest corner of Alma School and Ray. 
Try it out and you will be back. Tell and bring friends to support this local and very tasty business. 
Here's to my next 10 day!
"She may not look like much, but she's got it where it counts, kid."  -Han Solo

Born and raised just outside of Philly, I get personally offended when I see a menu offering up "Philly Chesesteaks," when clearly they've never even seen one. Call it a steak sandwich all you want, but put "Philly" in front of it, and we expect - nay, DEMAND - something very specific. And 99/100 joints get it dead wrong.

This place is LEGIT. From the outside, or upon entering, it may not look like much, but then you hear the clatter of the spatulas on the flattop cooking up that meat wit onions, and you already know you're on the right track. 

Displaced Philadelphian? Come here and get your fix, you won't be disappointed. The red sauce is reminiscent of places farther north like Allentown and Bethlehem, but you can order the steaks without it. 

When I miss the food from back east, this is where I come.
My husband and I LOVE this place! It's right down the street from us so it's super convenient! The staff are always nice and super friendly. Everyone there is really easy going and the Original Philly Cheesesteak sandwhichs are AWESOME!!!! It's the only thing I ever order because why mess with the best? Prices are very reasonable. Just wish the shopping center they were located in was easier to access. And I wish they delivered! ;)
Excellent place to eat, we've been here quite a few times, wish I'd known about it sooner. Food is great and so is the service.
Delicious sandwiches! 

I pass by this place often and finally stopped in to pick up something to bring home for dinner. I ordered the meatball sandwich. Very good meatballs, tasted homemade to me.  I ordered a cheesesteak with jalapeños for my husband. He really liked it. Good and spicy, he said.
Shame because terrible customer service doesn't make up for the really good food...at least for me.
The cheesesteaks are very good but an hour to wait for a sandwich is just way too much. Also, there was no warning of how long the wait would be, and every time we asked how much longer, we were told 15 more minutes. It is too bad, nice family business, just not run effectively.
Phillies famous is an amazing place to go if you really like cheesesteaks you're gonna love this place give it a try you won't be sorry
I've been in Arizona since 1984 and have never found a cheesesteak or hoagie as authentic as Philly's famous!  I'm here at least once a month! Megan and her family always make me feel welcomed and truly appreciate their customers! Went to a new place in mesa today and it was supposedly authentic and I was not impressed!  Didn't even have sweet peppers!! I'll keep making the drive to get a real cheesesteak or hoagie!!
11/15/13

This location never gets old!!!  Always remember the "wiz"!!!  Makes a great start to the weekend.
Place looks like it was transplanted from Philly, sandwich was phenomenal, bread nice and soft, meat and spices was perfect, i've never been to Philly to say I've had an original Philly sandwich but I would have to say this would be close
Close to home and I'm a big philly fan. We called in the order and were asked how many sandwiches we needed and we said two. Apparently,  they were running low on bread and had we needed more we would have been turned down. Then we asked for the wedge cut fries and they were out of those as well. Starving and now craving Philly cheese steak, we ordered anyways. We took it to go and the food was very hot. Got home and it was still warm, to my surprise,  the fries were amazing and the italian philly I ordered was good. I got it with just meat and cheese. We would go back.
Great Philly Cheese. Good Service. Solid Steak, add the wiz you'll be satisfied. Great game day or cheat day food.
This former South Jersey girl LOVES this friendly, awesome little sandwich shop.  True Philly Cheesesteaks (with wiz, please) that are delicious and on the tastiest bread.  Perfect meat-cheese-bread ratio.

Staff is super friendly.  Sure, sometimes it takes a little while.  But Philly Cheesesteak perfection is worth it.
Best cheese steak ever! Wow!  Looks like a lil whole in the wall but fantastic food.  Great service
Brings me right back to Jersey.  Very well done with great bread!   Very cool owners too, send some business their way, we want them to stay around.
I am not a fan.  It was not terrible but it was not amazing.  A bit too salty for my taste.  The girls that work there are really sweet.  They were really busy so maybe I just got a sandwich a bit over seasoned.  I will give it another try.....but I have had better.
I thought I'd check this place out for lunch after reading the reviews online and I was definitely not disappointed.  The Philly Cheese Steak (add wiz of course) was amazing, as were the seasoned fries.  If you are in the area, definitely worth checking out.  I only had a short lunch so I grabbed it to go and even though they were busy, I was ordered and out the door in less than 5 minutes.  I definitely will be back.
These are the best philly cheesesteaks in Arizona. The next best are Forefathers, but either way you wont be disapointed. I know everyone that works here and they treat you like family. They are hard working and deserve our business! My tip is when they ask if you want red sauce, you say yes! Who the hell knows what red sauce is, but it adds something delish!
This place is phenomenal! Hands down, no question about it. The people behind the counter treat you like family. My only gripe is that the location is not more spacious, it can get very crowded during lunch time. The cheesesteaks are flat out the best I have ever tasted. Give it a try, you won't regret it.
Philly's Famous always comes thru with solid cheesesteaks. They have quite a selection on the menu and even tho I've been here 20 times, I've never ordered anything else. 

The meat is tender, the bread is soft, the cheese, sauce and onions are all good. The decor is obviously geared towards Philadelphia sports teams, along with the geographical pics denoting several landmarks, making it all look pub-ish. 

I like the family atmosphere that Rita and her family bring. She always greets me with 'Sweetie' and loves what she does. 

The only knock on PF is the speed. Joey tends to cook 1-2 sandwiches at a time. If you show up with no line: great. It takes about 7-9 minutes. If there is a line: yikes. I have waited a 1/2 hour in the past. Yes, I waited. They're good sandwiches. 

Try PF. My fave is the 8" cheesesteak with onions and red sauce. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
Let me explain. There aren't many genuine Philly cheesesteak places in AZ, this is one that come close. There are only 2 in the valley I can do, the other is DeFalcos in Scottsdale.
There's not enough cheese and meat inside for my personal taste. I'm still left a little hungry after 8 inches. Otherwise the overall taste is great!
The employees are all pretty much family. They're Very friendly! However, wait time is tremendous. 15-25min for your food. Don't come in a rush. 
The facility is ok. Nothing fancy. Could use a little more widening down. 
Overall, good place for a genuine Philly Cheesesteak
Hands down the best cheesesteak you can get in the valley. Family owned and delicious!
I come here about twice a month, I have not found a better Philly steak in Phoenix.
Very great place to eat!
I am from Harrisburg, PA, about an hour or so drive from Philly.  This is the absolute closest I have tasted to an actual Philadelphia cheese steak.  My husband and I love this place.  The guys I work with also now love this place.  The workers are friendly and glad you came in.   The steak sandwich - perfect, the bun is great, mine is always steak, muchrooms and cheese.  My husband perfers the works the largest they have.  The fries are great, just as everyone else has said.  I would definately recommend this place to everyone.  Oh, that's right I already have, remember I mentioned my work.  We cant eat here enough.
Hot, fresh, delicious cheesesteak hoagie. Definitely close to meeting the expectations of this lady who recently moved from the Philadelphia area, a little light on meat, but otherwise a reasonable substitute to flying out East for a cheese steak fix. Restaurant is quite noisy since the grill is in the dining area separated only by the counter. Staff is friendly and courteous, eager to please. We will be back.
I've been here a few times but this time I just had to leave a review. I'm from Baltimore and would go up to philly every other week to enjoy the city and get a banging cheese steak. This reminds me of some of the best I've ever had. Today I got the belly filler because I wanted something a little different. I always thought the normal cheese steaks were a little lacking on the cheese here but this one. Oh god. Just oozing cheese. They FTBU with cheese. It might have been the best cheese steak I've ever consumed. I love this place. Oh and if you want to go for lunch, CALL AHEAD. I always do and it's always just getting ready when I arrive. You get to bypass on the lines and waiting petrons. Anyway, amazing.
Never been to Philly so I can't tell you what an authentic cheesesteak looks or tastes like. I can tell you that the service here is exceptional and the food is pretty good. The first time I ate here, I was not impressed, at all. After a year or so of coming here about once a week for my lunch break, I can tell you that I am a fan, and since Joey behind the counter greets me by my first name when I walk in, I guess that makes me a regular. I usually come in around 11:30, just before the rush, so I get hear some of the conversations going on behind the counter in regards to food prep, these folks care about the quality of their food. Don't expect bells and whistles when you walk in, this place is old school, but well kept and clean.
This is as close to Philly as you can get!   The cheese streaks are freshly made when you order.  The staff is so personable that you want to come back.
Great cheesesteaks made however you want them.   Friendly service too.    One of the best in arizona.
Big phillys, friendly people who treat you like family. They got hoagies so loaded that you cant get you're mouth around. Looks like a hole in the wall but feels like home when you walk in.
Glory hole. This place is deliciously messy with Philly memorabilia exploding off the walls, pictures of the pope and family haphazardly taped up near the cashier area and open kitchen grill, hand written specials scrawled on a white board, very excitable (and very friendly) owners shouting at each other in some crazy mixed language.....it's perfect. 

I had the 8-inch with onions and Wiz, and some fries. The Fries could have been better but the sandwich was first rate. Chewy roll, super tender beef, not stringy at all. Loved it. 

There is a decent sized Sammy menu with all sorts of options so I am excited to visit again soon to check those out. 

If you are feeling the need for some old schoolEast coast cheese steaks eats in Chandler, look no further imo.
Fanatastic cheese steak sandwiches, made with or without red sauce and different cheeses including Cheez whiz. Hands down best Italian hoagie in Chandler! Always Great service from the whole staff.
They are good, but 20$ to feed one hungry man! Kinda pricey.... And that was just the original. We could go to a much better restaurant for 20/plate. I was good with half a sandwich so for me it was affordable just not the rest of the family!
Its a hole in the wall, so if you need to sit is a fancy new looking chain place, then this may not be for you.  But if you can live with an out dated building, this place has the most amazing food!

Seriously i think they use Angel meat in these sandwiches because i have never had a better Philly in AZ.
This place kicks ass!
This place is awesome! The atmosphere is very hole-in-the wall but there is an awesome back east feel from the family who runs it .  They take pride in what they make and it shows!
This is not a commercialized chain with generic food, so if that's what your looking for keep moving on... The walls are full of back east pics, specials are all hand written on a whiteboard. Real cozy and familiar feel!
on any given day you can hear the whole family bantering and arguing back and forth as t hey serve up the best Phillys in az bar none in a down to earth casual little restaurant
Just try it once and you'll be back again and again! P.s they do it right with real whiz!!!!
I'd been in the mood for a real philly cheese steak for quite a while, and this place fit the bill!  i went in there a little before the dinner rush, so I didn't have to wait, and was greeted by a very pleasant and helpful cashier. the meat and sandwich were very tasty, but it almost looks like they were using steak-um's like what you buy a the store.  I've never been to Philadelphia, so im not sure if thats traditional or not, because I know using Cheese Wiz is something they do there too.  The sandwich I ordered had provolone, and it was melted perfectly and mixed in with my chopped steak and onions.  Ordered the 8in, and it filled me up fine.  Overall, if you looking for a great cheese steak and service with a smile, go there!
This place has the best Philly cheesesteak I've every eaten. The employees are extremely nice as well.
We always love this place for a tasty and hefty lunch.  I prefer my cheese steak "hoagie style" with onions and red sauce.  The wife likes the mushroom cheese steak.

They make your sandwich up to order right in front of you, and it comes hot off of the grill.  The rolls are perfect, and there's lots of hot sauce available if you want to spice it up.

We've been wanting to try a hoagie, but the cheese steaks always win out!
This looks like no big deal from the out side, but then you bite into the sandwich! I am a firm believer in not judging a book by it's cover and this is a perfect example! The food here is so good and the service is fantastic. The older daughter of the owner  and the owner are the sweetest women I've met in Arizona!
When I walk in, I feel like I am always greeted so warmly and they are always so kind. 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone from the east coast looking for a bite of home, or anyone who respects and appreciates great food!! 
My one suggestion, preorder your food. It can get super busy in there at times!
I snub my nose at you zealous purists out there. I like my cheese steaks bastardized. Hold your cheese whiz. Drop the beef and toss on some chicken. And make sure to add vegetables. Yes, vegetables. Blasphemy, I know. Give me mushrooms, onions, green peppers, tomatoes. Mmmm. In fact, you could even hold the meat and I would be alright with that. 

The hot sandwiches at Corleone's are a happy medley of these two extremes. For the purists, there's the Philly Original and for us West Coast blasphemers there's everything from Buffalo Chicken to Veggie Subs. The fries are pretty decent (it takes some real effort--or neglect--to fuck up french fries) but the onion rings leave a lot to be desired. 
 
I've tried a couple different hot sandwiches, including the Philly Original, and it's always a greasy, messy event. The majority of the time the juice and grease of the contents melt right through the damn roll, leaving me with a pile of napkins, a mangled sandwich, and a frown on my face. (I really dislike it when my food falls apart. I usually bite of it as hard as I can to try and inflict pain on the offending meal. The food has never acknowledged my attack. It's a pretty irrational tradition.) So if keeping your sandwich in one edible piece is big in your book, I wouldn't recommend this place. 

The actual restaurant is pretty small, with a long bar with stools and several high tables to enjoy your vittles at. It's also a little bit on the hot side since half of the restaurant is the kitchen, and it gets a bit noisy with all the ordering, grilling and chit chat, but it's a really lively atmosphere and they offer delivery or take out if you're in a hurry. They're open really late too, especially on the weekends, in order to cater to the Mill Avenue night life.

On Tuesdays they have a special that's pretty ace. It's a buy one get one deal on any sandwich in the place--of equal or lesser value (just imagine that in small print)--so you and a friend can eat for cheap or you've got one sandwich for dinner and another for lunch the next day.

I know a lot of people that adore this place, but it's just not my thing. Cheese steaks are not the food of gods to me, but if the thought of hot beef and cheese whiz has you gargling saliva like Homer Simpson, you'll probably enjoy it and rate it higher.
I first heard about Corleone's on yelp and wanted to try them out, for sure. Looking at their website and prices, you get the idea that it's more of a HighEnd/Gourmet Place than your average place to get Cheesesteaks. Having recently worked in Philly and getting to have Real Philly Cheesesteaks wit the Wiz @ World Famous Geno's, I had high expectations for Corleone's version. 
But, I can't tell you how they rate. I've only had chicken, as I'm trying to cut out redmeat for a bit. The chicken is bomb. I've had both the Buffalo and BBQ wit-out onions, heh. First off, there's a good bit of chicken on these sandwiches. Second Part, the buns are those awesome soft Bolillo rolls. The sandwiches aren't huge for the buck, but I expected that. It doesn't stop me from ordering, at all. Corleone's has definitely worked into "The Rotation". 
I've only had delivery, it was the Tempe average 1 hour wait, with the Standard 2 buck drive charge.
I remember a couple years ago when there were four Philly cheesesteak places on Mill Ave. Corleone's drove them all out of business. You can't compete with these guys. And hailing from the city of brotherly love, I like to think I know a thing or two when it comes to the perfect cheesesteak. 

I usually order a cheesesteak with mushrooms and whiz (Cheese Whiz). Corleone's packs their cheesesteaks with savory meat and drizzles the steaks with the Whiz, which glistens on the sandwich. For you Philly peeps who like Pat or Geno's, you're sure to like Corleone's.  You can even order a Tasty Kake for dessert.

If you live in the Mill Ave. area, the restaurant delivers.
This place is not even close to the best place for a cheesesteak.  This doesn't really surprise me considering there are only two places I have been to in the West that makes a GOOD cheesesteak, one is in Scottsdale and the other in Orange County, CA.

Right off the bat their prices are WAY too high for what you get.  They have an option on the menu for "Extra Steak $2.50".  WTF??  I'm paying $10 for a sandwich and there's a chance I might want more steak on my sandwich?  Hell no.  For $10 I had better not be able to finish that thing, just the way it comes.  Well, turns out I should have paid the $2.50 b/c the regular portion was very weak.  Of course then I would have had a $12.50 mediocre cheesesteak instead of a $10 mediocre cheesesteak.

This place left a lot to be desired and I'll never waste my time there again.  Just as I had expected... overpriced and mediocre.
I went the first time with a roommate who's family was from Philly, so I had high hopes that it would be good, especially if my roommate approved.

And it did not disappoint.  The whiz's were definitely on point, and I definitely felt that I was shaving the years off with each bite.  The staff and some customers are good entertainment too, which is always a bonus.

Price is a little up there for my liking, considering the local eating alternatives, but during the time I was in the area, it was definitely on my list of places to frequent.
Ah, this place only gets 3 stars.....it would get more but...read on:

1.  This is a great spot to eat after last call...packed, but damn it's good.  
2.  Always get it with Whiz....duh.
3.  Fries aren't half bad
4.  Be ready to cough up $10-12 for a sandwhich, fries, and a drink.

Okay...really....10-12 to eat at this place??????  Rip-off.  That' s my biggest complaint.  It would be different if the food was amazing or it was overflowing with meat....but it's neither of those things.
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta... I heard that song last time I walked in. The guy that made my sandwich kept rubbing snot off his nose and didn't wash his hands. He asked me if I wanted the wiz or if I was a skirt... Can you call a girl a skirt....?.... I went with the wiz wanting to appear like a educated philly girl.  It was gross, really gross. The meat tasted freezer burned and so did the fries.. Slathering the crap in cheese wiz only made it more apparent that I was going to have a heart attack before finishing it. Don't eat here, you'll be sorry.. Your stomach will drop kick you over and over. Cheese Wiz is gross.. They have other things on the menu, like greasy grease sloshed around in cheese, or for a healthier version you can add grease soaked mushrooms and peppers to your cheese soaked brittle bun. Warning - Only skirts do that. When you go to Corleones you wanna be a gangsta. Ok maybe not.. but I did want to cap the bitch that frightened me into ordering the wiz..
Ok, I'm a dude that likes meat and cheese, so, hey, sandwich with meat and cheese should be pretty awesome, right?  I love Chicago-style Italian Beef, and this is kinda similar components.  

So why is the Italian Beef so delicious and the Philly Cheesesteak so repugnant?  

Wiz.

Blech, blech, blech, blech.  

Whoever invented Cheez Wiz needs to be punched right in the balls and made to refund the $10 it cost for this sandwich.
The folks working at this place have that inner city "charm."  Except when they act like they were pulled off the streets, unbathed and ready to make your sandwich.  You have to fight for the flea's attention span of the guy who's taking your order over his shouts to his friends outside, the television, and the other people working with him.  
The cheese-steak  wasn't that bad, although my cold fries were covered with lukewarm cheez wiz.... nasty.

This place is nothing like the location in phoenix.  It's like the diry little brother of the phoenix location.

Thumbs down.
Wit Wiz is where it's at.  I was surprised and pleased to find an authentic cheesesteak in Tempe.  The large size was more than enough for my wife and I to share.
Growing up in PA, I had no idea that "Philly Cheese Steaks" really were only in Philadelphia. I just always assumed they were one of the basic food groups, and took it for granted that everyone had them.

Not so. 

Corleone's is the only place in Phoenix that makes them for real. Maybe they could use just a little more grease, but they have wiz, which almost makes up for it. Also, the guys working here the night I visited reminded me of the beefy guidos who work Reading Terminal Market.
WAY too expensive for what you get.

It may be one of the only places in Tempe that uses the authentic "wiz", however I don't want to pay for the novelty when I can get a better sandwich for $3 less at The Munchies Cafe on 6th and Mill.  

Corleones offers other cheeses than the "wiz", and when I ordered my sandwich with provolone they didn't give me any crap about it.  That doesnt mean it was good.  The sandwich was almost $10, and it wasn't very big.
I have to admit, I love a good Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches...So when I heard about this place I had  try it.  We made the drive down there...park in the parking garage off of 5th st.  Walked to the resturant and was pretty impressed.  Place was really clean, guys behind the counter were as nice as philly people can be.  Then I looked at the menu, saw what I wanted to order and ordered it.  I ordered an full size cheesesteak with cheese wiz...i made it a combo.  I was shocked that it came out to like $13 for a sandwich, drink and fries.  When I finally got my food, I was impressed with the taste but don't know if it's worth the $13 I paid for it.  If you don't want the combo, the full sandwich is still $9.  So if you want a good sandwich, be prepared to friggin pay for it.
I liked this place but I don't love it. I had the Chicken Italiano 'wit' grilled onions. I upgraded to a combo and had cheese fries, which was the highlight of the meal. I think if I ever come back I would order everything with philly cheese whiz maybe that will convince me to give this place another star.
UPDATE: I originally gave this place 4 stars but I am now giving it about 2. The food is good but the service is just horrible. Typical Philly style is to be a little douchey but this place goes a bit far. The manager (tool that looks about 45 and divorced 3 times) has a huge attitude. He also seems to hire only other dudes that have his same attitude. We go in here about once a week and even though this place is pratically empty everytime the people in there always act like they have never seen us before. So to sum up, douchey dudes with horrible service and food is hit or miss now. Though when it is hit then its pretty damn good but there is no way to know what mood the staff will be in. So try it and maybe youll get lucky but most likely you will be disappointed.
I'm not usually a fan of chain places but this place is A-OK! It is a little bit pricey, about $10 for a full size sandwich. Their fries are pretty generic and come frozen out of a bag so dont expect spectacular there. Whenever I go there I get the Steak Italiano, its got provolone, steak, onions and spinach, it is very very tasty! The steak is cooked to perfection usually and all the toppings are chopped up and mixed in nicely. They of course have the classic wiz wit cheesesteak, Im just not a fan of the wiz. The only reason I dont give this place five stars is because of the generic fries and the service. I wish I could give this place 3 1/2 stars because the service is usually pretty blah. The teenagers or college dudes working in there act pretty authentically Philly for a chain place in Arizona. And by authentically Philly, I mean pretty down with the "I dont give a shit" attitude. Overall I give this place a "It doesnt remind me of Nancy Reagan, so Ill be back!" ;
I'll take my steak with onion and Provolone, the only way a steak sandwich should be made.. If you like "wiz", someone should wiz on your sandwich.. Talk about a fake cheese product..
I like the onion rings over the fries. Sure you can go somewhere else to get a steak sandwich for less, but $10 for a combo is a good deal. Its not a $5 footlong (icky)
They serve Coke products the only way to go!
I really love this place. It never fails to be high quality and delicious. My only complaint would be the amount/type of seating, but that is just a mere location issue. And as far as cheese wiz vs. provolone or whatever people use on their cheese steaks, I think it's however you prefer it, and I know people from Philly that take it both ways.
WARNING!!!!  EXTREMLEY RUDE EMPLOYEES!!!!

If i could give a half or quarter star i would!!!!!  But one star is the only option.

You wouldnt beleive how the staff treats you here. Completley unprofessinal and these guys have no idea what the word Hospitality means, BTW, no part of my story is inflated or exagerated!! Everything is right on

Came out to Tempe to watch the Angels spring training games, Saturday the 21st of March, around 430pm after the Angels and brews game we headed back toward our hotel and stopped by this place to give them a go. i go inside with my buddy and his fiance. I ordered first, got the cheesesteak hoagie togo. once he hands it to me i asked if i could get a side of ranch. he grabs it and as he hands it to me he asks  "are you putting that on your sandwitch" I replied with a Yes. He then rolls his eyes and gives me a huge sigh, Then he actually tells me that if he'd known it was for the cheesesteak he would have never given it to me...... Excuse me, I just paid you  $10 for a hoagie and your going to stand there and tell me how to eat my cheese steak.. My friends and I are completley blow away by the way this guy is talking to me. very unprofessinal. By this point  he's standing behind the grill and has stopped cooking even though he had orders there and begins to get into a verbal confrontation with me. Looks toward my friend and Starts yelling at him as well. Then the indigent looking Cashier comes by to back is patron up, completley oblivious to whats been happening. The funny thing here is that  back at the room I'm telling my brother about what happened, he just begins to laugh, and he tells me he was there friday day and the exact same thing happened to him. Thats not it though, this happened to my friend the night before because he didnt hear them calling his name to pick up his hoagie,   Well that friend ended up walking in to use the bathroom and gave me a higfive, the guys look at him and tell me they were yelling at him last night because he forgot his cheesesteak. It seemed as though they were trying to backpeddle and use him as an excuse to why they where being complete douchbags toward my self and friends. But he didnt even know i knew him till he gave me the high five as he walked in. I though it be best to walk out side and just leave things the way they where, I was obviously not getting anywhere with these guys. 

Now the hoagie was good. I've never had it with wiz and i have to say i enojy it a bit more than with the provelone. So, Sandwitch good, But incompetent employees BAD!!!!  And its sad to say this but Corleones will never see my money AGAIN!!!!    Even if you had the best cheesesteaks in the world pissing off your guests isnt a good thing for business. Funny, i have two friends that work at Tavern, and Another a zuma, And a waiter at La Bocca.  They all told me I'm not the first to be treated this way, I know im not local but you never know who your talking to. 

Angry cook, dont get to comffy at this place, I say give an education another try cause you didnt seem to bright as is. Cashier, shave your beard...you look homeless.  Corliones, Great cheesesteak but that was my first and last one!!!!
I think if you're drunk you'll eat anything... that being said my philly cost me almost $10 and it wasn't until I got my receipt back that I noticed they added cheese wiz. I can't say that I would choose to eat here or cheese wiz other than at 2 am, but it def. serves its purpose.
I love Corleone's.  I couldn't believe it was so hard to find an authentic philly in such a big city but Corleone's  is pretty dead on, right down to the soggy bun and wiz.  personally, not a wiz fan, but the fact that they have it is great .  Not sure why people are complaining about something they chose to put on their sandwich.  TASTYCAKES TOO!

The employees have always been nice when i've been there, not the typical brand of pushover yuppie that has taken over Tempe tho' so maybe thats why some of the more "sensitive" folks have taken issue w/ good natured teasing.

East coast atmosphere and east coast food,  on the expensive side for being a cheesesteak dive but it's worth it since you cant get them anywhere else in this stinkin' desert :)
Went to the Mill Ave location and ordered the Philly Cheesesteak with wiz.  It was greasy, oily, fatty, and absolutely perfect.   I'd probably die of a heart attack if I ate it every day, but I was in town for only one night and had it both for dinner the first  night and for lunch the next day.  I will have to work hard to keep myself away from it when I return to Phoenix.

Oh, and I should mention that the guy who appeared to be the manager was very friendly and cordial.  These small things make a difference to me.  Also, although others have felt the price was a bit high, I cannot complain about paying $10 and being fully satisfied.
You get what you pay for when you use wiz and Sysco steak-um. Nuf said.
I stopped in with a friend who wanted "a sandwich" when we were on Mill a few days ago. We were instantly greeted by the owner of the restaurant and given the "run-down" of who he is, why he's here, etc. etc. He explained that "this aint no fuckin' Quiznos" and gave us some suggestions as we were standing agape in front of a colossal pyramid of cheese whiz cans. 

The cheese whiz. I'm not sure if I get it. Isn't this just... Velveeta? Do I really want that on a sandwich? Probably not. But I really didn't have a choice. I told him to make the sandwich the real way. And apparently that meant drizzling that shit all over a pile of meat and putting it on some bread. (And some really good bread at that). It was good.  Although, I'm still thinking the provolone would have been better. I suppose I just never acquired a taste for the stuff. 

+4 stars for the food and hospitality/surliness. -1 star for the just-slightly-too-high prices. All in all, this is one of the better places to eat on Mill.
No Stars wasn't available, Come here if you want to be treated like you are doing them a favor by buying their overpriced sandwiches.

I guess they serve "Philly Style" customer service also.
I was born and raised in South Philly, the birth place of the cheese steak, hoagies, and all foods that will eventualy clog your arteries, or at the very leat be well worth the self induced heart burn, mmmm. lOCATING this place was literarly a food oasis in the desert, otherwise known as Sun Valley, Tempe, AZ. The owner and his staff were home grown guys that I grew up with in school, not them personaly, but that type of over friendly, a bit rough aruond the edges type. The owneer was so happy to have a guy from Philly eating there that he gave me afew bucks off my meal, which was about as authentic as you are going to get out in taco bell land. No offense Phoenix area people, but you are plagued with Meexican food and spicy SW resturants galore....and believe, you, me, I love those types of foods, but man, byt he time I stumbled upon Corleone's, my looking glass self persona was in full sing,that South Philly persona erupted outof me, similar to the Hulk in a crisis situation!

      The practicality of shelling out $9.00 for a cheese steak is even a bit steep back home in Philly, but in my mind's eye, it was worth the taste of home, under the tripple digit sunshine, no rain fall weather, that Arizona was offerign me last weekend! I do understand there are several other resturant to select from on Mill St is it...? but this place is worth it if you want to taste the real deal from my hometown of Philadelphia. PS. GO PHILLIES!!!!
The owner was very talkative, but I wouldn't call him rude. He was actually quite nice. I didn't get any attitude for changing my cheesesteak to no onions with provolone instead of cheese wiz. It was delicious too. I wish they had this place in Chicago.

Visited: 11/19/09
If you're calling an Italian sando 'The Godfather', I'd expect more than the taste of lettuce and pickled peppers, unless, of course, said Godfather was a vegetarian.  I can see the pepperoni, cappy, mortadella, et al...I just can't taste them. Crappy.

Service = apathetic.

Extra info:  Blaring Hall and Oates in a space that size doesn't make the dining experience better.  Just saying...
To all of you folks who stare in disbelief at the cheez whiz cans, this place isn't for you.  This place is for those of us who fell in love with Pat's Steaks and can't afford to fly to Philly when we get that urge for a giant slab of yummy goodness.  Seriously, I refuse to buy a cheesesteak sandwich from any shop that doesn't have the whiz.

The owner is a nice guy.  The fact that he tries to make conversation while you make your order when most cashier drones at other shops just give you disinterested looks is a plus.  True, the conversation may veer toward awkward or strange, but at least he's being personable. I won't take that away from the man.

The only thing that I don't like about Corleone's is the price.  I will still pay what they're asking for what amounts to the best damn cheesesteak this side of the Susquehanna river, but I'd be much happier if the prices lined up with what I used to pay at Pat's.  If the prices came down, I'd be there a whole lot more.
I really liked this place when I came here during college :(

I got excited to stop by again after leaving from school, so i scooted over as soon as I had a chance.  I got there, and saw the menu, and the whiz, and got pretty excited!

And I kept looking the menu.  And kept looking.  And kept looking.  And then wondered if anyone was working?  And looked at my friend, confusedly.  And then we bounced.

We just sat there for a few minutes, with nothing going on.  How does that happen?  We ended up walking down the street to get food...immediately :(

It also looked more expensive than I remember it being, but I could be wrong.  I don't remember paying $9 for a regular sized sandwich tho.

Also, they were playing Ion on their TV.  Ion?  Wtf?  There was football and basketball on.   And they were playing...Ion?

I still have a fondness in my heart for this place but...how can I positively review a place where it didn't look like people were working?
Pretty good stuff.  Get the #1-the original and don't forget the onions and the whiz!  Employees were personable.  Food was fast and hot.  Nice, casual setting.
I am in no way an expert on Philly Cheese Steaks. I just happen to know the right people and the ones who have searched out good food. So my friend who lived in Philly for quite a few years had searched out Corleone's and informs me that this Cheese Steak is the closest thing you can find to a genuine Philly Cheese Steak! 

So we went to try it, and my only regret is that I did not find this place sooner! They cook the meat right there for you, so you don't question its freshness! I of course ordered my with Cheese Whiz, which I am kind of embarrassed to say, but I love my Whiz. 

I was informed that what makes this a Philly Cheese Steak is the bread, the way it meltdown to nothing but the crust just enough to keep the meat in. Not sure if that factor went into why this is a sandwich I dream about and I must get my Corleone fix at least one a month! If only it were closer to work! Oh well! Its worth being late!
I love this place!  Coming from PA, I know a great cheese steak and Corleone's is the best outside of PA.  I love that they sell Tastycakes as well...yummy!
We had friends in town from out of state and wanted to take them to Corleone's since it was one of our favorite casual restaurants. We were there on July 12, 2010 around 1:30pm or 2:00pm. When we walked in the door, we were given the spiel about how much better Corleone's is than other cheesesteak places. He (the manager) even went as far as to put down the other Corleone's restaurant on 16th street and Camelback in Phoenix that we frequent quite often, like at least weekly sometimes a couple times a week.

Keith (or so he said that was his name), the manager, proceeded to  make cocaine and drug references about the food. Saying that his creation flies out the door like cocaine, good drugs and gold bars. After we stated that we didn't appreciate the drug and cocaine references because we had a 14 year old girl with us, he proceeded to make an inappropriate remark about her looking more "mature" than a 14 year old girl. One of us left with the 14 year old and her mother. When asked who the manager was, he told us that he was and tried to shake hands. After refusing to shake his hand and starting to walk out the door, he said and don't ever grace my door again...no problem, we would NEVER go back. It's sad that a person like this can ruin a very good restaurant for more than one location but I am seriously considering never going to another Corleone's since someone like that can be a manager.
I've been to Corleone's a few times now, and it's not terrible. I couldn;t really pinpoint what it was, but none of the toppings really had that "oomph" you look for in a great cheesesteak. I must admit, I was a little disappointed. Philly cheesesteaks are just a classic food and I was really expecting a little more, especially for the price. It's not that the food is bad, but the price is definitely high for the taste. I just have a hard time spending that much on a cheesesteak when there is a Jimmy John's (much cheaper) and a Five Guys Burgers (delicious) just a little down the street. One upside, though, is the Cheez Whiz. That stuff, in my opinion, is a great way to make Cheesesteaks and one of the main reasons I wanted to come to Corleone's in the first place. There just aren't that many places around that offer Cheez Whiz for their cheesesteaks. I'll probably be back only because of the convenience of the location. I know that I'll catch myself craving another great cheesesteak (as I do often) while I am near here and end up going in to give it just one more chance, only to be disappointed as I was the other few times I went in.
full of grease tons of meat cheese wiz ... the real deal... just like they make them in the 215... authentic philly cheese steaks at this place
I still remember the first time I walked in to try the sandwiches at Corleone's.

I stood there in front of the register gazing at the menu thinking about what I would or should or could order. 

The guy with a military type buzz cut  interrupted unfocused decision making process asking me if this were my first time in. I responded saying yes and he immediately punched in a few buttons on the register as he told me what I would be having.

For a moment I though to myself "what a rude a-hole but then I thought well the guy knows whats good there and then I thought about how many times I wanted to just skip passed the silliness of dealing with indecisiveness of many people I had to work with and decided I liked that jerk who took my order.

I must say the order was definitely not what I would have ever chosen for myself but it was insanely good. It actually became the most common sandwich I would eat from that place. I introduced many people to this place and most feel the same that it is very good.

Now that I am here in Dallas, TX I have even recommended this place to friends out here when I found out they would be going out to Scottsdale for business. They ended up coming back bragging about how much they liked it.
A tasty, convenient spot for lunch/dinner. A slice of Philadelphia right in our own back yard.
I had lunch here and to be honest its the first time I've ever eaten a cheese steak sand which. That being said it was dee-lish the steak was cooked perfectly,the roll was fresh and soft but had a bite and a nice chewiness. Lunch was a little pricey at$10 for a regular sand which but it was definitely worth it. They just started delivering and I'm lucky enough to live in their delivery area. If your in Tempe on mill ave and want a great cheese steak make sure and check out Corleones.
Yeah, the food here isn't all that bad.  I'd give the food 4 stars by itself.  But...

Service = shit
restaurant = shit

Normally you get what you pay for, but the prices here are a fucking insane.  On my last visit, I paid somewhere around 14 dollars for a cheesesteak, fries, and drink and slice of pizza.  The girl at the counter told me a price after I asked her roughly what the total would be (told me all that would be about 8 bucks) and after ringing up the total, it was around 14.  OK...  

When asked what I wanted on it, I asked for wiz but light on it.  A few people working there laughed at me.  Hey fuckers, were not in Philly, were in the desert.  Some of us don't like that much on the sandwich.  A guy making my sandwich spills some steak on the counter, picks it up with his fingers and puts it back on the sandwich.  Nice.  He gives me a "what is your problem" look.  Another lady working there spent the ENTIRE time (waiting in line, ordering, waiting for food, and eating) looking at her cell phone.

Anyway, the food is awesome, worth trying if you don't mind the price tag.  Sitting in the restaurant to eat itself is cramped.  I was lucky enough to get a seat at the "bar" that is crooked.  My drink falls over.  I try to clean it up but there is a line of people standing around me.  I give up.  The condiment bar looks like a dog gnawed a ton of shit together and left it there.  I couldn't tell what was what.  They were out of ketchup.  I didn't even bother telling them.

I will agree that the food here does resemble what you get in Philly (minus the pizza, stay away from that.  Came out cold, told them, they did nothing) but hardly worth putting up with the fucking service there.  If I wanted to be treated like shit I'll go to work, but I'm not paying for it.

*updated as of 3/17/211*
Lowering to one star.  Decided to give this place a try again and they pissed me off.  Ordered two slices of pizza before a St. Patricks day adventure.  Ordered to a guy who told me to "wait a second" as he was checking his cell phone.  For about two minutes.  What the fuck?  Took my order and I waited.  Drunk college girls came in after me (bear in mind, this was around 6p.m.) and gave my food to them because they ordered the same thing.  I wait.  Again longer.   He flirts with them.  I ask him about my food.  He is checking his cell phone.  I hear employees at the soda fountain saying "We aren't going to have enough fucking ice tonight!" as they asked the cook for a kitchen knife to cut ice bags open.  Cook take the knife back after it is it used for cutting open ice bags and dropped two times on the floor, and hands it back to the cook.  I only was able to observe this because I spent the better part of 20 minutes waiting for my food with nothing else to do.  He cuts bread with it without washing it.  Lovely.

Since they "forgot" about my order so John Q. Cashregister could forget about mine and give it away to try and hook up with college girl customer, my pizza slices were only warmed up for about 30 seconds.  The center was cold.  A few bites into it, I throw the rest in the garbage.

And the napkin dispenser is out.  I tell the guy but he is too obsessed with getting pussy.  F this place.

I hope the owner of this place reads this.
I have to preface that every time I've visited this location it has been after midnight and I might have been pretty intoxicated. With that said, yummy yummy drunken food! I love that they are open after the bars close. I love to get a side of hot sauce to dip my sandwich in. Nice tool to soak up the alcohol.
After enjoying a drink at a nearby bar I decided to grab a bite to eat at Corleone's.  The first thing I noticed was the pizzas sitting near the counter waiting to be served by the slice and they looked really good.  Since this is a Philly place, however, I opted for the cheesesteak.  I am slightly biased against Philly's most famous cuisine (I prefer pizza, hot dogs and kebabs) but they offered wiz as a cheese selection and I have not come across many places outside of Philly that offer whiz.

Overall I was impressed with the steak but it wasn't great (I've had better in Philly and here in Phoenix) and they were skimpy on the whiz.  My biggest grip was the price.  It came $13.38 for a steak, fries and drink.  That's too much money for the amount of food and quality.

But I will be going back to try the pizza because it looked really good.  If they can sell me on the pie I just might have to reevaluate my rating.
I work on Mill Ave and wanted to try something new so I gave Corleone's a shot. A sign on the window advertised a Phili Combo for $5 or $6 available everyday however, when I asked the guy inside about a lunch combo he rudely informed me that they don't have one. I still gave it a chance and got the small Buffalo Chicken Phili. The sandwich was alright but not worth the $7.50 I payed for it. There wasn't much meat and the bread fell apart after the first bight. I definitely won't be back.
Tasty overall.   Good cheesesteak but a little pricey.   7.50 for a half sandwich with the works.  Add 2.50 for soda and fries.   Good philly memorabilia on the wall.
I've been coming to this place for quite awhile because of the Philly Whiz.  There is something about rib eye steak grilled up with onions and cheese whiz!!  Only downside is if you want the value meal with the regular sized sandwich you are going to pay $10+.
We need 1/2 stars on Yelp cuz I want to do a few extra points for the fact that these guys are from Northeast Philly and are proud of it.  They put it down on Mill Ave daily and they are actually worth the stop here out West.  If you know how to order, you can get the perfect replica of the masterpiece that Philly is known for and be assured that it is the genuine article.
Now if that makes sense... you might be the one to sling wiz on a perfectly good sandwich deserving All White American!  I like mine with fried onions, banana peppers, mustard, mayo, and a wee bit of ketchup too!

Plus they have Tastykakes every once in a while.
I've had there pepperoni pizza a couple of times now when they were doing $9.99 pizza specials.  The pizza is A-OK for the price but takes forever to come out.  I have yet to try a cheese steak here and will update my rating after I give it a try.  Guy behind the counter was really confused or extremely hungover  when I came in for an early lunch.
I am from the Philly area and never miss a chance to get a cheesesteak and a hoagie when I go home.  I tried both at Corleone's and the results were mixed.  The cheesesteak was just about right.  Although it needed a little salt, the bread was good and the steak tasted very good.  I don't like cheese whiz, so I was glad that there was a choice.  There is no consensus on that particular choice at home either (I almost never see cheese whiz in the suburbs, where some of the best sandwiches are made).  I was trying to figure out whether to go with 3 or 4 stars as I tried the hoagie.  I went with three.  The hoagie was not good at all.  It had way too much ham, not enough of the spicy Italian meats, the provolone was not prominent enough, and there was not enough oregano.  So this is a great place to go for steaks, although a bit expensive, but I would steer clear of the hoagies.
I've eaten here many times over the years and feel that they serve the best Philly Cheese Steaks around!  I love the atmosphere and great location in the heart of Tempe!  Their AC can't keep up with the Summer heat in August.. that would be my only complaint.
Been hearing all the buzz about Corleone's Philly Sammies here at work, and was told by a coworker to goto their website & sign up for their fan club, and I did and got a free small sandwich! Hot Damn!! That makes this place all right with me!! I do love the free stuff.  I checked out their menu and decided on the Little Joey's Cheesteak Hoagie with grilled onions and mozzarella cheese!  I did get a little harassment for picking the Joey, but hey I got a lil Joe in my life that I'm very fond of, so why not go with a good thing right! The sandwich was delish!! The steak was tender the bread was firm yet not tough to bite. I think if Im every in the mood for a philly sammie I will be back & will try with Philly Cheesteak! Love finding new lunch spots!
I wish there was an option for ZERO stars.  I came here one late night after a night out in Tempe.  We went to Corleone's for two reasons - 1, we were hungry and 2, we needed to use the restroom badly.  As one of the few open places in the area, it seemed like a good plan.  However, after ordering our mediocre sandwiches, which we waited over 15 minutes for, we were told the bathroom is closed at night, even for the employees!

What kind of establishment is allowed to be open, serving food, and does not even have a restroom?

I think they should be shutdown.
this Philly girl was extremely happy :)  I was shocked to find a cheesesteak place that truly reminded me of home! but make sure you get 'wiz wit out' !!  Tiny tiny little place .... we were there in the middle of the day on a Saturday before school started so service or lines were definitely not a problem.  I can definitely see this place being crazy busy at around 1 am on a Friday night :)
Upon my first visit to Corleone's (On Mill Ave),  I asked the cashier what to order. He told me to get the regular cheese-steak "wit wiz" and onions. I was skeptical about the 'wiz' but I shouldn't have been!! My cheese-steak was absolutely delish!! The wiz melted perfectly over the freshly cooked meat/onions, and that concoction nestled perfectly in a fresh bun! Also, the crispy/flavorful fries complimented my sandwich perfectly. I wouldn't order take-out (for fear of soggy-bun-syndrome) but I will definitely go back to Corleones anytime I get that craving for an amazing cheese-steak and casual/fun atmosphere.
$13 for a bland, large cheesesteak. $13 for a bland, large cheesesteak with 5 pieces of mushrooms that we paid extra for. $13 for a bland, large cheesesteak that we ordered with fries -- we got about 10 pieces for that $3.

Absolute and utter rip off. Semi-friendly cashier who seemed hell bent on rushing us through our order even though there was NO ONE BEHIND US.

N
O
.

N
E
V
E
R

E
V
E
R

again. EVER.

If I could give this place zero stars and burn it down in the process, I would. It was shiteous. Absolutely shiteous.

Am I making myself clear? I think I am.
Horrible. Slow. Bland. Overpriced. Period.

If you're into dry cheesesteaks that take 20 mins to get to you. This is your spot.
Twice a year treat. Love this place for lunches during the Winter and Spring street fair. VERY pricey, but the cheese fries are delicious. Worth trying at least once in your life! Can get crowded, so be warned!
This place has cheap pizza by the slice & is open late night.  The pizza tastes okay.

That is all.
The service is horrible, I asked if I could change my order before she even entered it into the computer, and she told me no. When I got the sandwich it was dry and bland, the bun was hard and dry but the worst was the fries, a couple of them were still frozen and a couple were rapped in hair. Gross. Not a place I will go back too.
Had the Pizza. Wasn't anything to brag about. Just ok.
I read these reviews, and ordered anyway.. BIG MISTAKE!! Soggy, cold, WAY overpriced... back to pizza hut and jimmy johns if i need a meal to come to me
i tried the philly original and it was just okay.  all i tasted was salt.  i ordered fries too and those were covered in salt too.

in my opinion it seemed pricey for the quality of food.

the service seemed good and exciting.
I love love love the food- thank goodness I don't live close anymore- I could gain a lot of weight :) It's perfect for a casual night out on Mill Ave. It is not a formal date place but still has a good atmosphere. Personally, it is only a once in a blue moon things nowadays because it's just too expensive...
we went on Sunday around 7, they were not busy.  They were freindly and we enjoyed the food. got 3 cheeseteaks and cheese sauce for fries. Sandwich rolls were great, cheese was wizz-y, and service wasn't slow at all.  
We drove 29 miles form Goodyear to go and weren't disappointed!
Sad place for a cheese steak. Back when they first opened they were pretty decent, now this place is a joke. Also when ordering over the phone they place you on hold for 10 minutes before they decide to assist you in placing your order. The hold tone is silence with a loud beep every 5 seconds it's maddening. There delivery range is LAME and there food is soggy and has no flavor..... This place is a JOKE
Their thin pizza is just like my favorite back in Portland, OR.  It tastes just like Escape from New York Pizza. When it's right out of the oven, the cheese oozes and the crust melts in your mouth.  I've had their Philly cheesesteak sandwiches before, but I'd go back for their pizza.  The only downside is that it's surrounded by meter parking and I went here because we were at the Tempe Festival of the Arts and the kids were hungry and I saw the "pizza" sign.  I'm glad I went here. Another patron in front of me was very excited that they sell Tastykake cupcakes and snacks...
Let me start by saying after my experience I surly wish they had half or quarter stars and I am not often found with a lack of words but this is going to take some effort to stomach.

Strolled into this establishment at about 1:30 am, now to their credit I fully understand the crowd on mill at these hours so I lower my levels of expectations..

Place is moderately busy as we walk in, I get to the counter, order some pepperoni pizza and a pretzel with 2 drink cups. Second drink cup is forgot after they ran out of the dispenser, after I remind him he gets a fresh stock of cups to replenish his dispenser but first takes his hand, fingers placed inside the cup and hand me one. Yuck.. Gf didn't catch it so I gave her the first cup and took the lingering finger taste cup as my own.


Fast forward a few minutes, guy is in there , his friends are loud and his face is cut wide open from who knows what incident.. He is arguing and finally his friends get him out the door. Now if I ran this place that guy and his yelling and problems would have been asked to stay, his hands Nd bloody shirt bumping and squeezing past people was discussing . But.. Let's let that go because it's busy and again this is MIll and it is 2 am..



Fast forward 10 minutes.. Tell the guy the ice machine is out, several minutes later.. They fill it.. Again it's busy, no big deal on that one, and with the high temp in the place maybe it killed on the fingerprint bacteria in my cup while we waited.. "I'm a wishful thinker"

Several more minutes go buy of people bustling past, smearing nastily cheese wish sandwich wrappers all o over the floor as We walked by "place was trashed" I go back up and ask the guy for our order.. He said", oh sorry forgot" I was amused but it's just sliced pizza and a pretzel.. He tosses them in the oven, and a couple minutes later I get them. Well pizza had obviously been there forever but it was pizza, pretzel was hard as a rock and couldn't eat it.


Then the show starts.. there had been a few people in there, that obviously knew the gentlemen working the register, the flooding actions are the cause for this reviewing of the above..

Short list

-employee is wiping his sweaty face by hand, receiving money..then is prepping pizza with topping BY BARE HAND.. Placing it in the oven, all with out gloves. This occurs over and over, then when his friends arrive there is a round of hand slaps... Um.. Where did these guys come from, did they wash their hands?, eww.  So in the 45 minutes I am in here,no hand washing, no gloves..his hands on food, toppings, money, hands, face, along with all over surfaces possible. Freaking DISGUSTING.

But it gets better.. His friends that he is conversing with are about to ice the cake..  One of them this red headed guy is reaching behind the counter near the pick up, and grabbing fries out of the Bin with his hands.. This happens no less than 10 times..

Another one ask his to meet them in the bathroom... Um what? Yes.. That locked bathroom father 1 am that is closed off to customers.. Hmm my imagination can only wonder what brief activity occurred in the restroom. could my dazed and non health conscious server and front man for this business also be doing drug's one can only speculate. His actions after reflected a very relaxed and dazed person.

Where I will give this guy a couple points, is end of the night he started picking up the place as it had slowed, well this obviously is his job and they have to clean up at the end of the night anyways..but was surprised at this point. 

At this point and my food not eaten we are done being entertained by watching all this and he asked to take our plate at which time he noticed I didn't eat much. He asked if the pretzel was not good and I choose this time to politely tell him the reasons above as why we didn't finish. 

He took it in stride, with no attitude but said simply they got busy and backed up. I do appreciate that but honestly there is ZERO excuse for even a small percentage of the actions to have taken place. I see this as a health risk and was more comfortable at taco stands in Mexico than this establishment. 



In short, I'll be contacting the owner of this location. 

I do realize this is a late night food offering, I do realize the clientele, but I also know this is unacceptable and some poor guy who is mismanaging this place needs a wake up call.


I will be back very soon, if anything just to see if changes are made after I voice my concerns. If needed ill be happy to forward my videos to the county health inspector.


-Thanks for reading this little novel.
They use Cheese Whiz, what else is there to say? One of these bad boys and you have a meal, and believe me, i am a big guy. Been to Philly many a time, and these are the real deal on cheese steaks. Worth the trip, and is my favorite fast food here in the valley
These are authentic cheesesteaks, but I just realized that I'm not a huge fan of the authentic style. In my perfect cheesesteak (likely outside of philly), the meat and cheese and onions are folded in together to create more of gooey experience. Actually in the hundreds of cheesesteaks I have had outside Philly, this is the way it is prepared. In the Corleone's version, which was still pretty decent, they slather a very thin layer (could have used more) of whiz on the bottom of the roll and put the meat and grilled onions on top of that cheese. All that said, the ribeye was pretty good, but the meat might already have been chopped and placed on the grill because despite what the cook said, I never heard him chopping up my meat on the grill and the sandwich was ready way to quick. The meal was probably a few bucks overpriced (almost 11 bucks for the 6 inch and fries and soda). The fries were good, crunchy, but nothing memorable. Authentic for sure, if you like em that way.
I wanted to like this place because I like pizza and subs, which is what they do. But after giving it two tries two days in a row, I have to provide my "completely honest review" to you. So here it is: 

Day 1: I ordered a turkey sub. It took a long time to arrive. I mean about 15 minutes. For a sub. I know, right? And I was in town on business so was dining with a few coworkers. They each had a similar wait. 

Was the sandwich worth the wait? Not really. It was mostly bread and just a little meat. They threw some mayo on it, but it's probably my fault for not asking for more stuff. If that was even an option. Which I don't know. But I do know the sub needed more. A lot more. 

Now in fairness, I should tell you that they do provide a free, small fixins bar. This contains an assortment of peppers and pickles. So I could have and should have doctored it up with some of that stuff. 

Day 2: I came in with a coworker for a quick slice of pizza before we headed back to the airport. Except it wasn't so quick. I ordered a single slice of pepperoni and they went to heat it up for me. This was a nice touch. 

I got to talking to my colleague and lost track of the time. I also wasn't expecting to get my slice fast because my long wait from the previous day was still fresh in my mind. So after another 10 or 15 minutes passed, I went to ask about my pizza. 

The server went to the oven, opened it, and stood back as a big cloud of smoke came billowing out. Oh they didn't forget to put my pizza IN the oven. They just forgot to take it OUT. And we were literally the only two customers in the place.

They heated another one up for me. And did not burn this one. The pizza was average but not bad. 

So all in all, not the greatest experience either time. I'd probably just pass on this and go to one of the other spots nearby. There's a much better pizza place just two doors down.
Ordered 10 pizzas for delivery for a special event only 4 blocks from Corleones.  After 1 hour past delivery time and 3 phone calls, went to restaurant and picked up the pizzas.  Was told a variety of stories during the 3 calls, all misleading.

Won't be back!
I am from the east coast and I haven't found an awesome cheesesteak until I ordered from here! And there is no delivery fee.
Real Cheez Whiz on your cheesesteak... YES!!! A great end to any night of drinking.
I should know better than to go against the yelp family when it comes to trying some of these places. Seriously this place was like a trip to the doctor and you find out you need to get your colon checked. Not fun but necessary according to some people. I do not eat out very much anymore but can not say no to a cheese steak sandwich. Something about that thin sliced meat, onions, and melted cheese makes me feel like all is right in the world. But with my first bite of over cooked, cold, and tasteless meat I was kicked in the meatballs and brought back to reality.

It amazes me that a place that seems to focus on one thing does such a bad job at it! It is like McDonald's and their crappy burgers, or taco bell and their mystery meat/refried bean concoctions. Why can't these places stop with all the dorky names and just work on making their food taste better? Corleone needs to start by adding seasoning to their meat while removing some of the grease (what you can see through the bag? Forget about it!!) Listen I do not mind a little grease but if your bag starts to dissolve due to the amount of fat dripping out of the sandwich then we have a problem. Also for the price ($14) I could have purchased a rib eye steak, sub rolls, an onion, steak fries, slice cheese, and a 2 liter of soda and made enough food for 4 people! A sandwich with fries and onion ring (ok to be fair there were about 4 in the bag) for $14 was not worth the effort to get it, or money spent to eat it. Pass this place on by unless you like being made an example of, the example of a sucker that is!

Btw saying a place uses Cheese Whiz means nothing as the stuff sucks and you can buy it at the supermarket.
Great Philly style pizza!

Watch out for homeless coming in and asking for a piece!
Very first time I tried this a year and a half ago, and  it was great, I loved it. Everytime I have gone in since then seems like it has gone down hill. I like ordering the underboss, and it has turned in to very bland chicken cheesesteak. Not even the onions and cheese help add flavor to the sanwhich.  The fries are always cold and stale. I will not be coming here again.
This place has the best Philly cheese steaks in the Phoenix metro area. I have one thing to say and that is get it "whiz wit" the cheese and onion combination makes it heavenly. The second best thing is their fries which are always crisp and not too greasy. I recommended this a foodie from New York who's husband is from Philly and they both commented that this place is "legit".
Well, succinctly and too the point for you.  I am a native of the original area where the Cheese steak has been made famous (Philadelphia, PA.) and after a decade of trying them here and even longer around the world and country, this has come the closest to the real thing!  It is not a perfect hit but the certainly the "best" option for me when I crave a bit of home.  I am not sure of other locations; but, the Tempe (Mill Avenue) location is the one that I will continue to go to.  As a chain, it is pretty darn close to offering an authentic fare and compared to other venues that I have tried they have at least come close to hitting the mark.  This is appreciated too.  The value is decent too since they don't necessarily rake you over the "cost" coals for their product.  They are not the cheapest and they are not the most.  They border on being bit pricey at the end of the day.  I have seen their service deteriorate a tad since I fist tried them years ago, but I am not too picky with this "quasi" buffet or stand in line, order and wait to pick up your sandwich type design.  Overall, it is just above average to above average; hence, the three stars (3.5 stars really).
I went to eat here once...wasn't super impressed with the place or the cheesesteak, I have never been to Philly to have one, but this wasn't great. The meat is kinda bland and stringy and the bread was OK.

These guys show up at my job every once in a while to give out free samples. They should probably think that through though...their samples aren't very good.

I did see a porn video that was shot with them in the background once though. (It was an 'on-the-street flashing' video.
Went to this place on a Sat night at around midnight after drinking.  There was a fresh pizza coming right out of the oven as we walked in.  I ordered two slices, cost me $4.50 so cheap!  Delicious pizza and steaming hot.  The cashier was super nice and friendly, and unlike Paisan's next door, gave me a free cup of water!
I really love the Cheese steaks here.  Always try and make my way here when I'm in the Tempe area.  I recommended this place to a friend and her family that she was visiting and her Uncle wanted to know if he could eat here for breakfast.  hahha.  Good place, solid food.  Will be back.
Horrible Service. Every time we order, order is wrong & late! This is the 5th time we had a delivery from here & it has never been right! They are not friendly either.  Would never order again from them or go there. Looks like they treat their employees bad too. The one time I did go in there the manager was screaming at the cook. Very unprofessional! Not recommended!!
Really good slices by az standards
The service was terrible but the food was good. The guy who waited on us was not very nice. He seemed as if he didn't want us to eat there but we did anyway! :-) I probably won't eat there again. Oh well...
Great pizza, cool place to chill out and catch a game til the sun goes down.
I just love love love this place, I have been looking for the cheese steak that resembles my home town cheese steak.

I request my cheese steak with cheese wiz, marinara sauce in the steak and no onions, this is the closest thing to a true Philly cheese steak, people do not realize most Philly cheese steaks are really not Philly cheese steaks at all. 

A true cheese steak is shredded steak,,,shredded people, SHREDDED! LOL :)

My brother loves the pepperoni steak sandwich, with the marinara sauce.

The pizza looks awesome, New York style, hand tossed, looks as close to home hand tossed, this will be my next venture but I can't help but get my sandwich every visit.

Staff is always terrific and food is excellent.

They also have Tastykakes, most of the time.
I would give this a 3.5

Their cheesesteaks are HUGE!! The Regular ($9) can easily feed two people but probably not ravenous men. Also this is kind of random but I had a bite or two of fries from M, and they were really good. It was really crisped and seasoned nicely. I don't know why they stood out so much but it did!
Don't tell me the delivery will be 45min - 1hr if it's going to be 1.5hr. Now 4 people have missed their lunch hour and will have to wait hours to eat the cold delivery. 

Don't ask me on the phone if I'm paying in cash, not tell me the total, then NOT give your driver any change. Are you effing kidding me? he's 30 min late instead of telling me $40 is ok instead of $42, he tells ME to go ask coworkers for $3 since he can't break a $20. NO APOLOGY OR explanation for the lateness. 

Worst customer service, never ordering again. I signed up for yelp just to write this I'm so irritated.
Always passed by this establishment and wanted to try so today I did just that
The interior could use some renovations/updates... It is just really worn/dated...
The guy who helped take my order was very nice and helpful. I wanted to get one of the sausage subs/sannys but the sausage was not thoughed so I decided on the cheese steak with provolone cheese and fried onions... It was actually pretty good and hot. If I had known about the cheese wiz, I might have gotten that, maybe next time... I also wanted to add some off the yellow peppers but they looked like they had been sitting all day so I passed them... I tossed some crushed red pepper on though and it was good... All in all... The visit was fine... The interior was really the downside... Food was good and service was good... Oh and prices were pretty okay...
came to Arizona for a relaxing weekend and ended up at this HORRIBLE place. First i ordered a custom pizza and the ingredients were horrible blank no taste and the sauce taste like nothing. I paid $20 for a small pizza not worth it. But it does not stop there. There was a married couple were the girl wanted the whole place to listen into her personal life with father in-law issues! A man approached her to pipe down and that started an on going fight from verbal into mild physical! yet this went on for 15 or more minutes and the manager or workers said nothing from the beginning to these people to at least get them out. Never again will i make the mistake of coming here! Were was the boss?
Worst place ever. No credit card machine, no ice, no pizza??? Close the doors already!
What a mess...at noon on a Sunday, they were out of dough (no pizza!?), two of the employees were clueless about the menu and unfriendly, and when we chose the already made cheese pizza slices under the heatlamp, we had to wait 10 minutes for them to be heated up.

All that aside, the pizza was not good -- tasteless sauce, greasy cheap cheese, and chewy floppy crust. Just not good. I'd skip it, even though I would typically eat any pizza any time.
Service can be slow in the evening. The Wiz is worth it though. I really love that you can order for delivery directly through Yelp. Talk about convenience! 

If you're a Tastykake fan, like my girlfriend, don't count on them being in stock.
Decent Cheesesteak especially after a late night out on the town!  Lunch line type service which is very fast and friendly and expect the line to be out the door if visiting during late at night hours.
They have a wide variety of sandwiches & pizza, the best in my opinion is the original with cheese wiz and onions. You can add peppers for additional charge keep that in mind and if you join their email club you get coupons for $4.99 small combo w fries and drink. They best part about this place is the free pickles slices and banana peppers/ hot peppers, even packets parmesan cheese which i like to sprinkle on my fries . It is a little small inside for seating so if you go during the lunch rush you might be taking it to go & the wait time can be a little long if they are short on help. But over all its worth a try if your in the area, parking can be a troublesome as there is mostly just paid parking at meters or garages.
We stopped in after the AZ beer fest. Pretty good cheesesteak! The fries were really good - piping hot and crispy! We also tried a slice of cheese pizza.  The pizza was ok. Fresh baked and hot.  But I had to add a good amount of salt and pepper to bring out the flavor and jazz it up a bit. But if you're looking for a decent size slice that is definitely not the worst pizza you've ever had you can't beat it at $2 a slice!
The wait was bearable, the food okay, but the service and cleanliness was unacceptable. I will not be returning until these areas are addressed and improved.
Ordered online and picked it up when it was scheduled to be ready. I normally go to the location on 16th St and this was my first time at the Mill location and wasn't disappointed. Some of the other reviews made me nervous but I would happily go here again.
I went to Corelone's upon my friend's recommendation, and I was super excited to go because not only are her recommendations spot on, but I also love me some good sandwiches. I went there and got two sandwiches, first the italian (not one of their family favorites) and the infamous Wiz. The italian was mildly impressing, I was semi-half impressed by the freshness of the meat and I was extremely excited by the pepper bar. That is where all compliments end. I asked for oil and mayonnaise on my bread and I was devastated to realize that there was a drop of oil and maybe a slab of mayo on the sandwich, the sandwich was extremely dry and was definitely NOT worth that awful price tag. If I combined the sandwich meat from Port of Subs with half-the goodness of Jimmy John's bread, plus extra $2 dollars, that's what my sandwich would have been like. Simply put, I was disappointed.
But ALAS! I thought my friend couldn't have recommended me here if it wasn't actually GOOD. So I gave it a second chance, after finishing the italian, I got the Wiz. It was equally as disappointing. When I received it, my face fell immediately. It was something that I could have made with ingredients from walmart for $5.00 less and 6x the more sanitation. The service here was lackluster, the person who made my sandwich came from outside, came back inside, and without washing his hands proceeded to make the sandwich and I was more than horrified.
The sandwich was not that good either. 
I'll give it 2 stars for the pepper bar.
I'm from Philly and this place is legit!! Whenever we are in Tempe, we always try to grab a real Philly steak! They have Amoroso rolls shipped in, you can't beat this place!
The cheese steak was alright at best but I had a hard time eating it with the 1/2" of fuzzy dust above me that had apparently been building since this place opened, whenever that was heck maybe the brought it from Philly with them ,anyways it was SICK! The sandwich maker was outside on the curb smoking and he just waltzed back in to make sandwiches without washing his hands. Then they just sat there talking, the saying goes got time to lean you got time to clean and this place needs a good scrubbing. We won't go back till then maybe. Sorry to be harsh but guys you need to clean that place up , especially when your tray on the flat top was fill of meat from prior sandwiches. If I get sick I will know it was Corleone's.
Without the Channel 15 Smart Shopper card I would have given a 2 star review. Was hoping for a "Take Me Back" cheese steak and it was alright at best. Over cooked, stingy on the cheese whiz (all on the bun and none on the steak). If you are a pepper head, you will like the pepper bar.  Think there were 4 maybe 5 types of peppers. Our sandwiches were dry and just barley worth the 2 for one Thursday Smart Card price.
I would have gave 0 stars but I was forced to give at least one star the pizza was terrible they should stick to cheesesteaks
They suck. Plain and simple. The last 3 times I ordered for delivery their response is " oh we can't deliver right now. Our driver is blocked in." Or " we only had two people working so we can't deliver". This place is over priced, the meat is bland. No seasonings at all. Too much bread. Their "pizza" is basically ketchup on cardboard. And the staff is tolerable- and I'm being nice. Genos cheesesteaks is farther and has a way better menu choice. A little overpriced but waaaaaay more worth my cash and time than Corleone's. avoid Corleone's unless you like bland food with grease and lack of customer service.
Corleone's..I owe you .50 cents and a $3 tip. You and your cheesesteaks are amazing. Thanks again.
I don't know many people who would spend ten bucks on a Philly cheese steak. 
That's the first big mistake, especially in this economy. 
The other mistake, which I am not forgiving for is bathroom cleanliness. If you want to turn off customers appetite- better get an air freshener. 
I got the hoagie with provolone cheese it came with lettuce and tomatoes..Tasted alright, but there was something missing. It tasted better with ketchup and mustard ! Overall, nothing extraordinary. 
I should've stuck with the traditional (mushrooms and onions grilled on top)!
Get a cheese steak and a drink, and you're tapped-out of $10 bucks. This place is a joke. Looks like and tastes like standard  frozen Steak-umm, big deal.  Really a lack of effort in-terms-of a "quality product" to produce a decent sandwich at that price.
   Took two more sandwiches to the office for lunch, and they were upset with quality and price and said "never again". Unanimous from everyone! Thumbs down.
Heard about this place on  HOT 97.5 last week and I finally made it here today.

I got the Mushroom Cheesesteak w/onions - cheddar cheese. It was really good. It was just under $10. It's about 10 inches. 

It's a little on the pricy side for a cheesesteak, but it was better than Capriotti's. So I guess you're paying for the difference in how good it is. Don't get me wrong though...Capriotti's is awesome too!!
I lived in Philly and visited Pats and steve's prince of steaks a few times a day LOL I been to places like this across the usa and this place is the best we had out side of Philly I had the Cheesesteak with white cheese and had one with cheddar cheese the cheddar was the killer. Wings was not bad but the Cheese steak is king
This place is good. So much that I brought my relatives from Philly to give it a try. Their response, "Its Very very Close". Well, I'm not from Philly, but I know a good sandwich when I taste one. Very Good.
Its Kinda pricey for the type of food they serve. The cheese-steaks are good through and I have not had a bad one yet. I have not made it to Philly yet so I can rate this place on authenticity. 

I would probably go here more if they were cheaper. 5- 10 bucks for lunch is my sweet spot, they are off by a few dollars.
came here for luch again around 6:30ish cause it's close to work and the food is good the price is fair today I had the Poor Boy Sandwich with a drink for $4.00 its around a footlong with your choice of veggies very delicious and my buddy Andy ordered the Supreme Pizza freshly made too  I had a Few slices that Pizza was off da hook if I may say so myself. I will be back fo sho
It was ok cheesesteak. The dining area was clean had a general Philly theme that didn't quite feel like it took to the place. The food was passable. In my opinion though pops near the mall is better authentic Philly cheesesteak and Capriotti's is better value. If they were the only game in town I'd be happy but because two better shops are closer I'll probably not return.
This place is way overpriced!! WAY OVERPRICED. To be fair I've never had a Philly cheesesteak so I had nothing to compare it to in that respect. However, Id rather have had subway over this place anyday. 

Essentially what I did was put all the meat (which was sparse) into one half of my sandwhich and ate it that way. Granted I dont eat onions so I'm sure thats a good space filler for them. I ordered mine with peppers and mushrooms - still stingy with that! Meat was soft and good, not chewy or with grizzle. But no, i wouldnt go back. $11 for one sub w/ sparse meat-with no drink or chips nah. I can go to subway and order a double meat with chips and a drink and still get it for less than this place.
They have great tasting phillies never been dissatisfied. Sandwiches are a but pricy but worth it. Hate hearing other people reviews complaining about the price... It doesn't mean you have to buy anything why don't people get that? The owners are nice as well as the cooks. Could use more in decoration but it's a good place to just sit for a minute and enjoy a good Philly, and to be original Philly you have to get the cheese whiz
I stopped by here for lunch today after spotting it from the road.

I ordered the mushroom cheesesteak with fried onions. It was one of the better cheesesteaks I've had in town. However, it was a little pricey.

The tables were a little dirty, and it didn't seem they were in any hurry to wipe the tables after people left.

Overall, it was a pretty decent place. It's kinda far from me though, so I doubt I'll be back.
I love this place. When I first moved here, this quickly became a regular take-out spot. Not only because their food is awesome and it's close to my house, but the employees are great, too.

Their cheesesteaks are delicious and their bread is soft, but solid enough to handle all the meaty goodness that is a cheesesteak.  

I used to always get the chicken cheddar cheesesteak, which in my opinion, is better even than the beef. But lately, I've switched to some healthier fare: their turkey and cheese hoagie.

I always order it dry (because I'm watching my girlish figure) and they never fail to make it exactly how I want it. The first few times I ordered it, they raised an eyebrow, but now they know just how I want it and it's perfect every time, loaded up with yummy turkey, a couple slices of provolone and packed with lettuce, tomato and paper thin rings of red onion.  So good it doesn't even need condiments, fortunately.

I like coming in here because they're always friendly, but not overly and they recognize me now. The place is always clean, too.

They have a vast menu outside of just philly sammiches. They offer fried shrimp and catfish and even lobster rolls, along with a full array of hoagies. Their steak fries are great, too -- I like them "well done".

They are a *teeny* bit pricey, just a little tiny bit, but the quality of the product makes up for it. 

It's a staple in my take-out arsenal.  :)
its as close to Philly as you can get in the desert!
We were told that this place was the best Philly Steak outside of Philly, so it was next on our must try locations.  Well we sure weren't disappointed, had one with american one with provolone.  Didn't see one with whiz on the menu which had us confused, fries were also good and we'll be back as the Mrs craves philly steaks even though we've never had one in Philly!
I had only one sandwich there, the fanatic or something: an abomination of food, and is so good. Just don't plan on doing much afterwards :)
I'm not sold... yet. 

I stopped by here for lunch today because I've driven past the place numerous times. I am a Philly Cheesesteak fanatic by the way, so it takes a little bit more than saying you're "straight from Philly" to impress me. Albeit, I have never actually been to Philadelphia (believe me, it's on my short list of places I MUST visit). 

I ordered the small Philly Cheesesteak ($5) and a drink. My total came to around $7. I guess it's an okay price, but the cheesesteak wasn't anything to rave about. I got it with provolone (sorry, I know it's an abomination not to get it with Cheez Whiz). It was indeed small, but at least it was packed with meat. I still feel kinda hungry after eating it though.

Perhaps I'll be back... I might try something else, but honestly if you can't impress me with the small Philly Cheesesteak, why should I come back?
I love good cheesesteak sandwich and had done some looking around for good ones. Before I came here I found Jerry's at the NE corner of Peco and Trop and thought that it was the BEST philly cheesesteak around Vegas. So when the RJ reviewed the Steakout, I went to try it. I must admit that it is very average in quality and service. I will be going back to Jerry's.
I decided to go here to eat cuz its right next to gamestop and we were hungry. Plus I am a cheesesteak fanatic. So I was thinking you cant go wrong with cheesesteak. But after eating here, I stand corrected. I couldnt be any more wrong! I ordered the special which had everything and it was 9 bucks. My wife ordered the catfish. My oldest son got the cheeseburger. My youngest got a plain philly. 

Ok, so...........1 star because the cheesesteak I got was a soooooo greasy and I could barely taste the mushrooms, onions, and green peppers probably cuz there was hardly any. By far this has gotta be the blandest cheesesteak I have ever had. While I was chewing I couldnt help but think of at least 3 Philly cheesesteak places that are way better than this place. (Jersey Mikes, Philly's Best, and Capriotti's) For 9 bucks I almost had the urge to go up to the counter and tell them I didnt like it and for them to refund my money. That was just the sandwich.

Now the catfish......OMG that was even WORSE than the cheesesteak! First of all, the portions were tiny. There were 3 skinny filets on my wifes plate. The steak fries looked more appealing maybe because they were bigger and took up most of her plate. As soon as my wife took a bite, she had to eat some fries and cole slaw to get rid of the "bottom feeder" taste from her mouth. As soon as she mentioned it, I took a bite and it tasted like dirty sand. We both tried to mask the "sandy" flavor with lots of hot sauce and malt vinegar. I have never tasted catfish that bad before. 

The cheeseburger and plain philly was decent. If I had the option of no stars, then I would put that. So, if you are reading this and are thinking of eating here, DON'T!!!!!! I'm STILL trying to get rid of the "bad fishy taste" from my mouth! I definitely have to eat somewhere really good later on to make up for this bad experience.
I have been to Philly. I've had the real deal with the wiz and everything.

Inside this joint they have all sorts of Philly sports themed jerseys and such. I thought that was a cute touch - even though I am not a sports fanatic.

We ordered two of the small $5 steak sandwiches- one with the wiz and one with provolone. I will say that for $5 I would almost rather have a subway footlong. The sandwich isn't really worth that price - it's quite small. 

Wiz - When I had the sandwich is Philly with the wiz, it was awesome. Very tasty. This one was quite salty. It took away from the sandwich. I don't recommend this wiz.

Provolone - Awesome. Probably the best steak sandwich I've had in Vegas, and I've been everywhere (Pops, Capriottis, Hougans, etc). The meat is tender and juicy. The onions and peppers have a bite to them. Perfecto!

Staff was polite, and they got me my food pretty quickly. I would definitely come back to this place - just on a special occasion because of the price.
They have really good Philly steaks...only downfall is they are a bit overpriced! Other than that it's always delicious and fresh tasting. Good customer service!
The catfish was awful. I don't know what I was thinking ordering catfish from a Philly place. I just saw the sign and couldn't help but order it.  They weren't prepped right (full of skin and fat)  and I couldn't wash away the nasty fatty fish taste out of my mouth. Even if the person wasn't on their phone the entire time, it wouldn't have tasted any better.
Just ok. The place was drab and the food was fresh but no better than steak-ums on my stove at home. Its only counter service but thats no reason for there to be not a smile in sight.  The restrooms smell and I was compelled to hover and pray there wasn't a hidden video camera somewhere. At $25 for lunch for three, one shouldn't feel like they have to squat.
Pricey but good. I like the philly w provolone but I don't care for the fries. They are unsalted thick cut straight from the effin freezer. 3 stars is all they get. Hmph!
Fun place. Sandwiches satisfactory.
Not very good. I have had better at the chain place called Charley's. Also, I didn't know that the sandwich didn't come standard with mayo and lettuce so then I had to pay an extra 50 cents and the cook got pissed that it wasn't on the order and made a scene right in front of me. I won't be going back. BTW, I went during lunch time and NOBODY was there except for me so that should have told me the place was crappy.
Location Closed
I love Ricky's Big Philly, but sometimes I see that they are close. Maybe it's the summer hours. I especially love the Tuna sandwiches. Yum!
Here is the thing, the food was mediocre at best. The meat in the cheese steak was to thick and over done along with the mushrooms and onions. I kind of felt like I was eating dog food or a really bad Italian beef. The only good part were the fries and they were just OK. If you want a good cheese steak I suggest you go to Casella's in Scottsdale. I wish I had.
After driving by this place countless times, I finally stopped by today. I eat cheesesteaks maybe twice a year, but I do enjoy a good one.

Well, Ricky's delivers a delicious cheesesteak. In fact, If I were using Corleone's as a competitor, Ricky's would leave them in the dust. The meat is good, and they don't overdo it on the cheese. The highlight, however, is the bread - the best cheesteak bread I've had in the Valley. It's not too soft, and not too hard - it's just right and gave me enough of a grip to make this one of the cleanest-eating cheesesteaks I've ever had.
I recently visited with my Italian friend, Joe. So when he said that the chicken parm sandwich was as good as anything he's had- particularly the sauce-, that carries weight.  We also sampled the burger and cheesesteak, both great.  

Now if they could just work on creating some ambiance.  The place is barren and has the charm of a janitors closet.  But don't let that dissuade you.  The food is splendid, a great lunch option.
Nice clean restaurant and really good cheesesteaks.  Good variety on the menu between cheesesteaks and chickencheesesteak sandwiches.  Consistenly good.
I think this place is great. I love the cheesteaks and their sweet potato fries.
I tried their homemade chili once and it was good, but I found it to be a bit soupy. 
The staff is always friendly and the dining area is nice and clean.
Went there today for lunch...I was massively impressed with the overall cleanliness and friendliness of the place. I feel that sometimes you don't really find that here in the Valley.

I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms. I also got a side of fries and my friend got a chicken cheesesteak...

I really wanted to like this place because of the positive reviews. I had such a wonderful experience there, but my cheesesteak was so bland -- almost like they forgot to put salt and pepper on it.

My friend's chicken cheesesteak was, according to her, "a huge salt lick". I think I'd rather have taken the salt lick over the non salty food I had. Even the mushrooms and onions lacked flavor...and the swiss cheese was bland as well.

I'm going to give this place another shot...but for now it's just ok. The fries made me happy enough to give them 3 stars.
Ahhh almost forgot bout this place. We went there for lunch from work when it first opened up. My friend could not shut it about Philly steak and CheezeWiz (Or whatever its called.)

So, they dragged me in there. I could not bring myself to order fat dripping and CheezeWiz smothered real Cheese Steak so i ordered chicken one instead. It was BORING, dry and uninteresting. My granny (One from mom's side who can not cook) could make it way better.

So, while i honestly can not evaluate their main product - Cheese Steak,  whatever i got kinda suxed! 
They do draw big crowds now and sometime there is no place to seat, or at least that is what guys from work telling me. But whataver...

"I no like"
If you like steak & cheese subs, Forefather's is the BEST! Owners Tony and Mary care about their customers, and make you feel like you are dining at their house.  There is nothing I like better in the food service industry than a business run by local owners who are on-site and often do the cooking and care about customer service.  Their sub rolls are baked locally and the meat is flown in from Philidelphia.  For those of you non-beef eaters, they serve a chicken filled sub.  Prices range from $6.59 (including tax) for a regular sized sub to $10.89 (including tax) for the large with fries and a large soda.  I'm told a real Philly cheese steak is made with Cheese-Wiz (when I think Cheese Wiz, I think an aersol can, but this Wiz is different).  I prefer provolone cheese versus Cheese Wiz (the Wiz is a little too sweet for me). But, as the company tee shirts proclaim, "there's nothing like a good wiz".
Love this place!  My buddy and I found this place one night when driving around looking for places to eat.  I'm not really in to cheesesteaks, but this place is full of awesome.  I've never tried it, but you can also get an authentic (so I'm told) cheesesteak with "wiz" on it - no, no one is peeing on it...it's Cheese Wiz... LOL

The place gets a little loud because it's all tile flooring, but the cheesesteaks are better than any other cheesesteak place I've been to in the valley.
Being from Philly, I have made it a point to try every "authentic" Philly cheesesteak place I've come across since moving to AZ in 1982.  Since Longhitano's in Tempe closed close to a decade ago, every new place has fallen so short it's sad, really.  Not enough meat, rolls all wrong, meat TASTES wrong ... 

Then my friend Brian, also a Philly native, came to town from L.A.  I decided we needed to try Forefathers.  We went ... we ate ... we ascended to a level of bliss not known in forever.  THESE are AUTHENTIC Philly cheesesteaks.  Don't have to pay for double meat, you can actually get a "wit wiz" ... AND a pizza cheesesteak.  OMG, sheer delight!  Brian had the cheese fries as well and they were so yum.  And the staff behind the counter were just AWESOME.  When we went to thank them for the amazing meal, they all cheered that they passed muster with us.

Honestly, anyone who did not grow up partaking of the wonders of real Philly cheesesteaks just cannot appreciate the awesomeness of Forefathers.  We liked it so much we are going back again on Sunday before Bri goes back to L.A.  He posted on his facebook page, and I quote "Who'd have thunk that Phoenix would have the most authentic cheesesteak I've had since leaving Philly?"

My ONLY beef (no pun intended) with Forefathers is that they have Hunts ketchup (which tastes awful IMHO) instead of Heinz.  Yes I know, some people consider ketchup on a cheesesteak sacreligious but that's how I grew up.  Sunday I'll try a pizza cheesesteak so it won't matter ;)

Oh, and try the homemade chocolate chip cookies ... oh sooooo good!
Original wit Wiz and mushrooms... there is none better I've tried.

Better be hungry to devour a whole large one too, pretty big.
My recommendation: pizza cheesesteak with mozzarella. Oh man, too delicious. (it's pizza sauce added to a traditional cheesesteak sandwich). The staff there are always super friendly and will chat about their cheesesteaks as long as you let them :) 

It's a small place- maybe 15-18 tables- where you order at the counter and they call your number when the order is ready.
This place is freakin' awesome

OMG.  It's like their sprinkle their fries with cocaine as a seasoning.  They're sooooooooo good.  Especially dipped in cheese.

I especially love the buffalo chicken philly sandwich.  It's chicken, hot sauce, spicy blue cheese and celery all melted together in bread.  YUM.

I would like to try everything they have on their menu.  It's awesome.
Some of the best cheesesteaks i've had. Should of went with the more popular original (steak & cheese whiz), but instead, tried it with my fav, provolone. While the meat and chesse tasted really good, the overall finish was somewhat dry. Probably my only drawback since all my cheesesteak consisted of was bread + steak + provolone cheese. I'm going back because the fries were some of the best I've had. The service was very friendly. My fiance ordered the kids meal (she wanted the grilled cheese) and said it was really good. Portions are right on, a little too much actually. I got the regular and couldnt finish it. But when I go back, I'm going to try the Steak 'wit cheez'. 

A- vote.

01/11/2010 UPDATE: I've been back and tried the original (steak with cheese whiz). Oh my! Now THIS is what I'm talking about!!! Best cheesesteak I've ever had outside of Philly.

A+

Also- the employees are still as nice as the 1st time. GREAT service, arguably in the top 3 in all of the Phoenix metro. I've been there 6 times to date and haven't been disappointed.

Also- I must add that their 'fry sauce', whatever mysterious blend of tastebud utopia, is amazing. I don't know what it is, but I love that stuff. Far better than regular ketchup. Also- their fries are ALWAYS cooked to perfection. I've yet to have soggy fries nor old, stale fries. 

LOVE THIS PLACE.

(request to owners- if you can, please open up a new location. maybe Tempe Marketplace?? you guys are leaps and bounds better than the Great Steak Escape or whatever they are called).
If you're in the mood for a real cheesesteak, this place is right for you.

I was particularly impressed by the customer service.  When I ordered, the people behind the counter were very helpful.  The cook helped me narrow down my options when I asked what I would enjoy.

The cashier said, "Good choice; the pizza cheesesteak is great!"  

And I made the joke, "I'm starving...so it'd better be."

And the cashier told me that if I didn't enjoy it, he would make me something else.

That was good customer service...but it got better.  After a couple of minutes of eating, the cashier walked by to ask me if the sandwich was as good as he said it was.

The food was just a bit better than average, but the people that work there make it an enjoyable experience.
The customer service is probably the best I have ever experienced. Actual genuinely friendly people that are HELPFUL from when you walk in till you walk out. 
Food is real good too. (I ignore the fact that some people put wiz on a cheesesteak.)
Nice clean place.
...and the cookies. Get a cookie. They are a treat.

They had highchairs for my little one. Even though he deceided he wanted to sit on top of the table. 

You will see me there again.

*Update*** downgrade from 5 Stars to 3 Stars

 We went there a while back and they changed their sweet potato fries!!! I got some to go and started to snack on them in the car. I immediately noticed they were different than the ones I love, so called them. I asked if they changed their fries and he said yes. I asked if it was permanent or they just ran out or something. He said these are the fries from now on.

Until they go back to the old ones I probably wont go there nearly as often. The fries are that big of a deal. :(

2nd Update*** upgrade from 3 to 4
I has been a while and the sweet potato fries are pretty tasty now. And the service is still as good as ever.
Had a cheese steak with wiz and sweet/regular potatoes. The cheese steak was flavorful, not dry and very filling. I like that they have more condiments out (sweet peppers, banana peppers, jalapeños) so you can customize your sandwich as you wish. The fries were so so good!!! I'm not a huge sweet potato fries fan but these were not dry or mushy, just right with the perfect amount of salt. 
Ohhh, and I had a cookie! Big and soft and yummy!
Fast friendly service.  I had a cheesteak  sandwich, fires and a soda.  The sandwich was cooked fresh and very hot.  The hogie roll was fresh with a good crust and soft inside.  The fries were hot and tasted good.  

There were lots of condiments.  The most memorable was the 'fry sauce'  delicious.  The peppers were fresh and tasty.
Like the review I wrote yesterday, I wish I could give it three and a half stars, but since I can't it gets four. Why?

Well, they basically do one thing and they do it well--cheesesteak. I got one with provolone and raw onions and it was really great--real steak, a little light on the cheese but not too bad, and just the right about of chopped onions. The bread was soft and tasty also, obviously freshly baked. Yes, I know provolone and raw onions is heresy to someone from Philly, but since I'm from Indiana I don't care. Cheese wiz? You can have it. Anyway, with real cheese these things are good. As a bonus, they offer three types of peppers in the condiment bar, which put the place over the top for me. I'll leave it to others to judge the "genuine" Philly style sandwich. 

Service was also good and friendly, and the place is as clean as anyplace I've been. The only complaint I have is it is a little expensive. I spent a little over $11 for a large sandwich and a coke with no sides. Also, if you don't like cheesesteak you're kind of out of luck. But what they do they do very well. I'll certainly be back. The only reason I would have given it three and a half rather than four stars is because of the price. 

And those four and five star reviews I've been writing? I promised myself I would only write about restaurants I have eaten at since I started writing these reviews. I promise when I eat at a bad restaurant I won't mince words! I have a whole bunch in mind, but I want to wait and give them another chance.
After reading the reviews and hearing some word of mouth I finally had a chance to check out Forefathers.  It's umm, not rad.  It's not terrible either, but I would definitely drive several miles past it for Uncle Sam's or Corleone's.  For my money it's about a half a star above The Steak Escape or some similar abomination.
I feel as righteous about my Cheesesteaks as I do about Bagels. Forefathers has the most awesome Cheesesteaks this side of the Mississippi. 

The bread was perfect. The steak flavorful and cooked to perfection (read: not dry). I use to tell everyone that Uncle Sam's had the best Cheesesteaks around. Sorry Uncle Sam's, this place has you beat hands down -- the most genuine you can find outside of South Street in Philadelphia. 

The regular is a perfect size unless you are really really really really really (you get the picture) hungry. 

You've got to stop in and try this place out! I hope they open a few more locations! (South Phoenix would be great - hint, hint).
Best Cheesesteak I have had. Their specialty Buffalo Chicken sandwich is even better. Try the awesome sweet potato fries. Super clean, super friendly.
Love cheesesteaks? Love sweet potato fries? Then you've yelped the right place. My fiancée and I stopped in here yesterday because I had a craving for some sweet potato fries. The employees are very friendly and helpful. We ordered a Large plain cheesesteak and a side of sweet potato fries. Everything was delicious, like others have said the steak was not dry at all. My only complaint is the price you pay for sweet potato fries and the amount you get. Other than that this place was freakin' awesome! We will defiantly be back
First things first, I did not get a cheesesteak.  In all honesty, I have no idea what possessed me and caused me to order what I did.  The BBQ Chicken Cheesesteak is a beastly concoction.  You get fresh bread slathered with wiz, loaded with barbecued chicken, and then topped with coleslaw.  Of course I added bacon too.  When we got our food I kind of stared at it for a while.  I wasn't sure what to do with it.  How was I supposed to pick it up?  That would just be lame.  Ready with an arsenal of wet naps in my purse, I dug in to the most precarious food eating situation I have ever found myself in.  The first bite left me drooling wiz.  The second bite had coleslaw covering my hands.  The third bite had chicken falling out.  You get the idea?  It was messy and it was wrong.  It was so wrong it was right.  I really dug this weird combination.  The bacon just really pushed the sandwich from great to stellar.  I have to mention that their barbecue sauce is really good!  It's barely sweet, really smokey, and it packs a lot of flavor.  The bottom line is that I really liked this place.  I would like to go back and just try a regular cheesesteak with some fries.  Why fries too?  Because they have FRY SAUCE!  Woot!
Horrible cheesesteaks!  No flavor at all, just a greasy mess of meat in a bun.
I'm not sure about all the love of this place.  It was good but I'm very surprised that this many people enjoyed it.  The bread was good and the fact that they have Wiz is great but the steak itself was just decent.  I mostly gave them 4 stars because of their selections and options.  Chicken option, provolone option, Wiz option, salads, etc.  That's pretty awesome if you ask me.
Was it the best cheese steak ever?  No.  Was it better than Corleones? YES.
If you aren't getting your Cheesesteaks at Forefathers, you aren't getting the best there is. Hands down, the best Cheesesteak I have ever had (having never been to Philly) and will continue to have. 

The roll is fresh with just the right balance needed on for the sandwich. The steak is cooked to perfection. The cheese is exactly what it needs. You can get it wit or wit'out (with onions or not) and have a large selection of cheeses including the original Cheez Wiz (my personal favorite). Their large is completely filling but only necessary if you are starving. Get a regular and combo it with the regular fries. Then you must try out the Utah-stolen "fry sauce" (a combination of Mayo and Ketchup that hits the spot with fries). Considering I am grew up in Utah, these guys are my new best friends.

NOTE: If you plan on become a regular like me, request the rewards card from them. I only recently became aware of this as they do not advertise it but make sure to pick one up. Get 100 points (spend $100) get a free cheesesteak. 

Now please, stop reading and get a Cheesesteak.
I could take it or leave it. I do think "Gourmet" is false advertising.  Cheesesteaks really aren't my thing to begin with so y'all can take my review with a grain of salt.
Forefathers is great! I went there yesterday and was greeted at the register by the owner who chatted me up for a few minutes and suggested fry dipping combos for me to try, I can't say enough about the staff, great people. 
  Yesterday I had the original and a side of sweet potato fries. The original is a 9 inch (I think) roll with sliced rib-eye, grilled onions, and cheese whiz... holy cow, it was delicious. The meat was tender, not stringy or chewy and had enough flavor to make it through both the cheese and the onions, which were just wonderful icing on the cake. The roll was firm enough to hold up to all the juices, yet was soft and tasted very fresh. The sweet potato fries also blew me away, they were not overly fried by any means, just enough to be hot and steaming and were wonderfully sweet. The owner convinced me to take a side of honey mustard to dip them in, and it was a terrific choice. The dressing added a little sweetness, but the mustard added just enough tang to produce a delightful symphony between the two. Yum. 
  I strongly recommend Forefathers, I have been several times and it is so good each time. The decorations are interesting, the food is delicious and the staff is attentive and extremely friendly and helpful. Go. You'll thank me.
Great cheesesteaks! They have Cheez Whiz !! I have been searching for the best cheesesteak in Phoenix and I think I found it. Staff was very friendly. They have chicken cheesesteaks and even stuff for the kids and vegetarians (soup, grilled cheese, salads).
Staff is attentive, place is clean, they move you thru quickly cause it can get crowded at lunch time. Some tables outside which is nice when the weather accommodates. 
Stuffed fairly generously with steak. The regular was plenty with a side of fries. Can get regular or sweet potatoe fries. Fry sauce was just okay. Not as good as I had in Utah.
I have eaten here a few times on my trips to phoenix and I have to say that this is the best cheesesteak I have ever eaten. 

Fast and friendly service and great food. The rolls that the steak comes on are really really good and the meat with the cheese whiz is great. I love this place and there sweet potato frys.

If you want a great experience come here!!!!!
I remember going into Forefathers the first day they were open. The owner still recognizes me when I go in. Gotta love a family owned business turning out the best product n the city and doing well. This place sells itself but in case you are in doubt about the best Philly Cheese Steak in the city, take the Pepsi challenge you will become a believer.
Forefathers always seems to be one of those places that I forget about until someone else suggests it.  Of course, when they do suggest it, I feel like smacking myself in the forehead . . . "Forefathers!  Of course!  Why didn't I think of that!"  I'm hoping that the more I go, the more Forefathers will stay top of mind and I will remember them when we're looking for a quick, yummy meal.

I have been a few times now and have to say the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is one of my favorite sandwiches! The bread is soft, the chicken is huge chunks of breast meat, the blue cheese and celery add the creamy and the crunch.  I usually stick to the smaller "regular" sandwich, and avoid the large size.  I can't bring myself to try anything else, even though I'm sure it would be delicious.

Good sweet potato fries and regular fries, too. Fry sauce and peppers (sweet, hot, and banana) available in single serving containers in a mini fridge by the drink fountain. Good iced tea, too! I like my tea unsweetened, but this one has a perfect hint of sweet.

The last time I was there I really wanted to try the tomato basil soup and a grilled cheese, but the buffalo chicken philly was calling to me!  The staff is friendly and always ready with a smile.  The place is clean and appears well-maintained.

I hear this place gets busy during the weekday lunch with all the Intel peeps coming over.  I have only been in the evenings and it's pretty quiet.  I am glad they are so busy at lunch; I wouldn't want them shutting down on me like so many other establishments have recently.

One of these days, I'll have to try something other than the Buffalo Chicken Philly . . . we'll see.  Why mess with perfection?
Super friendly staff and service. Consistent hot and fresh cheesesteaks! Fries are amazing! I've been going here for 3 years and nothing has changed for the worse. Clean establishment, they obviously take pride in everything they do.
I work about a 1/2 mile from this awesome place of food!! I was bored with many of the places in the immediate area and ran across this place by accident. WOW!!! It has become one of my all-time favorite places to eat now. I am usually a little bit on the frugal side but with this place I do make an exception. It cost me right around $10.00 for a lunch but I have to admit it will make you want to go back everyday. I usually get the pizza cheese steak with grilled onions and peperoni. and a side of frys.... and the awesome dipping sauce. Great dinning experience for sure. If you are looking for a great meal and friendly atmosphere this is the place for you. TRY IT!!
Philadelphia is pretty far to go for the "real thing," but I have been blown away twice at how close they come to replicating a great Philly Cheesteak! They do a fabulous job!

Oh sure, the roll isn't nearly as good as Delassandro's (my favorite in Philly') and it probably doesn't measure up to this year's winner (Johnny's Hots) in Philadelphia Magazine, but these people are doing a great job with what they have. They even offer one so large, I believe it comes with wheels, so you can drive it home.

Great taste and you can have Cheese Whiz on it to make it even more authentic. Plus look at ALL you will have saved in airfare!

If the rolls were better I would have opted for FIVE STARS, but these rolls will suffice to make it a terrific experience.
It's Saturday night and I have not eaten much all day.  I had read some reviews about Philly cheesesteaks and was kind of craving one.  I checked around on Yelp and found Forefathers.  So off we went!  
We pulled up and walked in, looked at the menu on the wall and ordered.  I had the standard cheessteak with peppers and onions and sweet potato fries.  My daughter had the "fox" off the children's menu.  It was chicken strips and fries with a drink.  The young man working the counter was polite and friendly.  We got our drinks and sat down.  There are about 12 tables inside and about 5 outside.  The place was was clean and tidy.  When my order was ready I went to pick it up and the young man asked if there was anything else I needed.  I said no, we were good but when I went back to the table they had forgotten the ranch for my daughter's chicken strips.  She is 7 and very independent so she went up to ger her ranch.  The young man was apologetic and asked and gave her two cups of ranch instead of one.  She was happy.  And she said her meal was yummy.  My cheesesteak was so good.  Great flavor, tendor meat and fresh roll.  And the cheese just oozed out.....yum! The sweet potato fries were great too.  Refillable drinks too. 

While we were eating my daughter was looking at the pictures of Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, and Thomas Jefferson.  We had a nice little history lesson while we were eating.  She also liked the lighting.  She said it looked like a party.  There were lights draped from the ceiling along with the regular lighting and with the high ceilings it did have a sort of patio feeling.  

Being a parent I have probably seen bathrooms in every place we have ever been to, the grocery store, gas station, and restaurants. The restroom here was fantastic.  When I opened the door it was not at all what I expected.  It had nice tile and the faucet had a fancy spikett that turned on automatically when you put your hands under it.  There was a nice smelling soap and lots of paper towels too.  And it smelled nice in there!!  Yes, it smelled nice!  Not like a bathroom at all and it was clean!!  

I'm not from Philly but  I know what I like and this was a darn good cheesesteak!  Thank you Forefathers!!
If you love a REAL Philly style Cheese steak then this IS THE PLACE! It's a local family owned spot on Priest near Warner. I HAVE to eat here anytime I am in the general area and I always get enough to take home. The cheese steaks reheat very well the next day. 

If you are a vegetarian you can eat here too.. My daughter loves their grilled cheese, tomato bisque and veggie hoagie (mushrooms, onions, peppers, cheese on a nice fresh roll).

The salads are great and so are the regular and sweet potato fries. You have to try the fry sauce too and they even offer banana, sweet, and hot peepers on the side- FREE! 

Last but not least the owner bakes the BEST chocolate chip cookies I have ever tasted. I get 2 every time... They are chewy and pretty large for under $1. 

Bottom line.... Go here, support a local family owned business and taste the greatest cheese steak in the Valley
I was born and raised in South Philly and this is the best Cheesesteak I have found so far in the 13 Years i have been here in AZ.
Being from just a little north of Philly, cheese steaks were a child hood staple.  I haven't any place any better than Forefathers for a good cheese steak (although I would be willing to try)

It's a quaint little place that doesn't go all out in decor, which is fine considering I'm used to some of the best cheesesteaks coming out of a cart.  They don't go all out in trying to impress you with the ambiance because they dump everything into what is most important, the food.

The sandwiches are incredible, and they offer a range of options and they are flat priced, $6.95 for a regular and $9.50 for a large.  The regular, with a side is a match for just about anyone.... want left overs or skipped a few days of eating then go for the large.  They offer salads and some other things, but I'm a meat and potato guy so I've never ventured passed the steaks and cheese fries.  

All the subs are flavorly dressed just by themselves, but there are options for adding more, extra cheese, mushrooms, etc. (the add-on prices are very fair)

They brag that they aren't cheap on the meat and in their case, it is very true.  Plus the sandwiches are put together with perfect ratios so no one flavor is overwhelming another.

I also like that you can get sweet peppers, banana peppers, and other things like their "fry sauce" from a small fridge in the lobby... yeah, its open house, so no one looking down at you condescendingly when you grab a handful of pepper containers.

In the few times I've gone, I've learned my lesson, if you want to grab lunch during the work week, you've got to make it in by 1120am.... wait any longer and it gets packed quick.
I give this place 5 stars because I don't know of any other places with good Philly cheese steak sammiches. Their cheese steak with whiz is great as is the chicken Reuben cheese steak. There is also a good amount of meat in their sandwiches and the bread is soft and fresh. I personally think the regular size is enough for me. I love their fry sauce and their sweet potato fries. Their regular fries are not anything to get excited about though. Prices are decent and the service is quick as well
Nothing about it was good for me, but everything about it was good!  My friends have been raving about Forefather's for the past year and despite working less than a mile away I hadn't tried it.  Being a vegetarian I figured there would be nothing for me to eat.  I was wrong, they have a nice salad menu (that can be modified) and their tomato soup and grilled cheese is fantastic!  I wanted to try the sweet potato fries, but couldn't possibly put one more thing in my stomach.  The place is nothing fancy, order your food at the counter, and pick it up at the counter, but the service was still great.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the mood for some greasy comfort food.
I mention this place and most people don't know where it is BUT it is one of the best kept secrets for great cheese steaks that I know of. GO and find it on S. Priest Dr. just about a block north of Warner and just east off the I-10. My wife is from Philly and she proclaims this joint to be the best of all. Bernadette can talk for 30 min. about Philly cheese steaks like Gino's in Philly and how this place is very close to Gino's as in "GOOD". 
I don't each much beef but I definitely like this place and especially the fried onions and the sweet potato fries. And you can get it in chicken.
And best of all, they 'splain it to me so I know how to order. GREAT PEOPLE!
Fer cryin' out loud, TRY IT!
You will like it!

Bob Stephens
Amazing true east coast cheese steak sandwiches with real cheese whiz! 
Employees are friendly and efficient. Service is fast. 
I would recommend this to anyone from the east coast looking for a bit of home.
Simply an eh!  I can't get over calling this place gourmet.  The sandwich is okay and pouring cheese sauce on everything doesn't make it gourmet.  Uncle Sams has much tastier steak sandwiches and are more reasonably priced.  I guess it just isn't for me.
Artery clogging goodness.  I recommend the #1 with pizza fries.
My first and last visit.  Walk in and it is loud, very small and very loud.  Someone recommended this place to my wife and since I love Cheese Steaks I though I would give it a try.  Order a regular cheesesteak, cheese fries, soda for both of us.  The steak was tasted like minute steak, the cheese I could not taste.  The FF were covered with too much cheese.  And did I say it was too loud to even hold a conversation unless you wanted to talk louder than the guy yapping a foot away from you.  So after watching here is what I recommend if you do go.  Get the cheez whiz on your steak and do not get cheese on the FF.  But if you want a really good cheesesteak go to Philly's Famous in Chandler.  Oh yea just because you call it Gourmet, does not make it gourmet. Gourmet  describes a class of restaurant, cuisine, meal or ingredient of high quality, of special presentation, or high sophistication.  None of that is happening here.
We stopped at Forefathers for lunch after a hike at South Mountain.  This was our first visit, but our friends go there often for father-son lunches. 

It was great!  The place was packed and people were even sitting outside in the rain. If that doesn't tell you how good the food is, I don't know what will. 

Even though the place was packed the staff was friendly and efficient. The line moved fast!

Our Original Phillys were tasty and messy, just the way I believe a Philly should be!  The fries were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, perfect!  Be sure to try the fry-sauce!

Our only negative was the size of the dining area. It was a bit small and crowded today (it was raining, so no sitting outside).
If you were one of the many like me that used to make the pilgrimage to Bruchi's CheeseSteaks in Ahwatukee, you were probably also disappointed when you arrived that one day to find them out of business.

For years following their closure I sampled cheesesteaks here and there, but none of them even came close to the taste of what Bruchi's delivered.

Then a co-worker introduced me to Forefathers Gourmet Cheesesteaks & Fries in Tempe and I struck gold. These guys can really turn out a great sandwich.

My favorite is the #2 Cheesesteak (with grilled onions and white American cheese). The regular size is more than enough to satisfy most appetites, but if you are really hungry go for the large. The fresh baked Italian bread is great and they offer a variety of different flavor cheesesteaks to choose from.

If you do a combo meal with regular fries, be sure to get some "fry sauce" near the soda dispenser for something a little different.

I highly recommend this place to anyone out there who loves a good cheesesteak. Enjoy!
This place is really great, the food and the employees. I have come here a few times, I always get the Philly Original wit wiz and onion. I put some sweet peppers on it and sometimes sprinkle some malt vinegar over it. Th fries are yummy with the fry sauce. I like their iced tea and I like that they make a chilled espresso drink that you can pour yourself for the same price as a soda. The employees are really friendly, they say hi the minute you walk in, converse with you, and even offer advice. The guy behind the counter gave me and my kids free cookies, which were awesome by the way! This place seems pretty true to Pat's Steaks in Philadelphia with the chopped meat and cheese whiz, I am guessing it would taste similar.
Very tasty cheese steaks featuring the whiz with onions as an option. They also have some chicken menu items as an alternative. Sweet potato fries are awesome. I definitely recommend this joint.
I always get the number 1 and its always spot on.  Cheesesteaks are one of my favorite foods and I have jumped from place to place and this is my favorite by far.  I've tried most in the Phoenix area.  I work in downtown Phoenix so I don't get it as much as I like but I make the trip often.  Always friendly and always great.  My vote for Best of Phoenix.
Forefathers is definitely our new regular treat. From "one nation under God" at the door, to the "Ultimate Sacrifice" wall, everything about this neighborhood spot represents the awesomeness of America. The awesomeness of opportunity, capital and making a kick ass cheesesteak thats better than any other west of the Mississippi River.
Fantastic!
The best cheese steaks I have ever had and in Arizona no less.  The employees are always super friendly and cheerful. Which is impressive for how busy they are always ( a sure sign they are awesome ).  They have everything from authentic cheese steaks ( yes with cheese whiz)  to customized ones of your choosing.  If you don't like cheese whiz ( for shame ) just order it with "real" cheese.  I have had the chicken and steak sandwiches and they are both fantastic.  When you go try the Pizza Steak with mozzarella,mushrooms and pepperonis (it's heaven on a bun) with a side of sweet potato fries you won't regret it.
Forefathers is definitely our new regular treat. From "one nation under God" at the door, to the "Ultimate Sacrifice" wall, everything about this neighborhood spot represents the awesomeness of America. The awesomeness of opportunity, capital and making a kick ass cheesesteak thats better than any other west of the Mississippi River.
Wow!  Who could imagine an awesome,  genuinely prepared cheesesteak in tempe AZ.  Menu item #1, cheese 'wit'.  My kids and.wife loved it as well.  To top it all off,  one if the best bread puddings I ever had.
My husband says this spot has the best original Philly Cheesesteak in AZ!! The sandwiches have a large amount of steak and the bread is moist. Great sandwiches and you gotta try the "fry" sauce! We'll definitely be back!
Their food is amazing!  Everything from the bread to meat to cheese to fries is delicious.  They have amazing service too, no matter when you're there- lunch rush or on a slow afternoon.  They are always willing to take care of you.
I must admit when they first opened I was not impressed with this place at all... But I always give a second chance to a restaurant and I am glad I did. I always order a #1 Philly Original - (Served with grilled onions and cheese whiz "wiz" and an order of sweet potato fries. The cheese steak is good but I have to say the best part would be the sweet potato fries. Make sure to get all the extra condiment from the little refrigerator on the way out the fry sauce is a must for dipping.
WOWZA! If your a fan of sweet potato fries then Christmas has come early..... simply put, the combination of Forefathers fry sauce and sweet potato fries is enough to make you loose your marbles.  Now as for the Cheesesteaks.... they are awesome.  I've had some good ones here and there but Forefathers takes the cake.  Overall I was very impressed.  Im not from the east coast so I cant make a real comparison, but come on if your in AZ then who cares about the east coast really (the food is so bland and boring usually).  

Friendly staff, casual environment ..... you can't go wrong!
I first ventured into Forefathers about 4 weeks ago, and I must say those guys know what they're doing.  I've been to cheesesteak places where it took forever to get a sandwich.  I was in and out of Forefathers in about 5 minutes with a to-go order.

That being said, I was skeptical at first because of the speed it took to fill my order.  Nope.  They laid on the 'goods' something fierce.  The bread was as advertised.  It never got sloppy and held all the ingredients PERFECTLY.

I've read other reviews and must try some of their other foods.  Have to watch what days I do this on, because you never know when a 'grease bomb' is going to attack your innards, and I have workouts to consider. 

This place is LEGIT.  GO. NOW!
A couple weeks ago a friend had told me I'd never had a real cheese steak unless I'd had one with Cheese Whiz. Turns out the Cheese Whiz used on cheese steaks isn't the same kind college students stack with Ritz crackers to give themselves early heart attacks. 

I had the #1 (Steak and Cheese Whiz) and it was delicious. I got fries and a drink as well and my total came out to ~$10. The portions are quite large and they give you a hefty serving of meat in the sandwich. 

Be careful when eating because these sandwiches are literally dripping with cheese. The bun was great and somehow didn't get soggy. 

I've been to a few places serving cheese steaks in the valley and this is the best, added bonus is you can be in and out of here in five minutes.
"Gourmet"  is used loosely here.  If your meat is all pre-cooked and they just toss it on the grill to warm it up, can you really say you're gourmet? I'm pretty sure that's what Mickey- D's does, and no one is claiming they're gourmet.  I could probably get over that fact if it weren't for a horrible interaction I had with one of the employees regarding their bread.

When walking into Forefathers, they have a sign declaring that what makes the sandwiches they serve better than any other is the bread.  Turns out, they don't make the bread in the store.  Ok, I can get on board with using a local bakery to make your bread.  What I cannot get on board with is the fact that they have no idea what is in the bread they serve, nor do they have any interest at all in finding out! 

My allergies to dairy and eggs make it difficult to find bread that I can eat.  When I asked the lady at the register if their bread had dairy or eggs she said she didn't know and couldn't find out.  Ok, I'll have a salad and I'm fine with that.  The issue came when I suggested that she may want to ask the bakery next time she talked to them as food allergies are becoming more common.  She said no she didn't think she would do that and that I was the only one who had ever asked.  WRONG answer! It is an insult to gourmet eateries everywhere to not know exactly what is in everything you serve.  If the bread is really what makes the sandwich, why don't you know what's in it.  I, for one, will not be returning.
We stopped at Forefathers for lunch this Saturday . This was our first visit, but we thought we give it a south Philly try coming from the Penna area. so yes I do know what a cheese steak should be.

It was good!  Not great ! The place was busy and people were even sitting outside in the heat. 

Even though it  was packed the staff was friendly and efficient. The line moved pretty quick.

Our Original Phillys were messy and good. 

Our negatives:

The size of the dining area. It was a bit small and crowded today.

The meat was per-cook it take away from the moisture and meat had a little burnt taste. You should make the sandwiches to order ... every order with fresh rib-eye meat "not the pre cook" stuff. keep the grill a little lower not burn the meat.

I will try this place again the future to see if anything changes.

The price for two cheese steak, 2-fries, 2 coke was $ 22.00 and change a little steep.  The combo did not include the drinks.
Everything was authentic and really tasty.  They must be using rib-eye because the meat was better than most cheesesteak wannabes.  The bread was an added bonus and the cheese fries were a great fit.
This place makes the best cheesesteaks this side of the Mississippi. Every time I go, they seem to get better and better. I've tried about everyting on the menu, and you can't go wrong. The first time you go, you just have to order the Original. I suggest adding mushrooms and peppers, too.

The atmosphere is fun and inviting. You can tell all the people working there are enjoying themselves and everything is extremely clean! So great to see a place proudly displaying their love for our country, too. Check it out!
Fantastic place, best cheese steaks in town. Always clean and the employees are super nice!!
Best cheesesteak I've had so far in the East Valley!  The bread, the whiz, the meat and the onions are all just right.  It's a little pricey, but well worth it!  The service here is amazingly fast, which seems to be a rare thing in AZ(I'm originally from Chicago).  You won't be disappointed!
We were sitting at home this Saturday night watching the Travel Channel and Pat and Gino's was on. Immediately I was home sick (PA girl here) and suddenly hungry. I Googled Philly Cheesesteaks in Arizona and Forefathers came up, even better it was less than 5 minutes from our house. I saw they closed at 8 and it was already 7:30, we grabbed the keys and off we went. When we got there a table of 12 was finishing up as well as another of 2, 3 people came in behind us so we did not feel too bad being late comers. We were pleasantly welcomed by the staff and ordered our food. A few more patrons would trickle in both to dine and get take out. My husband and I both agreed our sandwiches were delicious. He got the original with cheez-wiz and peppers and I had the cheesesteak with onion and american. I thought it was nice that they came out in the dining room to ask how it was, a few people even came in at 8:02 and they we more than happy to serve them unlike other places that will turn you away 5-10 before closing. We will defitnitley be back, I am anxious to try the pizza steak on my next go around. Glad to have found you!
Ahh cheesesteaks, what a sensitive topic. Well I feel that before I start I have to state that I AM a Philly native. I'm not saying my review/opinion holds more weight than that of others, but basically, it does. 

Forefather's is good to go in my book! I tried their "the original" and it did bring a slight smile to my face when I bit into it. The shredded style of steak isn't my choice (see my Steve's Prince of Steaks review) but other than that, they've got it down OK. I won't ding them on their not using a certain kind of roll made from Philly local bakery Amoroso's as I don't believe that is a possibility out here. 

The only thing that I can say that is a negative about the place is that they are pretty pricey for the amount that you get. However, I too will accept this as things like this are pretty much a novelty here, and I guess I'll have to pay a little bit more for less to remind myself of home in between visits back east.

The fries were OK, and I didn't get to use any of their fry sauce so I can't comment on that. 

+1 for the patriotic decor, and another +1 for their tribute to the "forefather's of cheesesteaks" display, even though I believe that the big two have become tourist traps and aren't really that great anymore (see SPoS review). Jim's is in the NE very close to Steve's. You "could" say that Jim's is Steve's biggest rival, except that Steve's is without peers.
Loved the food and thought the chocolate chip cookies was one of the best I've had (little crunchy but mostly chewy).   

Great atmosphere, very clean.  Also loved the military display in the back.  Feels homey
First trip to Forefathers.  Very satisfied with the entire experience.  Friday at lunchtime.  Fast service.  I took several reviewers advice and ordered the number 1.  I made the mistake of ordering a large and could not finish the entire sandwich, but it was so good I almost made it through.  I don't know what other yelpers are talking about using pre-cooked meat.  They were grilling up fresh Porterhouse steaks while I watched.  Fry sauce is great. The food was great and the atmosphere was great.  The place was clean, including the bathrooms.  I will be back for more as soon as I recover from this food coma...
I've been to pats, ginos, and jims in Philly and this place is just as good as any of them. 

Always always always go with the whiz, and give the sweet potato fries a shot.  You won't be disappointed with this place. Hands down best and most authentic cheesesteak in AZ
One of my favorite places to eat. Everything on the menu is great.
Excellent lunch, definitely will return!
Outstanding cheesesteaks.  Nothing but good experiences here.  While you may spend more than you planned for lunch, the portions are quite large.  Always a good choice.
Made me and my bro sick. Tasted good at first but something wasn't right.
Really good steaks, a little pricey but good. Very friendly staff which always rocks!
Great Mom & Pop shop just off Priest, very attentive to your desires for a sandwich. Sweet potato fries are incredible especially with the fry sauce. Staff is always tending to keeping tables & bathroom clean, and the food is great! Will definitely be back :)
Not my favorite. The cheese steak was way too cheesy. The steak was completely lost in the cheese wiz. Good amount of steak but again not my favorite especially @ a $9.95 price for a large. The sweet potato fries with the fry sauce was good. I'm still on the hunt for the best cheese steak in the valley!
OOOMMMGGG...I am obsessed with Forefathers.  I think I could literally eat there every day.  They do have a bunch of sandwich options, although I've stuck with the Original "with wiz".  They have a small fridge with peppers and fry sauce--must try the fry sauce.  The staff there is so nice and it's always clean.  The only bad thing about going during lunch is that it is on the small side so seating can sometimes be a problem.  They do have outdoor seating though.
First of all, the service was awesome.  I will go back for that reason alone.  But, then there's also the food.  Nothing short of an excellent steak.  I got a Philly Original, "wit" and "wiz".  I also ordered fries and got a free drink.  I mean, c'mon.  Great place.  Reasonable prices.  As close as you can get to authentic in AZ.
This place is the best in AZ, hands down.. no comparison.  great size steak sandwiches...  Will definitely be back!
So I heard really good things about this place... I have been looking for a good Philly Steak in AZ, and wow did I find the right one! 

I walked in just before lunch time, and didn't have to wait in line I ordered #2 the Philly steak, and provolone wit onions.  I know cheese wiz is the way to go for a traditional cheese steak, but I am not a fan of cheese wiz in general; I prefer a better quality cheese like provolone. I decided to get the large, and a combo with fries, and drink. I looked down at the counter ready to pay, and I saw a huge awesome cookie. The guy at the register claimed they were good so I had to try it out.  The total for this gourmet meal was $15...

I got the order in under one minute. I was pleasantly surprised, but at the same cautious because the food came out so fast it would suffer in quality.  Boy I was wrong! The Philly Steak was one of the best I have had if not the best. The fries were amazing!. Make sure you get the "fry sauce."  I washed it down with a coke, and finished it off with the giant cookie. The cookie was amazing.

The only negative thing I could say about this review is the price, but you get what you pay for, and I went all out. Look to spend about $8-$12 which is standard for a Philly Steak around this area.
I liked this place.  Next time I go back, I won't ask for cheese-whiz on my Philly.  Also, I'll pass on the iced coffee which is way too sweet for my tastes.
I spent the last two years in Philadelphia and moved here a month ago. Have been to all the greats Jim's, Geno's, Pats and Tony Luke's. Forefathers is not going to beat any of these places, but it is a very nice copy of the originals. The meat is similar but they chop it up into smaller pieces here. Also they put the wiz on the bun and on top so there is good cheese to meat ratio happening. The bun could be more "crusty" for my liking but it did the job. I would recommend this place to anyone that wants to get a good cheesesteak but it will not be the same as the Great ones.
This place is awesome!  The cheesesteak is hands down the best in the Phx area.  Even the chicken cheesesteak sandwiches are amazing.  Hard to choose when you go, that's for sure!  Don't miss their fry sauce or the pizza fries.  MMMMMM!!!!  Oh and get some cookies.  Gooey deliciousness!
This place is amazing! If you want to be lame and not try their sandwiches, I highly recommend their steak salad if you are a little more calorie conscious. The steak still taste amazing and they have this ranch dressing with jalapenos...mmmmm and don't forget about getting a cookie.
Four days and maybe seven hours ago, our hunger brought us forth to eat cheesesteak, to try a new restaurant, conceived in Philly, but dedicated to the proposition that not all cheesesteaks are created equal.

We shared a large chicken cheesesteak with everything (onions, bell peppers), and cheese wiz, along with some sweet potato fries.

The chicken cheesesteak came with a good amount of tender chicken, with a lot of flavor.  There is a free-range mini fridge that is stocked with sweet , hot peppers, and fry sauce which is nice so you can customize your order with as many or as little peppers as you want.  While the ingredients were good quality, the cheesesteak as a whole naturally doesn't really compare to any I've had in Philly, but it's good for Arizona!

The sweet potato fries were my favorite part of the meal.  They tasted freshly cut, and were excellently cooked with just the right amount of crunch while still tender and sweet inside.

So would our forefathers be impressed by Forefathers?  They probably wouldn't know what a cheesesteak would be, but if they tasted one, I would say they would be!
Forefathers Gourmet cheesesteaks & Fries rocks! This has become our new go-to place at least once a week. We live just a couple blocks from here, and love it. 

Prices are kind of up there for fast-food sandwiches, but you get what you pay for. It's quality all the way. We usually get the large chicken cheesestake wit onions and whiz, and it's so big, we split it. Yum. Fries are awesome too! 

Only complaint: closes at 8 p.m. Mon-Sat, and at 5 p.m. on Sun. Often on Sat's we're not thinking of dinner until 8-ish, and 5p.m. is kinda soon for Sun. Reminds me of Costco hours. Can't blame 'em, as they are probably family-owned.. but please think about staying open until 8:30 or 9 on Sat and maybe 6 on Sun. :)
One of my favorite Tempe spots, Forefathers really instilled in me a love for the Philly cheesesteak sandwich. When visiting, I always order the 2nd cheesesteak option with white American cheese, and either a side of french fries or their equally excellent sweet potato fries. For those wanting to manage their portions, their sandwiches also come in smaller sizes. After placing your order, be sure to go to the small refrigerator across from the soda machine and get a side of their sweet peppers to accompany your sandwich. This place has great food, and along with it a comfortable, casual dining environment. It also has friendly ownership and staff. It's been a while since I lived in Phoenix, but whenever I return and come to Forefathers, there are people working here who remember me and welcome me back. If you check out Forefathers, I am sure you'll want to come back again.
I've been here numerous times when I used to live in Az. I just never really put in my 2 cents about this place, but it is amazing!! I've been here with friends that are from Philly that compare it to all the great cheesesteak places over there and they said its just as great. Also I've never been disappointed in the service or the quality of the food. Yes at times you'll be dealing with a line but its not as bad only 5-10minute at max. Definitely a very friendly establishment. 

I've try all the other sandwiches but I still think the original is the best. The meat was always cook just right, still tender and was never dry. Having good bread is also another key to a good cheesesteak sandwich and it wasn't disappointing at all. Pair it up with a side of sweet potato fries and your good to go! This place won't disappoint you! When I make my way back to Az for whatever reasons that is. This is definitely one of the places on my list that I'll be making a stop at.
My husband is a huge fan of cheesesteaks and I never really have been.  After eating at this place, I can finally understand why he loves cheesesteaks so much.  

We came here after reading the reviews on Yelp, of course.  It's a small place with sufficient seating (outdoor seating also).  Very clean inside.  The employees are friendly and do not rush you with your order.

After eating at a different cheesesteak place, I had become weary of ordering whiz on my sandwich.  My husband bit the bullet and decided to try it, however, and after taking a bite of his, I wish I had did the same!  Their whiz is not that crap you find in a jar on the shelf in Walmart.  It has flavor and it compliments their cheesesteaks amazingly!  I had my cheesesteak with mozzarella or provolone (whichever is on the menu.. it's been a couple months since trying this place and I'm just now finding time to write up the review).  The cheesesteak is delicious by itself, but I definitely would have liked the whiz better.  These sandwiches are HUGE.  Glad I ordered the smaller one, because there's no way I could have eaten all of mine by myself.  Considering the cost, the portions are great!  Their fries were awesome, as well.  Next time, we'll try the sweet potato variety.  Never been a huge fan of them, because nobody can seem to make them taste good, but this place won't let me down, I'm sure! :)

If you like cookies -- grab a cookie from there!  They seem to be fresh baked and made in-house.  I could be wrong about that, but either way they are damn good!

Will be going back when we wander out that way again.  Will definitely be a staple destination spot anytime we find ourselves needing to go to IKEA, since it's nearby. :)
I am not happy with the co worker who introduced me to Forefathers.  Do I really need another way to feed my addiction to cheesy, beefy goodness?  

Of course I do!

This small restaurant in a Tempe strip mall has earned a special place in my heart.  No, not just because of the artery-strengthening cheese.  It is home to the best cheesesteak I have experienced since moving to AZ.

While the menu offers a variety of choices other than cheesesteak sandwiches (chicken and even *gasp!* salads), I stick with what I know and love:

Regular with Cheez Wiz ($7.35) - bring your appetite, because this sandwich is big!  A generous portion of thinly sliced meat and that oh so important Cheez Wiz is nestled within a soft bun.  It is gooey, drippy and messy.  Perfect.  If Wiz is not for you, it is also offered with white American cheese, Provolone or Mozzarella.  While I prefer mine with just the basic meat and cheese, you healthy types can also get any combination of 'OMG' - onions, mushrooms and green peppers.

Fries are a very nice compliment to the sandwich.  Let's be honest here, fries are a very nice compliment to nearly anything.  Forefathers' fries ($2.55) are hot, salty and crisp.  If you haven't gotten your fill of Wiz on your sandwich, you can turn those fries into Cheese Fries ($2.95).  Either way, be sure to grab a container of 'fry sauce' (I am guessing this is some blend of ketchup and mayo).  One taste and you will want to put this on everything.  

Lucky for me and my cholesterol level, this gem is nowhere near where I live.
I don't get the fuss.  I love cheesesteaks, and these are pretty average.  The contents are good, the buns aren't anything to write home about, and the prices are so-so.  I've had better cheesesteaks in the mall--and that's saying something.  Being from the Bay Area (and those of you from there know where I'm talking about).. it's really hard to find a great cheesesteak compared to a wonderful chain there.  I moved to Tempe a month ago, and I'm still on the hunt for a great cheesesteak.  Forefathers didn't quite do it for me.
Looking for good Philadelphia street eats? Well, Forefathers Cheesesteaks & Fries is the place for you!

While Forefathers' is light on Philadelphia decor like the Liberty Bell, the sandwiches would give fan favorite Philly restaurants like Pat's, Geno's or Jim's a run for their money. And you don't have to be a Cheese Whiz fan. The gooey provolone on my sandwich left my mouth watering. The sweet potato fries were equally good. Be sure to sample the available dipping sauces like ranch, honey mustard, or (my fave) fries sauce.

The next time you're in the mood for cholesterol count busting goodness, be sure to check this place out. Even Ben Franklin wouldn't need his bifocal specs to see that Forefathers is worth a fry...oops, I mean, try.
My entire family is from the Philadelphia area, so we know cheesesteaks. All of us agree that Forefathers has the best cheesesteaks that any of us have had in Arizona-- they definitely rival the famous Pat's and Geno's cheesesteaks. The bread is fresh baked daily, the meat is great quality, and the portions are generous. Ask for their fry sauce on your sandwich (they'll put it on for you at no extra charge), and get a side of sweet potato fries to dip into the fry sauce, too. Mmm, food heaven!
This will be brief, because you don't have to say a lot about great. I am from Philadelphia, and lived there over half my life. For a good deal of the time I was in the food business, and I have made my share of cheesesteaks. I try not to gush in my reviews nor do I criticize if I can help it (having been on the other side, I know how it hurts). But after eating at Forefathers for the first time, I can tell you this: You can get on a plane and fly to Philly for a great cheesesteak, and I have been to all the places there, but you can get one just as good right here. They do everything right- the set-up, the bread, grill technique, the meat, all perfect, as are all the extras- fried onions, mushrooms, green peppers, and your choice of cheese. I recommend provolone, but you have to try "Whiz" at least once.
When I saw the price (about $8) for a small sandwich, I thought it was a bit high- until I saw it. They really overstuff a 7" roll. I haven't had a large sandwich yet (app. $11) but I plan to rectify that as soon as possible!
We have been here twice and both times were very good! My boyfriend likes his steak  sandwich with the onions, peppers, and cheese wiz, I get mine with provolone, mushrooms and onions, and we usually share some French fries. These sandwiches are HUGE!! I can't imagine ordering the large when I can barely finish the regular and I think next time I go I'll order the kid sized! Also if you order a sandwich and fries you'll get a free drink. I like the bread and I love that they have malt vinegar available! They also have sweet potato fries which are soooo- yummy! I will say its a bit pricey but it is really good... The atmosphere is clean, friendly, and very enjoyable. Whenever we have a craving for cheesesteak sandwiches this is where we go! Forefathers for the win!
Hey now, let's watch that young energetic staff at Fakefathers dump those "great" fries out of their respective bags into the oil (that includes the sweet potato variety). Now, let's watch the cook take inferior meat that has already been chopped up and is waiting in bins and dump it onto the grill with the pre-cut and measured onions and peppers and voila your sandwich is ready in 2.5 minutes. I want my freakin steak to start red and get cooked on the grill you idiots.  Ok, now let's pay $8 for a tiny sandwich that uses SIRLOIN steak, not ribeye and be happy about life. Nah, let's just call this place what it is:  a ripoff, a place that uses cheap ingredients to make a profit on the poor customers of Phoenix, who don't ask questions and assume because they throw alot of cheap meat into the bun, it must be worth the price. 
    Some folks take cheesesteak seriously and no lazy establishment is getting my cash these days. There was nothing to these sandwiches. no flavor and using sirloin is basically the equivalent of buying a pack of Steak-umm's and making these yourself at home. Garbage, overpriced cheap steak and frozen potatoes....enjoy your meal at FAKEfathers.
My wife and I just ate at your great restaurant in Tempe tonight! What attracted me was the name, "Forefathers," wondering if it had a patriotic flavor, and it did! The Cheesesteaks and fries were amazing, and I love the pictures of Washington, Jefferson, and Franklin on the wall, along with the American flag captioned with "In God We Trust" on the outside window. The staff was especially courteous, friendly, and professional too! We're new to AZ and will make Forefathers a regular stop.
Nom nom nom! Support your local business and your hungry stomach and go to this place!
Friendly staff, awesome cheesesteaks, and a great atmosphere!
They ruined my taste for my previous favorite philly shop. GOOD stuff. Fry sauce and all.
Yummmmy!  And sweet potato fries!
Sometimes you're just in the mood for a cheesesteak. It's not healthy. You know it's not healthy. But a well-made Philly cheesesteak is a thing of beauty. And when it hits the spot, that spot stays hit. 

Forefathers makes the best ones I've had. I like Capriotti's, but Forefathers is the reigning champ for me. Lots of meat, thick slices of mushroom, plenty of Cheez Whiz, and soft, delicious bread. Good fries, too!

If you go for lunch, go early or call ahead. The place has a long line, which is generally a good sign.
Super, super delicious!
Went here for lunch to get a cheesesteak and it was fantastic.  Lightly buttered, toasted, soft bun, and plenty of meat, onions, mushrooms, and green peppers on top.  If you don't want cheese wiz then you can get it with provolone or mozzarella... but the wiz is what makes it!  It's not overly oily or greasy, and really hits the spot when you're craving a cheesesteak.  Make sure you get some of their fry sauce, which is just a variation of thousand island dressing (but is so good).  At this price point you could probably get something a little healthier and tastier, but when you want one, you want one, and this is the place to get it.  Check it out!
Is it true that I haven't reviewed Forefathers yet? I am in serious disbelief. Forefathers is like my favorite thing ever ever ever. For starters, the service is so wonderful here. It is family owned, so it definitely has a warm, inviting feel to it. You can watch them cook your sandwich right by the register, and it seems they are always talking with each other, laughing, and having a great time. From pure speculation, I feel like the family that owns it really enjoy each others' company. But I digress.

Their cheesesteak sandwiches are amazing. Melt in your mouth, packed with flavor, fresh and hot off the grill amazing. The words escape me for how unbelievably delicious their sandwiches are. They are messy in the best kind of way - I don't even care how silly I look with greasy flavor dripping off of my elbow. Ten stars for the sandwiches. Fifteen stars for the sandwiches. A million stars for the sandwiches!

The decor is also really great here. Lots of patriotism up in that joint. But seriously, try these guys out. I promise you it will be one of the best sandwiches you'll ever eat.
This place has a pretty good cheesesteak. Now I am sure someone from Philly would probably lynch me for even thinking that but I said it. It's not the best in the world but for a cheesesteak place that is close to my work it is pretty good. It is a little on the expensive side but worth the price of admission. The regular size is perfect for lunch, get it OMG style onions mushrooms & green peppers. The large is just too much for me. The fries are good. The service is pretty quick. You do have to kind of yell your order a little.
They have a good cheesesteak that is close to my work so I will be back a few times for lunch. Not everyday but a few times a month.
Love me some cheesesteak.
Gotta be some of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. People are very friendly and fast! A must for steak lovers!
The chicken tenders were disgraceful.  Reconstituted chicken parts worthy of McDonald's. Our cheese steak sandwich was good but not great as you expect it to be with the word gourmet in the title of the restaurant.  The service was great and very friendly which makes me sad that I have to give a generally unfavorable review.
I checked Yelp and saw all the stars!!  I need to try this place and it was by Ikea.  Plus!!  I got the chicken & my hubby got the steak.  The place smells delicious.  I got the cheese fries.  They have a simple menu, I like it!  

Ordered and I was expecting greatness.  I was so bummer to taste chicken and cheese.  No flavor (salt and/or black pepper)?  My hubby's steak was tasteless too.  The fries were good, but eat the cheese quick.  When it get cold, it does not taste good.
This place is the shit for Cheesesteak in the Phoenix/Tempe area, I am not sure there is anything that could match it! I always get the phili original w/ grilled onions, you know the works. The prices are a little high, from what I recall, 8$ for a 6 inch, and I always get fries because their fry sauce is simply amazing, so Ill spend around $13 if I get the 6 inch meal which comes with fries and a drink. Their condiments are all fresh tasting (banana peppers, etc) and atmosphere and decor is modern looking. 

Staff is very friendly and service is quick. I highly recommend checking this place out if you dont mind paying a little on the expensive end for cheesesteaks.
This place is tasty but just overpriced for my wallet.
Nice little spot, good food & service. It's just to expensive for me. $13 for a combo meal! Yikes!
Best cheesesteak around and the fries are perfectly crisp.
This is the BEST Cheesesteak I have ever had! The meat was juicy and the mushrooms and onions were cooked perfectly too! The fry sauce was out of this world. We also tried the tomato bisque which was extremely tasty! I only wish we had one back home in California.
Super Cheesesteak, maybe one of the best in town. Great service.....By the way, I know I said in another post about being a vegetarian...I actually ate here before that but because yelp can't figure out how to post a review from a mobile phone, it sat and I forgot (Throwing in my peeve about Yelp...haha)
Cheesesteak with cheese wiz and all the fixings was interesting and pretty good. 

Recommend giving this place a try.
Not busy at all today. Able to get in and out. Great service with some good recommendations! 

This spot was recommended by a friend for lunch who said they had the best cheesesteak sandwitches in town. I have to say that I was I'm pressed and even more impressed with the sweet potato fries. The great thing I liked about customizing the sandwitches was that I was able to add bacon to the delightful treat!! You can never go wrong when bacon is involved!! Great option for lunch!
The staff is really friendly and today I got a free drink with my order. I went to have lunch with a coworker and really wasn't that hungry. I only ordered fries (which are delicious) and the guy was nice enough to give me a drink. Some places will charge you for a glass of water! My coworker raved about his cheesesteak and I have always been a fan of their Buffalo chicken. The portions are large, so they really fill you up. They have a pretty good fry sauce too! This place is really close to where I work so that's a huge plus. Highly recommend this place if you're in the area. Don't leave without trying their cookies!! They're to die for!
Cheesesteak, do it the right way, with cheese wiz, perfection. If you're a fan of sweet potato fries they have great ones.

Great lunch spot, order at the counter and sit, quick service.
Overpriced: Not only the food itself but also the medical bill and the gym personal trainer bill you have to pay afterward.
I was so happy with my choice of cheese whiz over provolone.  Normally I love provolone, but my husband ordered his cheesesteak with provolone and it was lacking in flavor.  If you ask me, the whiz makes the cheesesteak.  Try the sweet potato fries with their house sauce.
YUMMY!!!  This was my first time trying Forefathers and definitely won't be my last.  I ordered the regular steak philly with Cheese Whiz and although I will now have to up my workout tomorrow, it was worth it.  I loved that the sides were available to add as you like (the peppers)..great idea.   I also loved the sweet potato fries with fry sauce.  Love, love, love.  
Thanks Tony!  Great place you have here.
Yelp brought me here. Your reviews were spot on! Such a cool little atmosphere and a cheesesteak you can't find elsewhere in the Valley. Definitely take advantage of the "Fry Sauce!" Even good on the sandwich! Will definitely recommend to friends.
I can't stop going here. There isn't a better place in town for quality and value. A meal should cost $15 of this quality and I pay $10.88 every time and never eat it all.

Reg steak cheesesteak w/ Wiz, add "OMG" and buffalo sauce (which are both free to add FYI) and fried (best fries in town) you get a drink free with that for $10.88. And all you can get FRY SAUCE which you can't get anywhere except Utah and Idaho - this place needs to expand to where I live :)
Excellent! Tried Forefathers for the first time today and was impressed. Went for the beef with onions and Cheese Whiz. The bread was fresh and a great texture, the beef was cooked right with no "mystery meat" and the large size was certainly large. The cheese fries were fresh and cooked great as well. The only complaint I'd have wasn't the food, but the fact that even though it was an off time on a Saturday the dining room wasn't clean with trash on the floor and only a couple table tops not in need of wiping. But that has never stopped me from jamming my face with cheesy meaty goodness, so I'll definitely be back.
AMAZING!! Being from the Philly area and growing up eating and loving Philly cheesesteaks nothing ever compared out here.... Until we found this place. Phenomenal cheesesteak with cheese wiz is the way too go. Though all of the different ways are phenomenal! The sweet potato fries are great. And the fry sauce (I always did this after a friend of mine moved from Utah why we were kids). I find excuses to drive to Tempe just to get a cheesesteak. Must go!! Love this place
The Cheesesteak Saga continues...

I had given up on Forefathers after a visit about a year ago resulted in a greasy steak with sparse, over flavored meat. But a recent return trip was better and showed why so many like the place.

A decent steak. I like the cheese options, as only tourists go for wiz. Provolone is the tip. 

Meat was overall pretty good quality, though like many local sandwich places, there's not enough of it. They still over season. Good steak doesn't need to hide behind black pepper.

Serving peppers on the side is a nice touch. Found the fries, both traditional and sweet potato, to be good. Nothing remarkable.

Place is a little pricey compared to some competitors, but in all, a pretty good option for a displaced cheesesteak lover.
Forefathers is great. It's the best cheesesteak I've had in Arizona so far. I haven't tried many but best so far. The small sized one should be filling enough for most people. The fries are very tasty. It was a reasonable price for such a high quality. The staff was friendly and quick making the food. The restaurant was clean
When looking for a good cheese steak its all about the options! The "wit" or "wit out"  as well as the "wiz" you can keep that in Philly!  The secret here is the buffalo cheese steak! I suggest any cheese other than cheese wiz to get the full flavor! As for the fries some of the best this foodie has tasted and you can't go wrong with never ending fry sauce! Hands down best cheese steak on the east side. If you are thinking of going to other places nearby check out my other reviews....
Forefathers was recommended by my co-workers so I decided to try it out! Ordered a Philly cheesesteak with provolone, onions, and mushrooms; made it a meal and got cheese fries. The sandwich was ok, it didn't wow me like I was hoping. It didn't have enough cheese so I felt the sandwich was dry. The cheese for the cheese fries started hardening pretty quickly and was not hot at all. The location was cool and the service and employees were really nice. 

I am going to give it another try. Next time I'm going with  the "cheesewiz" instead of the provolone or the buffalo chicken and will try the sweet potatoes fries. 

I would give it a try wasn't that expensive either.
Its pretty decent.  Good flavor on the meat.  The bread can be a little chewier and well.. better.  But not too shabby at all.  Sweet potato fries are good though more slivery than a fry.  Not sure about the fry sauce that everyone raved about.  It might taste better on a regular fry.  Anyway, love the idea of the condiment fridge where guests can help themselves to peppers and such.  Would definitely return.
I've only been here once, before a night out on mill, and It was good, but I was expecting to like It more. Don't get me wrong, It was really good, but don't you hate It when u eat, then your thirsty, so your drinking glasses full to ease the thirsty-ness,then you get even thirsty-er, so you drink more, and It just gets worse and worse until your so full you can't drink anymore!!!!! But your still thirsty!!!! No? Just me? Ugh, I digress!..
While I was here It got pretty busy and loud, which I didn't mind at all. I like the atmosphere and really liked the cheesesteaks. It was pretty huge, and the fries with cheese sauce were really good! I would come back here, but maybe not right before a night out, I'm pretty sure with all the water I drank I looked about 6 months prego!! :)
Hands down, the best cheese steak in the valley.  I pretty much order the same thing every time I go...the Regular Cheese steak with Wiz, OMG (onion, mushroom, green pepper) and sweet potato fries (and you get the drink for free when you order a side).  You HAVE to try their fry sauce...I could drink that stuff straight!  This is one of the few places that I get cravings for.
You know, I had this place built up in my mind to something that's better than it actually is.  Now, don't get me wrong, these cheesesteaks are better than those you'll get at a mall food court, but like those in south Philly, they are not.  The last time I was here I was really thinking I'd have a delicious sandwich, and it was ok, but really had no flavor.  I always get mine with everything minus green peppers, and provolone for the cheese.  The meat was tender, bread soft, but the sandwich had absolutely no flavor.  None.  Maybe I'm doing it wrong, but I think I've satisfied my cravings for Forefathers and will wait til my next trip to Philly to have another cheesesteak.  

OH!  And I can't believe I almost forgot this, but I always get a kick out of the fact that this place is always full of dudes.  Always.  Single ladies, if you like a meat-eating man, get your carnivore on and go cruise this joint.  You will be WAY outnumbered.
This place is awesome.  Very very good.  Cheese steak was just like Jim's on south street.  From what I remember. But nonetheless it was awesome. Highly recommend.
its good
I've eaten here a few times now, and the cheesesteaks are absolutely amazing, but I don't care for their french fries and they blew it on the fry sauce (I am originally from the birthplace of fry sauce, so I know my fry sauce). The fries and sauce are what is keeping them from earning 4 or 5 stars from me.
Decent enough. I'd stop by again if I were hungry and it was nearby. Good service as well.
I'm very impressed after eating here the other week - after all, the cheesesteak I ate was almost as good as the one I make!  4 stars, hands down.
Here's how I ordered/assembled my beast:

1. Ordered a regular cheesesteak with OMG (onions, mushroom, green pepper) and provolone
2. Add pizza sauce and cheese whiz
3. Small order of french fries
4. Grabbed sweet peppers and cherry peppers from the fridge.
5. Combined everything together.
6. Thought to myself, "I am amazing."

All that for under $11.  Not bad!

The steak was juicy and tender, the veggies and cheese were of excellent quality, the pizza sauce took it up a notch, and the cheese whiz sealed the deal - like frosting on a cake!  I also really enjoy how they have the sweet peppers, cherry peppers, jalapenos, and fry sauce in little to-go containers.

My only regret was not ordering a large sub.  Why did I order regular??

Oh well.  Regardless...GREAT JOB, TEAM!!!
Quick service and a freshly prepared, delicious chicken cheesesteak sandwich.  The self-serve pepper fridge is a nice touch.
Hands down the best cheesesteak in the Valley. The only downside is that there are not other, more convenient locations. The large cheesesteak is very large so only order it if you are super hungry. As an added bonus, this place is decorated with pictures of the Founding Fathers. America ftw!
A small place with nice decor and seating outside.  I had the steak philly with wiz OMG hold the g.  I am a fan and will be back.  The staff was nice. Friendly from the moment I walked in and even thank yous on the way out.   It was half full at 2pm.  I can imagine this place could get crazy busy.  My order was ready in minutes.  I too liked the to go containers of fry sauce and jalapeños.  

I'm not the eco friendliest person, yet I wonder why 3 monitors are needed to display the menu when it could be on a printed board.  It's the trendy thing to do now with monitor menus, yet the prices and items are not changing that frequently.   Seems a waste of electricity. 

Off that rant, a great place, great philly,  friendly staff.  My new favorite sandwich place.
Good food, fast, friendly service. Cute little place with seating indoors and on a little patio out front. Clean too :-)

Likely will go back and try other options. I had the chicken with buffalo sauce, white cheddar and all the veggies. Was really good and the price was good too.
I have visited this place 2 times with my husband.  I'll be honest, I've never had a "cheesesteak" before, so my review is based off of Forefathers and not a comparison of a philly cheesesteak.  By the way, they don't claim to be a Philly Cheesesteak, just a Cheesesteak.  Maybe it doesn't matter.  Whatever.

The first time I had a regular size with Cheez Whiz, no peppers and onions.  In my experience you get big long strips of peppers and onions, so I passed.  I also heard a real cheesesteak has cheez whiz on it, not provolone, so I opted for the Cheez Whiz.  I also got an order of fries.  Let me say, you get a TON of fries and the regular size Cheesesteak is almost as big as a footlong.  This sandwich was YUMMY!!!  The fries were really good, and you have unlimited fry sauce.  I think the fry sauce was good, but a tad bit bland.  So i used ketchup as well.

My hubby got the regualar size Cheesesteak with provolone, peppers and mushrooms.  I saw that the peppers were small and diced up!  He love his meal.

The second time I got the regular sandwich, cheez whiz and peppers, he got the large sandwich with provolone, peppers and mushrooms.  We split and order of fries this time.  His sandwich was too big, and usually he can really pack food in, so this goes to show how big the sandwich is.  Again, we loved it!

****Warning****** the food is a bit on the satly side, so order a large drink and bring some Diurex with  you!  Your calves will look like tree trunks if you don't!

We will eat here again for sure.  I wish they were open a bit later though, they close at 8pm.  :-(
Lots of people make long reviews for some fast food joint,  im going to make mine short. My friend wanted to go here, so I thought I'd give it a try since I love cheeses teams. I've had the real thing in Philly, but you could never hold a candle to the best. Honestly, I don't know what the hype is all about. It's not that great to me. They use Kraft cheese whiz, which I could have bought at the grocery store. Meat didn't have much flavor. I felt like I got railed on the price, $30 for two sandwich combos, Cmon. Easy to miss unless you know where it is. Forgettable experience and was more upset when I left then what I came in due to the high expectations of other yelp reviews.
Excellent cheese steak anyway you want it. Order fries extra crispy they are killer.
So there we were on a Sunday afternoon, knowing I was hungry but not quite sure what I was in the mood for.  So pulled out my handy Yelp Ap on my phone to see what was in the area.  Forefathers quickly grabbed my attention.  Meat & Cheese yes! So there we go, I had the beef with cheese wiz, my BF had the chicken with marinara.  Both were loaded with meat/chicken, they were not stingy at all with the meat.  The lady at the counter was so friendly and helpful too.  I was able to get 2 cookies as a side, and OMG those cookies were the best! Make sure you try them, they are homemade, fat, and soft with chocolate chips. And normally I don't consider myself much of a french fries enthusiast, but they were so good I ended up eating half of my boyfriends order. I also loved the American theme, and felt like the place was a family business, I could be wrong but thats the vibe I got.  Overall, a very pleasant surprise.
Overpriced for what you get.  Roll was fair, a little spongy.  Meat was pretty tasteless and an odd texture.

This place would never survive in my native Philadelphia.
I love the food here and the service is friendly and top notch.  

Bit pricey at $10 and change for a regular cheesesteak, fries, and a drink.
Food is ok, service is pretty bad. When you go out to eat you should get your food the way you like it. I politely asked to fix it, even offered to pay more. The guy looked at me like I was stupid and did nothing for me.  I wasn't in the mood to argue so I let it go. If the food was great I would maybe put up with the jackwagon behind the counter but it was bland and nothing special so definitely never going back. When a customer is trying to give you money to be happy and you dont take it and leave them mad, there is a problem (management). Don't know how they can afford to pay 8 guys to stand around if they don't take my money.
Forefathers has a good cheese steak.  I'm yet to find one that is true Philly style, but this one comes close.  The first time I came here, I got the cheese steak with provolone, which was a mistake!  You have to get it with the cheese whiz or else you're not getting the full flavor and it's honestly really good.  The fries are fresh and crispy, made when you order them!  The fry sauce is actually very good, and I'm not a fry sauce person.

Lastly, you NEED to try the cookie.  OMG - it's is delicious, soft and fresh.  It's worth every penny.

Come and try this place out!  It's great for lunch, they are quick with their orders!
Hit this place twice a month. Great Cheese steak, fast service. Little noisy so I sit outside when it is not to hot.
I have visited this place many times since my move to Arizona. This is the place to go if you ever are in the mood for a cheesesteak sandwich. You can get it anyway you want it:  chicken or steak, with or without onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, and your choice of cheese. If you decide to get fries or even the sweet potato fries, be sure to get their special fry sauce to dip them! It's pretty good!

And what I love about this place is that their cheesesteaks is that there's not a lot of grease as you would imagine there would be - it's quite opposite, so you don't wind up with soggy gross bread! 

Anywho....go check them out!
Overrated for sure.
Low grade ingredients, served with a smile. Really the employees are very friendly,  but they seam unaware of the pour quality of the food they are serving at relatively high prices.  With fries in the name, I thought this joint would have some good fries, they where straight out of the freezer.  This place also needs a deep cleaning.  I think the floors are the type that never look very clean, so they need constant attention.  The vent in the bathroom is a tell tale sign of overall lack of attention to cleaning details not to mention the drink station.
Being from Philadelphia does make me critical of the steak, but most of my review is not steak related.  I give the steak 3 stars; the roll being the closest I have found in the valley to right, but the meat... for get about it.
Nah, I don't think so.
They had all the makings to look like a legit cheesestake place - big slab grill, whiz on the menu, pics of Philly...but then the mirage wears off and you drink the sand.  The meat reminded me of grocery store freezer chipped beef, lackluster flavor on a too soft roll.  The only thing I appreciated was the whiz-to-beef ratio.  Also did not appreciate the Disney World resort type prices - holy moly!  I think I'll keep looking.
Ate there on a friend's recommendation. The regular cheesesteak was superb.  I recommend the Cheez Whiz and OM.  A bit noisy during lunch, some sound absorption treatment would be help. Limited selection of soft drinks.  Local, family owned and cordial staff.   The beef was moist and flavorful. The hallway tribute to our Founding Fathers is a nice touch.  Yes we will be back.
Good cheese steak place. Good bread, meat and has the Wiz so its gotta be good. fries are good especially the sweet potato.

 A lil too pricey but good overall and quick.
Love this place! Simple menu and great food. Locally owned and well run. Busy for lunch, full of folks that appreciate a great meal. Try the complimentary fry sauce in the cooler by the fountain drinks.
Delicious every time! Never been to Philly but I guess I never need to. Get it with whiz, that's the best way.
Can this get any tastier!!? I think not- Super yum!
Utter deliciousness-every bite, every thing, every time.  I have been coming here for years and I am amazed at how good it is every time. Fresh home made rolls, high quality beef or chicken, quality cheeses make an amazing sandwich, and the fries, oh my goodness soooo good, especially the sweet Potato.  The fry sauce is a must but if you like ranch, ask  for some on the side, hause made and best on the planet.no joke-I would have it as my drink if I could afford the calories.  Employee turn over is low so they must take care of the staff,  and the owner is usually there, working just as hard as every one else.  Thanks for an amazing lunch.
I''ve just started really getting into cheese steaks and this place was awesome. Bread was good, and steak wasn't greasy. Fries were great too.
Simple menu. Delicious food. Reasonably priced. Did take out for lunch today and went with the classic Philly steak sandwich with the wiz, onions, peppers, and mushrooms. Super tasty. Seasoned well. Just the right amount. Really hit the spot.

Didn't really care for the fries? Tasted like they had been fried in old oil. 

Will be back for sure to try the chicken. 

I need a nap now.
Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing AmazingAmazing  Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing
Great food. The sweet potato fries are excellent like other Yelpers pointed out. I got the steak philly with cheese whiz. Thumbs up from me.
We were in the area & decided to look on Yelp at what restaurants were nearby. Forefather's popped up at the top of the list & we saw that it had gotten pretty good reviews, so we decided to give it a try.

The gentleman at the cash register was really helpful & recommended the Steak Cheesesteak with Cheese Whiz, OMG! Style (with onions, mushrooms, & green peppers) and the Chicken Cheesesteak with Provolone, OMG! Style. We agreed & got those along with a side of fries. Their combo includes a free drink when you order a sandwich & any side.

The food came out really quickly & after only a couple of bites, it didn't seem worth it. Our combos were $11.25 each after tax ... Way overpriced. I only tried a bite of the steak so not much to comment about that but the chicken was cut too large & had no flavor ... the OMG didn't do much for it either. They had "fry sauce" too was basically just mayo & ketchup - not very impressive.

So, in conclusion: Was it bad? No, it wasn't bad; we ate what we ordered. Was it good? No, it wasn't good either ... and it was definitely nothing special where we will we return.
I've been craving for a really good cheesesteak ever since I watched Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay: Cheesesteak a few days ago (on DVR).  I thought it a perfect time to visit friend Anthony Duca's baby, Daddy Duke's in Avondale.  (Truth be told, I've promised Anthony I'd try his family's cooking years ago when his son-in-law used to own the Philadelphia Sandwich Co. in Old Town Scottsdale.  Anthony himself used to own and run Mancini's in Phoenix before selling it and opening DD.  This is the first time I was able to live up to my promise.)  

I walked into the clean, uncluttered restaurant around 4:45p.  I was surprised to see Tony there, along with his wife Mary and Tony's father, who is visiting from New Jersey.  I instantly felt at home in this space that could easily fit 100+ patrons.  As to why, I really cannot say.  The look and the vibe just took me back to the days of family dining in CA and all of the eastern states I lived in.  My server was friendly and helpful as I tried to get a few food issues cleared away.  I already knew I'd order cheesesteak, but I also wanted to try the sweet potato fries here.  [I needed to find out if they were of the same version sold at the PSC, bec. I did not like the ones I tried there.  When Mary said that DD serves pancake syrup with their fries here, I knew to stay away (PSC serves its fries w/ syrup, too.)]  I was also torn between silencing my cheesesteak craving or ordering the special this evening, which was penne with prosciutto and peas with a garlic butter sauce.  In the end, I wished I'd tried the pasta.  

The 10' cheesesteak I chose was steak, provolone, and grilled onions in a roll.  The bread had a nice crust on the outside and was soft on the inside.  Since I'm a fan of crusty bread, I'll have to ask them to carve out some of the soft bread next time, since it really was too much bread for me.  The meat and the fried onions were good, but the cheese was lacking, and when Mary asked me if I was enjoying the sandwich, I told her it was just "ok" since it needed more cheese.  As I opened up the other half of the roll to show her, she asked "Well, where's the cheese?"  She immediately corrected the oversight, and the sandwich was a little tastier after that.  I wasn't going to order anything for dessert since I'd planned to go to Angel Sweet in Chandler for some gelato, but the dessert sign on the table exclaimed "Cannoli, Pumpkin roll, Cheesecake, Eat me!," so I had asked if the cannolis and the pumpkin roll contained **.  The baker reported yes on both, but no allergens in the pumpkin cheesecake.  "Oh, alright, I'll have the pumpkin cheesecake."  Am I glad I did, for this was the highlight of the meal!  If you're a pumpkin cheesecake lover, you must try DD's version.  You won't be sorry!

So three stars only for the cheesesteak and the overall service- clean, uncluttered space; clean restroom; and inviting atmosphere.  My original server had to leave early, and my other server didn't come to check as often as the first; otherwise, I may have rated an extra star for the service alone (it irked me a little that, after fruitlessly waiting for my server to pick up my check and credit card, I had to walk over to the register to pay for my meal myself- don't know if this is standard practice here).  The extra star was for the awesome cheesecake- the pumpkin and cream cheese filling was so light and tasted exquisite with the graham cracker crust.  The light dusting of cinnamon was just perfect!  I'd drive 17 miles one-way just to eat another slice.

BTW, plan on visiting for dinner around the same time (5'ish), as the parking lot started to fill up by the time I left (around 5:30p).

p.s.  I will have to try the sweet potato fries next time I visit DD's.  I think weeks' old oil may have been the culprit at PSC (dirty-looking, soggy fries tasted very greasy- inedible, I thought).
It's been almost five months since my first visit, and I thought it's about time I gave Daddy Duke's a second chance.  I called in my order at around 2:15p of Penne Romagno ($9.95) for dine-in since I hadn't had anything to eat since 11p the night before.  I arrived at DD's around 2:25 only to find that the cook had waited until my arrival to start on the dish- I spotted him cutting up the peppers and prosciutto and adding them to the pan.  The pasta was delivered to my table about ten minutes later.  I decided to try their sweet potato fries ($4.50), extra crispy, without the pancake syrup it normally is served with.  

I loved the penne dish!  Mind you, it didn't look as appetizing as it could have; I thought that the glistening prosciutto looked half-cooked.  One bite took care of that suspicion- it was delicious!  The feta cheese (some crumbled, some still sporting shape of the container it was shaped in) and roasted red peppers dressed the dish up a bit.  The SPF looked great, but wasn't as crispy as it looked, so in they went for a second frying.  Needless to say, they didn't look as delectable when they were brought back, but at least they were of the texture I was looking for.

I also tried their two-pizza slice and soda lunch special ($5, add. topping $0.50 each), with ricotta and roasted red peppers.  I did ask if they used corn in their pizza and was told no.  Not even on the bottom to make the pizzas slide easier out of the oven.  I don't know how I forgot to ask if they served thin-crust since it is my preferred choice, but I did, and sure enough, the slices that were brought to my table were more doughy than I cared for.  I thought perhaps the wider edge fo the pizza crust would at least deliver the crispiness I was looking for, but the crunch factor disappeared, no exaggeration, within two minutes or less from time of arrival.  The ricotta looked fantastic, and while the red peppers looked OK, they weren't roasted.  The marinara sauce used was good.  

DD's now serves Berto's gelato desserts (triangular wedges of differing flavors, including chocolate hazelnut, cappucino crunch, white princess, and spumoni)!  Cheesecake flavors come in plain, strawberry- or raspberry topped, and oreo.  A server told me they're trying to convince management/pastry chef into baking a peanut butter cheesecake.  Sounds like a great plan to me!

Don't recall seeing a water fountain indoors during my first visit, but there certainly is one now.  The stuffed Easter bunnies adorning the feature (they've also invaded the women's restroom!) do not lend the restaurant a classy look, although I think it's a more casual atmosphere the owners are trying to achieve here.  Finding another way to advertise Sunday breakfasts and other specials, currently achieved by posting copy paper over the green window shutters and any wall space available, would do wonders for the ambience.  Seriously, the signs posted on the entrance door, on the register counter, and those propped on the dining tables are sufficient!
We have driven by Daddy Dukes for months now and always say we need to try it.  Well, we finally did.  We went there about 8:30 pm and were the only customers there until about 9ish.  

We were going to order a couple of their sandwiches but changed our minds when we saw the meat lovers stromboli on the menu.  We asked about the size and the server told us they used 18" pizza pie dough to make.  Well, we placed our order and it took about 10 minutes.  When it finally was delivered to the table, we were pleasantly surpised by the size of the stromboli.

When we order this item at other places, we opt to leave out the ground beef.  Well, we forgot this time but that didn't matter.  The taste was great.  All the meat flavors melded well together, nothing overpowered the others and the ground beef didn't have that too beefy taste.  The only thing we might suggest is just a little more cheese.  Not too much though.  

I ordered a side of marinara sauce for dipping and that had good flavor too.  

We will definitely go back for another visit.  Next time probably on a Tuesday for Jumbo wings,  when they're .39 each and we'll try a couple of their sides to see how they rate there.
this is great pizza at a great value!!  great flavor wings are fantastic and the feta dressing is like no other!!  you wont be disappointed

Ive been going for sometime now and keep giving them 'another' chance......service is  still very good....pizza has gone down hill....prices have gone up- I understand that  bad economy everyone had to survive....but smaller pizza even though they deny it....it used to be bigger   less cheese  less everything  very disappointed  when something is soooo good  why does it have to go badddd?
As a visitor, I was looking for some place for my wife to carbo-load the night before the Rock n Roll Arizona Marathon.  I was unfamiliar with the area, but staying a a local hotel in Goodyear. I wanted to avoid chain Italian restaurants, and Urbanspoon was being of little help.  Finally, I Yelped and found this little place 3 blocks from the hotel.

We were treated to a small family-friendly atmosphere.  Though the server/Boss(?) was a little on the over-friendly side (shy northwesterners, not used to so much interaction!) it was very nice that they had bins of toys for our child to choose from as entertainment while waited for our order to arrive.

The special of the night was cheese rigatoni with red pepper-alfredo sauce.  This was absolutely fantastic, and far better quality than you can find at any chain.  It was served with fresh bread which quite nicely served the purpose of sopping up the remaining sauce after the pasta was consumed.

Although tortellini is not normally on the Kids' menu, they were more than happy to prepare a kid's sized portion of tortellini with marinara for my son.

The daily lunch specials looked interesting, although the limited length of our stay precluded us from trying these out.

The next time we visit Phoenix, Daddy Duke's is definitely on our list of meals out!
I had the Italian Hoagie and even though the sandwich was a huge portion, I was just not happy with it. It  was way too dry and would have probably tasted much better if it had been toasted. They do have good prices and may be a good place to have an affordable meal.
I absolutely love this place.  My first time there we had the all you can eat fish and shimp on Friday night!  it was awesome!  The fish was crispy and warm as was the shrimp.  We have ordered for delivery a couple of times, and had the Cheesesteak, Chicken cheesesteak and wings and fries, all are awesome!  We went dined in another time and had fried zuchinni, salad and clam chowder.  Each time we have ordered or eaten there, the food has been exceptional!  This little hidden restaurant is awesome.  Everyone needs to to try it.
I have been to Daddy Duke probably 50 times in the last year and have always gotten great food.  The friday night all you can eat fish and shrimp special is fantastic.  I have had many of the other dishes as well as their pizza's and all was delicious.  Once in a while we get a certain waiter who has trouble remembering what people orderd, but overall I would recommend this eatery to anyone who loves good food and reasonable prices.  You won't leave hungry, I will promise you that.
The best pizza in Avondale/Goodyear, bar none. They occasionally go overboard on toppings, but who is complaining?  The Greek and Fat Hawaiian specialty pizzas are great. The wings are good, too. Try the 9-1-1 wings if you like heat. The service is generally attentive. Rob is the best wait person.  PBR bottle specials are a plus.
My wife enjoys the Chicken Parmesan.  I've tried a couple of different fings last time there i got some kine of  Stromboli pretty tasty. pizza and wings are pretty good too.  The atmosphere is homey non commercial.  We've had the same server every time there, friendly guy. i like this place. oh yeah the cannoli was amazing.
Pizza was very good. i had the 9-11 wings and they were incredibly flavorful. we got a free funnel cakes because of a check in offer they had with yelp so that was cool. they hadnt renewed their liqour license so there was no alchohol available. after we left my wife told me she had found a hair on her slice of pizza. unfortunate. ill prob be back to try the hotwing challenge. def 4 star worthy if it wasnt for the hair.
Very friendly waiter, clean and the food was great.
When I first walked into Daddy Dukes it was before St. Patrick's Day and they had the place decked out in shamrocks and lots of green.  I wasn't sure about how quality food could be with a Christmas tree decorated in everything Irish and was quite skeptical. 

BUT my fears were put to rest when not only did they serve Coke products (a big must with my family), but their pizza and antipasto were delicious!  Giant pizzas that could easily have fed more than the 6 of us that were there!  We go two to share between all of us and we got to take some home, and it was a tasty treat the next morning for breakfast (cold, as left over pizza should be in my opinion). 

My parents, my fiance's dad and his fiance, and my fiance and I enjoyed the place so much we decided to have our rehearsal dinner there!  And they went above and beyond to make sure the party was delightful!  During the first weekend of 2012 to hit 100 degrees (thank you Phoenix) we enjoyed pizza, salad, and wings.  (I don't personally like wings, but most everyone in the group was covered in sauce and going back for more, so they must have been good!) 

I look forward to going back to try other dishes they have to offer, but can safely say their pizza is delectable!
Absolutely love this place from day one. Every item on the menu I have tried has been great. Never disappointed.
Ordered a cheese steak sandwich with grilled onions and Cheese Wiz(sp?) and it was pretty good. Also was a big sandwich which was nice. Also got a plain cheese pizza and it was just alright. Something about the sauce is a bit of a turnoff but otherwise it wasn't disappointing. Not sure if I'll be back for the pizza, but I'll definitely go back for the sandwiches.
Was invited to try a new idea appetizer tonight and it was full of flavor and absolutely great. It was a nacho cheesy fried roll and absolutely yummy. I had the Stromboli (the Momma Meat lovers) tonight and couldn't be happier. It was rich and flavorful. I love this place. It is always welcoming and pleasant. I always have two thumbs up for Daddy Dukes.
If you are craving that slice of greasy pizza that has flavor and a pretty decent crust, then this is the place for you.  Not to mention, their pizzas are HUGE! It was one of those days where I just wanted pizza.  Not just any old pizza (delivery or Digiornos (sp?)), but a good slice of plain ol' PEPPERONI pizza! This place did not disappoint.  The pepperoni was tasty, plentiful, and a bit spicy, the crust was YUMMY and thin, I'm not a fan of deep dish or thick crusted pizzas.  

Also, their wings are pretty tasty too and they don't come from the anorexic chickens that another establishment (Native something or other) makes their wings from.  They  have good flavor and a bit of a bite if you order the hot.  From what I could see, they also have a pretty serious competition going on to see who can survive their spiciest flavor! I guess you get them free and even earn a shirt! 

I had been to Daddy Duke's before and had one of their many pasta dishes which was delicious as well.  The staff (I think they are all family) are very friendly and helpful.  

My one and only criticism of this place is one of their desserts.  We got an order of "Daddy Duke's Fun Cakes" for free for checking in on Yelp...and they weren't that fun.  It's pretty much just pizza dough drowning in powdered sugar.  That however, will not keep me from coming back! The prices are reasonable and the food is flavorful!
So I call at 430 in the afternoon on a Sunday (when according to there hours, they should still be open) and ask to make an order for delivery.  
The woman who answered the phone proceeds to tell me 'I'm sorry we are swamped on orders, we cant do that" 
okay..... your sign out front says in big letters DELIVERY... so I then ask, well can I do an order for pick up instead, and she then tells me "No, we are closed"  
If the pizza wasn't so good, I wouldn't order here again, that kind of customer service and business ethic is unacceptable.
Met a tempe marketplace for a quick meeting and decided to do lunch.  walked around to find a good place to eat and the selling factor was the guy standing outside the door with free samples.  one bite and we were in.  great sandwich and easy to order and quick to deliver.  and the pigeons haven't discovered this section of resturants yet (if you have been to tempe market place you know what i mean).  we ate outside and i must say i love this time of year. great sandwich too, did i mention that.  don't be swayed by the phoney irish pub next door with the girls in the short kilts, we almost fell for it but went with the fat greasy guy handing out samples of their delicious sandwiches. maybe will have the kilts next time!
In the past I really enjoyed Great Steak, even though it's not a legit cheesesteak they usually tide me over. However, this particular location was terrible, one of the worst sandwiches I've ever had. Won't be back. EVER.
Um...yeah. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  Not so great steak nor potato.  What kind of company is this?  A restaurant?  Are you sure?  Okay I'm being mean now :(  I sure this is a great franchise however it just didn't work for me.  I can't say I'm an expert in Philly sandwiches, but then again I really didn't order one.  I got a Philly burger, but man -- I rather eat at McDonald's - or even worse Hardees (You Midwest peeps know what I'm talking about :) )  Let's just say I'm not a chef but I can make a better tasting burger.  The decor of the place -- well I just didn't care for it after a while.  - Enjoy!
Straight up Mall Food Court style cheesesteaks - we stopped in here in between movies at the AMC and we're indifferent to it.  Not bad, not great, just ok.  I'd eat here again if I was starving and needed a quick bite, but I certainly wouldn't take the whole gang and tout it as a culinary adventure.  To hate this place based on the quality of the food is like hating McDonalds - you know what you're gonna get, so you can't really hold it to a higher standard.  Sandwiches were decently-sized and the fries were crispy and hot.  Service was slow - only one guy running the counter and grill while his coworker was out getting coffee.  When she came back, she seemed a little flustered by the traffic in the store.

All in all, average.
Not bad.
Never had a bad meal here. Prob been to this location 4or 5 times. Tried something different each time. Love that they push their product outside on sample trays.  Staff is friendly, food is not over priced and always tasty.
Meh. It's not horrible, just not anything special. It' similar to a Charlies Steakery with limited choices.
I used to come here a lot when I lived in Tempe. It is one of my favorite places for a quick bite at Tempe Marketplace -- aka the new Desert Ridge. 

The employees are always nice and even though I'm a bit picky with my order they have yet to make a mistake. I like how the drink/condiment section is set-up. Plus: the bathroom is spotless.

The food is kind of heavy before a movie -- at least for me -- but I like it for dinner or a late lunch and dinner, I think linner is what they call that meal...
Probably the WORST food I have ever paid for.
It's not even freakin busy in here and it's been 10 minutes before they even started making my order. Some chick is just mopin'around not anything I wanted chipotle but came here to be quicker, well the long ass line That was at chipotle was done before they even started making my order that's bullshit I'm not coming here ever again
E for effort, they give it a good try, good piece of meat but i watched helpless, as it was cooked to.....to....o i hope the wiz can save it. ..... it did, it always does.  i grew up on these ingenious delights and sometimes you just have to have one.  and please some one who knows tell me about.... Corleone's  why the godfather name?, and references? New York yes! , Philly .....No, had to ask they couldn't tell me, and the question lingers. anyway the staff was very friendly and i got my food fast and fresh. fries were nothing special but again nothing the wiz couldn't fix ( so i love wiz you would understand so i won't try and explain) the cheez fries are loaded wit it.
I'm a fan of Corleone's. I'm a big, big fan of cheesesteaks with wiz.

For me Corleone's, though a bit pricey, does the trick. Love the standard cheesesteak, typically go extra wiz. Good bread, ample meat, love the wiz. Can't beat the wiz. Great fries too. I'd eat it all time if the metabolism could afford it.

I know there's a holy war with regard to wiz vs. provolone but I saw an episode of Taste (by David Rosengarten) many years back where he supported the fact that wiz is a viable option for an authentic cheesesteak. Since that time, I have of course tried it (many times) and have been a fan since my first one. So you can rant & rave at me about provolone & authenticity but I'm sticking with my wiz.

While I'm always on the lookout for good cheesesteaks, Corleone's does the trick whenever I'm there.
Cheesesteaks should never be soggy.  It's the age old problem, the bread has to come from the East Coast.  Steak was okay, a bit greasy, and the whiz was an important touch... that's just how they are made... but the bread was a let down and was soggy enough to drop most of the steak out of the bottom half way through the meal.  I miss Jim's and Sonny's in Philly.
that's NOT a cheese steak. drive a bit further to Rinaldi's for the real thing.

--"roll" is partially-cooked machine-made batch of chemicals
--so greasy I had to wipe the table afterward, and I never even took it out of the wrapper; the grease soaked through the foil wrapper (how is that possible)
--mushrooms surely from a can
--onions from I'm-afraid-to-think-about-where-they-might-be-from

I'm certainly one to stick to family tradition (placing my finger against my nostril as I say it), but this one belongs in the gutter.

NO.
Corleone's is a good place for lunch - not sure of the "Philly" touches as I've never spent any time there!  Have only had their signature Philly Cheese Steak sandwich (without the cheese) when there - good every time - excellent steak with grilled onions.  My only complaint is that it is pricey for a lunch place - $12 for the combo lunch (includes fries and drink) - making it a pricey lunch for two!
I tried this place because I had a coupon.  It's tasty but very greasy.  I couldn't bring myself to eat it with the cheese wiz but it was tasty with mushrooms and peppers.  Definitely not on the healthier side.
For lunch today we went to Corleone's, a Philly cheese-steak joint, located south of the Ultimate Electronics, along the north side of Butherus; just west of Hayden.

We've driven by them for years and we were never swayed by their signage and marketing...kinda francheesy.  I've read the other Yelp posts on the place, and I can see right away that many reviewers have never had a real, traditional Philly cheese-steak.  Don't get me wrong, real...doesn't mean quality.  In fact, the real-deal in Philly is a greasy, bready, Cheez Whiz laden beast with over-grilled onions.  You've really got to like the-whole Philly package to get into Corleone's, as they do their best to deliver an authentic sandwich.  My feeling is that the best of Philadelphia actually put more Cheez Whiz on the sandwich, which can be a-bit much....but hey, how can you argue with tradition?

Corleone's is a bit pricey at first-brush and they try to nickel-and-dime you if you want to customize your sandwich.  However, their two-for-1 special, everyday from 4-6pm, makes up for it; that, and kids eat free on Saturdays.  The restaurant was clean, and the menu simple to understand; though, oddly, many drink accessories (straws, etc.) are too high for children to reach. The atmosphere is simple with three televisions flickering; with three different programs...including one with Rocky III.

After discussing it with the family, we give Corleone's a 3 to 3.5.  The food was authentic, and the service was very good; for a food-counter joint.
Big, Good-tasting sandwiches.  Environment was friendly and I was STUFFED.  Sandwich was a little pricey because I had them put onions peppers and mushrooms on (should have opted for wiz instead.)  Otherwise, a good place for lunch in the Airpark area.
Pretty damn good cheesesteak, although there are a few better around.  Worth a try if you're craving the worlds greatest sandwich...
Great lunch place, the sandwich bread was really fresh.
Corleone's is a chain steak and cheese joint found in several places around the valley. The steak and cheese hogies are pretty good.  You can get the traditional whiz or another cheese of your liking. I like to add mushrooms which are an option. The fries changed from their original form and aren't as good as they were before. Those from Philly will be disappointed but a nice option for the rest of us.
Not terrible.  Overpriced for sure.  Go see Doug at Pomeroy's for a much better Philly cheese.
We've been coming to Corleone's for the past two and half years and have always enjoyed the food and service.  Recently, we've been taking advantage of their take-out.

Coleone's management has been trying to be more price friendly, given the economy here in the valley.   And, they have been doing a good job of it.  

They have recently instituted several new after 4pm specials, such as: a large 18 inch pizza for $8.99; and on Tuesdays, buy one large sandwich for the regular price of $8.99 and get the smaller $5.99 sandwich for free.  I'm impressed, a large Philly steak for $8.99 is a pretty good deal, but a smaller steak/chicken for free?  Works for me!

BTW, when I got home last evening I noticed on my receipt a coupon for $2.00 off my next purchase of $5.00 or more. WOW!
I am from the Philly area and these are the closest to home I can find.  The bread is chewy (like it's supposed to be) the steak is real rib eye and the service is always fast with a smile.  Fries are always top notch and it's great to have huge ketchup pumps.  some places like to tell you how you should eat your food. For example Subway, Jimmy Johns DON'T OFFER KETCHUP.  they have some nerve to tell you how to eat your food. Trust me beef and ketchup do go together!

The pizza, WOW.  they use GRANDE CHEESE.  in case you're not familiar with that cheese, it's super expensive and the best of the best.  the late great Pizza Connection on Indian and 44th st used to use it.  it makes for an amazing non greasy cheese for pizza.

look for coupons in the mail and the receipts offer discounts on your next visit too so it's a little cheaper than the menu might suggest.
This is pure Philly in Arizona.  Having been to Philly a fair number of times, I enjoy a solid cheesesteak, and this is where I go to grab one in Arizona.

There is only one problem.  Though not as bad as it used to be, there were a few guys working the counter that were complete jackasses.  Yes, I understand it is a place to grab a Philly cheesesteak, but I don't want a side order of Philly attitude, I get that enough watching Eagles games with some of my friends.

On the plus side, they recently merged with an old pizza place that used to serve the best pies in the area and they now sell his recipe pizzas and they are amazing!

Food is good, but some of the older workers at the place need to check their Philly attitudes at the door.
I came here Saturday after spending the day at the Arabian Horse show with a friend, and we grabbed a bite to eat at Corleones.  I've been here several times before, but not in some time. 

I really do love thier subs, and think they put out a great product.  Prices are a little steep, but not unaffordable.  They have a great selection of subs, all made Philly style with cheese whiz and all.  I went with the small #3, and it was delicious! My friend got the same thing, but with fries, and our bill came out to be just under $20 for both of us....2 drinks, 1 order of fries and 2 small subs.

Despite having great food, sometimes the service here is bland, borderline bad.   I think it really depends on whos working the register.  This time, it was a really young kid, and he didnt seem to really give 2 cents about customer service.  

Ive had other poor experiences here with their service behind the counter and found it annoying.  One time I went in 5 minutes before closing on a Saturday night, hoping to grab a sub before they closed.  I not only got dirty looks from the guys cleaning the grill behind the counter, but a rude "WE'RE CLOSED" scream from some dude in the dining area cleaning tables.  They were obviously in a rush to get out of there, and did not hesitate closing a few minutes early on me.  Yea, fun times.

For the food itself, this place is good....service, don't expect much in regards to pleasantries or nicey nicey attitudes.
Honestly... Just not very good. Yeah, everything looks good but the food is flavorless. The Philly steak is bland and seems almost mass produced. The pizza slices were old and nasty as they had probably been sitting around for hours. Actually had a fresh pie the other day at a kids birthday party and the sauce is pasty and the crust us thick and heavy for a supposed NY style.  Overall, not nearly as good as the reviews say, disappointed and will not return.
How on earth can this place only have three stars when they make a five star cheesesteak?
Very good cheese steaks, best in AZ. I do not know why they only have 3 stars. This place gets my business at least once a week. It is a little pricy but its not terrible if you dont get fries and a drink, just get a water cup or something.
I've only ever had take out from Corleone's so I can't comment on the table service...take out has always been fast (been there five or six times). 

I've had cheesesteaks in Philadelphia and these come sort of close.  I'll give you the good and the bad:

Good:
Pretty good taste
No mystery/fat pieces 
Nice with the Whiz
Pizza is good enough in a pinch
Greasy but not enough to be a turn off (at least not to me)
Combo price is good and they always give coupons

Bad:
Bun is a little too soft (might be a result of the grease)
Little Joey's style has very little meat
Fries are coated with (I think) cornstarch to give a false crispiness - I hate that, it's lazy and I don't like the taste
Potato chips are a ripoff
Website is TERRIBLE - Flash - to look at a few menu items is annoying(unless I'm on my iPhone, it won't work there) and just sooo corny.  

If I could give it 2 and 1/2 stars I would but I don't really mind rounding it up to 3  since my husband really likes the subs.
Some days I would rate Corleones 5 stars, and some days 1 star, so I setteled in the middle.  I wish the cooks were more consistent.  I always order a cheeze steak sandwich.  The one guy who I think is now a manager used to always cook - he is the best cook by far.  Some of the other cooks are bad, and some are ok, but the manager guy is BY  FAR the best.  I don't know what he does to that sandwich that makes it soooo good.  

I go here quite a bit and the service is always the same - you place your order, they call your number when its up - not too fancy but it works.
I ordered the "wiz"  to go and was blown away. I had never had a Philly cheese steak sandwich with cheese whiz on it. It was so tasty. The sandwich was hot and the bread was soft and fresh. The french fries were good too. There's nothing fancy about this place, so don't go in there expecting that. We went in around lunch time and despite being crowded the service was pretty quick. The sandwich and fries were a bit pricey, over $10. I don't like paying that much for junk food, so i'll be an irregular regular. I considered the pizza, but it looked old and cold.
Was running around like crazy and was starving so we decided to stop by.  Their steak and cheese was excellent.
I don't ever  need to go to Pat's or Geno's in Philly.. I think the best cheese steak is at this joint in North Scottsdale.  I get mine with the wiz and it is finger licking good.  No soggy fries here either..they must double fry them b/c they are golden and crispy.  I've also had cheese pizza by the slice and would go back just for that too.
Several friends recommended this place. 
I'm not sure how i'm going to get back at them, but I have a few ideas.
I hear there are other items on the menu besides the Philly Cheesesteak & the chick cheesesteak.  I'd never know...  I love this place!  These are the best Philly Cheesesteaks outside of Philly.  Good bread and authentic toppings.  The people inside are fun and good service.  This is one of my favorite places for lunch.
The BEST place for cheesesteaks. Insane. And if you want cheesesteaks during 12:00PM and 1:30PM be prepared to wait but it's so worth it. 

I usually get the large cheesesteak with provolone and onion rings. The sandwich is huge and enough for two meals for me. The onion rings are the best I've had but I'm not a fan of their fries -- although my friends rave about them. 

This place gets packed during lunch hour and the Northsight area is already a mess during lunch hour. This place does delivery but there's a catch: they will take forever and your food will be cold. I don't think they take a long time because they're lazy, iI genuinely think it's because they are just so busy. 

They do have pizza and I've heard it's great but I just can't pass up their cheesesteaks every time I go. 

Most of the seating here is stools with pub-height tables and there are four booths. 

I've never had any problems with consistency like others have mentioned but it can be pricey. Like $25-$30 for two people if you both get larges and combos (fries/onion rings and a regular drink).
Food is good here, bad place for the healthy conscious eater though! Although place is clean, sort of a fun atmosphere, and food is pretty good, only 3 stars because it seems overpriced. By the time you get a combo (Sandwich, fries, drink), it comes out to be 12 bucks or so. That's sit-down restaurant prices for me. So, given the high calorie content (yeah... they do have salads, but who goes to a Philly Cheese Steak joint for a salad), and overpriced menu, I'll limit myself to maybe twice a year or so, or even less.
I'm shocked at so many low ratings here.  Was I just hungry?

Well, I went back a 2nd time.  Nope...with the Whiz and the onions, I really, really love these sandwiches.

OK...I know I'm supposed to be on a diet now but what the heck.......sigh...they're good...fattening as hell.....but damned good.
One of the best places to get lunch in North Scottsdale. 

Their cheese steaks are so good and I never seem to get tired of them. They also have cheap, thin, pizza. 

Price wise, you'll probably pay about 10 bucks for a large sandwich, drink, and fries but that's the normal price for lunch in the area and definitely worth it.

Oh, and if you keep your receipt, you can use it as a coupon for your next meal.
We just went to Corleone's and were extremely disappointed to discover that they had raised their prices.  Their pizza used to be a lot less expensive and only a little bit less good than other nearby pizza options.  Now, they have raised the pizza price by $2 so we'll be going back to Ray's or NYPD for our takeout pizza.  The pizza still tastes the same and really is pretty good but if the price isn't going to be good, I'd rather have really good pizza than pretty good pizza.
It's almost been five years since we first started coming to Corleone's and nearly two and a half since my last review.

Corleone's hasn't changed much during that period of time, which is a very good thing.  You see, Corleone's is primarily a Philly Steak place that makes a great New York cheese pizza.  It's more authentic and tastier than either Ray's, or NYPD.

As a family, we order a few pies each month whenever we do not feel like cooking.  They deliver, but we like to visit and pick up our order.  Another east coast authentic food they offer are the Tastykakes snack food and warm pretzels.  I know this might appear to be trivial.  But, it's this attention to detail that impresses me most about Corleone's.  Yes, you could open a Philly cheese steak place, but would you bother to bring in Taskykakes?

A great thing about Corleone's is all the coupons they offer.  You order a pie, there's a coupon sticker on the box.  Open the mail, yep coupons there too.  They even have $2.00 off coupons on the top of your receipt.  So they're always hustling for your business.  But if the food wasn't good... it  wouldn't matter.

The 18 inch cheese pizza is still $8.99, less a two dollar coupon if you have one. LOL  It's thin and has the right amount of sauce and cheese.  It also flop when you pick it up.  Delicious!

Enjoy!~
Well, I have to say I am disappointed.

My roommate and I called our order in for takeout. We had a coupon for 24.99 2 large cheese pizzas and 24 wings which we thought was a pretty sweet deal. The back of the menu we had had all the toppings listed at .50 extra a piece so we said why not and added 2 to each pizza (meatball and ham to one, and chicken and bacon to the other). We also requested that both the pizza and the wings be extra crispy and come with some ranch.

Once we arrive, we are told that our new price was almost $35. What. How?

They explain (over the course of several minutes) how we added $8 dollars to our order by adding 4 toppings ($2?). I still didn't get it, but oh well. I was hungry and I didn't care, so we paid and left.

Once we got home though we realized that neither pizza was extra crispy, nor were the wings, and, on top of all that, we got no ranch. Lovely.

I like this place usually but dang, this experience sucked.
Seriously guys what happened?!? Being from Philly this was our only go to place that was as close to home pizza and cheese steaks but since you went to franchise the quality had gone downhill 100%! This was our third chance we gave you in the past 2 months and what we got served was a hot circle of uncooked garbage. Anyone that would actually prepare and think it was ok to serve a pound of cheese on a pizza knows nothing about pizza.  When you place a whole pound of cheese on top and burn the under crust it leaves the middle an uncooked greasy soft mess that is inedible.   I think everyone that works there should make a pizza that way and actually try to eat it.  When you pick the slice up the cheese slides off in a coagulated ball of cheese and grease and your left with an uncooked crust.  Very disappointed it is a shame because you had a good thing with us east coasters that miss home. I truly wish I could upload the picture I took of the hot mess we had to throw in the garbage :(
We visit this Corleone's regularly and it is absolutely awesome if you are looking for authentic East Coast sandwiches and pizza. Cheesesteak experts will not be disappointed, and the pizza is stellar.  And the service is always fast, friendly, and excellent. 

I highly recommend Corleone's, and if you're not in North Scottsdale, there are three additional locations - Mill Ave in Tempe, 16th St and Camelback, and Tatum and Shea.
This place is seriously just freakin amazing. It is as if the cheesesteak gods had looked down upon Arizona and has given us this wonderful gift that is Corleone's. Prices are not too bad either. The regular size id big enough to share with the fries. If you sign up for the e-mail club you will get constant emails with specials and deals. Do yourself a favor and always get the cheese whiz on your sandwich.
Some of my coworkers ordered in and I decided to try something since I'd never had Corleone's before. I was under the wire to place an order so I had the Godfather sandwich with some fries. After everyone had gotten their hoagies I felt a little disappointed with my sandwich but still had some hope. My sandwich was just okay. There wasn't anything extra hot about the peppers or really extraordinary about the sandwich in general. The fries were good. I'll have to try a hoagie sometime to really nail down an opinion.
Every time is just as good if not better than the last. Thank god I don't live closer I would be here every day! On this visit the bread was extremely fresh and added to the overall awesomeness of Corleone's. Keep up the good work!!!
I ordered a cheese steak with wiz, onions, and peppers. The add-ons costed me .75 each, even though the sign said .25. With a drink and fries, it came out to 11.50, which is on the higher end of reasonable. 
It turns out the added toppings were worth it. The peppers were juicy and crunchy, and the mushrooms were fresh. The steak itself was pretty standard fare, and I got exactly what I expected with the wiz. If you want to taste primarily cheese though, you should get extra wiz. 
The fries we well done (which I liked) and very salty (which I didn't).
The meal was 4 star, with the deduction coming from the mislabeled price
Super busy at lunch but worth the wait. Best Cheesesteak sandwich you're gonna find in Arizona without a doubt.
I love this place!  It is definitely a little piece of Philly in Phoenix.  I can honestly say this is the only cheesesteak (outside of Philly) that is legit - amazingly fresh roll, Whiz, onions and the steak done just right.  And they sell Tastykakes too...bonus!
I recommend Corleones for authentic Philly Cheesesteaks. The roll is very important for a good cheesesteak and Corleones has a great roll. The meat is chopped not a thin slice of meat like some places. The pictures on the wall, Tastykakes and soft pretzels remind me of home.  Now if they open a Wawa on Hayden rd, I 'll be heaven.
Yummy, yummy in my tummy!!
Got the original cheese steak with american (I know, how dare I?!) and added lettuce and tomato.  Oh my gosh - delish!  The steak is cooked perfectly, and the bread - it makes the sandwich.  It's perfect.  In fact writing this review, I'm craving another one.  This will be another one of my must haves while in Phoenix.
First time eating here for lunch and I wasn't very impressed. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and may try them again knowing that I did not have any of their specialties or known for items like a Philly sandwich. I had the anti-pasta salad and it was probably the worst I've ever had. I threw 3/4 of it away. Plus the restaurant dining area itself was very dirty there wasn't a clean table to be found the ice machine had ice piled up all over dripping everywhere, there were no forks and the floors were gross.
Overall a pretty good cheesesteak.  I like the cheese fries a lot as well.  It's not the healthiest of meals but every once in a while I enjoy indulging.
Love this place! The cheesesteak is one of the best I've had in the valley and the pizza is pretty damn good too. This place is one of my regular stops for take out on Sundays before football games. It's a little on the pricey side for a full sandwich but you definitely get your money's worth and you won't be hungry when you're done. Get the cheese wiz for an extra $0.75!  Fries are thin and crispy just like they should be and go great with the wiz. Sign up for email coupons and they will send you nice deals about once a week. You can also bring in old receipts for $2 off your next visit. Good stuff!
Moved to the valley from Philly. Best cheesesteaks. As anyone from Philly will tell you, it all comes down to the bread. I am a wiz with (Cheese Wiz with fried onions). For the full Philly experience, get the Tastykakes too.
Corleone's has improved over time so I thought it would be a good idea to update my initial review.

The cheesesteak with whiz is still pretty darn good.  The Little Joey now seems to have a fair amount of meat and is a nice change from the original, have them add fresh onion in addition to the lettuce and tomato and it is extra delicious (and not too onion-y).  I've been getting their Italian Hoagie lately too - love it.  They make a great white pie and good pizza overall. I've had great luck with the Sicilian slices too, they're always fresh and have a nice golden crust. I still don't like the coated fries.

They deliver quickly and are still generous with coupons which is nice.  I am also happy to see they redesigned their website, got rid of that awful flash and replaced it with an easy to navigate site with online ordering.

One suggestion, please allow the user to shut off the floating menu.  It's one of those lame web development ideas that never should have seen the light of day.
Food is great, however, when you order delivery from an establishment you would think it wouldn't take an hour and fifteen minutes to make one sandwich and drive it, quite literally five minutes away from said establishment...I understand there is a lunch rush especially on a Saturday, but taking that long for ONE sandwich is ridiculous, now I am reminded to never order lunch from here because I won't be able to ever eat on my lunch break unless I plan it out!! Also the sandwich and fries weren't "fresh" probably were made and was sitting on a counter somewhere I'm not picky so to me it tasted fine, but I'm sure others would be upset that it was warm and freshly made especially after such a long wait
Up until this past week it's been about four years since I've been to Corleone's. My wife ordered a chicken sandwich which she loved. So that was a major hurdle to satisfy the picky eater in the family.

 I had the sausage, greenpeppers and onions with the marinara sauce. Since I've been minimizing my consumption of bread lately, I just ate everything except the bun. The presentation of the meal is pretty impressive when you look at two large buns filled with stuff. But when you get into the meat of the meal you find that there's a lot more bun than meat. I have to say that I enjoyed the meal but thought the ratio of meat to bun was pretty weak.

I say this place is Yelped correctly at 3 1/2 stars.
Corleone's has been our family restaurant for the past 4+ years. The owner is the best! No matter which location you choose, the quality is the same; excellent. To anyone looking for quality cheesesteaks, or pizza, stop in at Corleone's.
Has a great Philly cheese!!!  But service is hit or miss. You never know what kind of service you will get. Most of the time it's not the best. I call my order in or use the app grub hub and half the time I come in 10 mins later and they haven't even started it and it's not even busy!
HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED! I've ordered from them before and it was pretty good, but their new staff is HORRIBLE! I called to make an order and they put me on hold and hung up. I called two more times to still place my order and they continuously picked up and hung up in me. I know they close at 8, but my order was called in at 7:15. I pray that the owner wises up and fires some of his LAZY employees. I will NEVER go back/call back because of this experience.
Great food but you probably don't want to go there for a lunch break they take forever, they messed up my order and took even longer.
I've eaten here many times and it's always great. pizza is great and cheese steaks are excellent! (I always order mine with provolone cheese because the cheese wiz is not for me). Happy eating.
Not glamorous or sexy, just tasty and affordable cheesesteaks and meatball sandwiches. They have a breakfast special too but that ends at 11:00 a.m. and when I'm in Las Vegas I rarely get moving before noon.
I was waiting for the rest of my family to arrive at the Riviera and decided to get a small meal to tie me over. Since I'm a huge fan of Philly Cheesesteaks, I decided to grab one. 

The cheesesteak was pretty decent. It had good bread, nice pepper and onion flavor, and the meat was on par. 

The entire meal plus a coke was under $9, which I think is comparable to other fast food places. 

Since I'm in Las Vegas, I will not be eating here again. There are just too many other places to check out before I leave. However, if you're in the mood for a quick cheesesteak, then swing by and pick one up.
Everything about this place SUCKS.

I bought my Dad a meatball sandwich here and when we brought it back to the table, both the sauce and the meatballs were still cold.

The two Asian guys working behind the counter were also extremely rude and acted like they were thugs or something. I think they need to realize they're working at the Riviera Food Court, not living in 8-Mile.
Great quality steaks made fresh like the fact they put cheese wiz as well as provolone in the supreme Philly would go back
This place sucks!!! 6 people from my son's team got sick after eating here. All the manager could say was "OK". They need to have the health department check them out and the Riviera should screen who they allow to sell in their food court.
Chicken Philly was good, not great, but good in a pinch. Could have used some alcohol in me to help out. The menu did not say that the sandwich would be slathered with cheese wiz either, but it was on there pretty good. There may have even been white cheese as well. The chicken was good quality white meat with onions and peppers and a fresh roll. Asian couple behind counter looked depressed, but making cheesesteaks for drunks probably isn't the most fun you could have in life.
If you find yourself in Las Vegas where, for some inexplicable reason, every other restaurant in town has been closed down & the only place to eat in town is this place....leave & go to Reno!  Starving while headed there has GOT to be better than subjecting yourself to the "food" that they put out. I like to be proud of the job I do, but doubt those who work here feel the same based upon the 1 sandwich I had here (& the 2 days I paid for eating it).
Super-cheap soft serve, slushies, and various other treats. As the name implies, it's carnival food. 

Small, but discarded seats from Tilt-A-Whirl-like rides outside for your seating pleasure. We just got our ice cream & chilly willys (ice cream + slush puppies) to go and ate it on the walk back to my friend's home a few blocks away.
My veggie hot dog was a bit of a joke -- most likely just microwaved. Fries were soggy, flavorless and stale. Onion rings were okay. My boyfriend's burger was okay. Afterwards, I just had a stomach ache. :(

Way overpriced for what we got!
Stopped in today and had a burger, gyro burger, fries and a soda  Yummy!  Also chatted with the owner who was very nice.
Thanks you for a delicious lunch!
Wow. Owner got mad at my review, questioned why I didn't contact him directly at the time, and I responded completely civilly, thinking it was an interesting question. (Ultimately deciding that since we ordered take-out, we didn't feel like calling to complain, waiting another 30 minutes, etc, and definitely didn't want to try it again, so there's that) He replied:

"You are as pretentious as I suspected, sorry for contacting you bitch!!  I NEVER bought anything prepackaged, and if you really cared, you'd ask, I wouldn't have to jam it down your throat, sorry you have to be 'convinced' what good food is."

Umm...
Great NY style pizza, and FREE DELIVERY. Sorry chain pizza places, I have finally found a legit replacement. Best deal is their 18" giant cheese pizza for 9.99 every day.
I would recommend Spacolis Pizza 100% to anyone!!! I recently moved to Arizona and had a flyer on my door for this local pizza place. The prices were much better than the big national chains and I wanted to see what my neighborhood had to offer. When calling in for a delivery order, I spoke to Barry, who apparently is one of the owners. Either way he was extreamly helpful, suggestive and very friendly! The price was right but the quality exceeded the cost by far! The delivery time was quick, the food was hot, it looked amazing and all the accoutrements were included without having to even ask, i.e. red peppers, parm cheese, napkins, even paper plates. And might I add that the ranch dressing is out of this world!!! I had a wonderfuly amazing experience with Spacolis and will continue to order from them as well as suggest them to everyone I know the area!
Spacolis is ok pizza. I ordered bread sticks and a pizza. Ill give it to them that the flavor's of the pizza and bread sticks were very good. But the pizza was under cooked and so were the bread sticks. Not that it was doughy or anything just that the crust on the pizza and the bread sticks were still very white and not golden brown. The cheese on the pizza was all so not browned like how you would expect cheese to be on a pizza. I will give them another try and i will be asking to have everything cooked just a little longer.
Seriously bad!  No flavor to the pizza at all.  Tasted like the sauce was made from ketchup.  Wings were OK at best and they forgot the ranch for our salad with delivery.  Would not recommend.  Spend your hard earned money elsewhere!
Really good but the pizza was a little underdone.  The flavor was really good.  The flavor of the pizza dough really stands out and I was really impressed.  The wings were also really good.  We tried the teriyaki and the bbq. Nice flavor and really crisp.  I did prefer the bbq over the teriyaki.

I will definitely visit again the next time I make a trip to AZ
My daughter and I just went here, it's right down the street from my house, and I had a Groupon, so it was well worth my time.  And we weren't disappointed in any way.  Megan had the chicken fingers, which were real pieces of chicken, not that formed crap you get at some restaurants, and curly fries. Chicken was crunchy, hot, and had a great taste.   Came with a side of ranch dressing, which was really really good.  Has to be homemade.  I had a steak sandwich with peppers, onions, and provolone cheese.  Bread was soft and fresh, steak was flavorful and plentiful and the mushrooms and onions were really good.    

So we've established that the food was fantastic.  Now let's talk about the service.  Top notch.  Friendly, helpful, service was great.  Asked me several times if everything was ok.  

Some guys came in and got the two pieces of pizza and a soda.  Huge pieces of pizza  and a soda for around $5.00. From my table the pizza looked great.   Can't wait to come and try the pizza.  

When my daughter and I go out to eat, I always ask her if she wants to come again.  Yesterday we went to Baja Fresh, which was nasty nasty.  I asked Megan as we were leaving, do you want to come again, and she said no.  Today I asked her if she wants to come again to Spacolis, and she said yes.  And we will come back, soon.  If you live anywhere near this place (Dobson and Southern in Mesa) please go.  Have to support the little businesses.  Especially ones like this.  

Thanks Spacolis for the awesome food and the great service.
Got a groupon for this place so decided to try it out last night when we didn't know what else to do with ourselves. We decided on the 18 inch veggie pizza, cheese bread, and garlic fries. They don't deliver to our location so we decided to call ahead to pick up. 

The girl who answered the phone sounded really annoyed that we were calling to order from here. She sighed after every item I told her. *Sigh* "Is that all?" Umm... yes. Because if I order one more thing I think you might start to cry. Anyways, she told us it would be ready in 25 minutes. So 25 minutes later we drive down there, only to find out that they haven't started on the cheese bread, or the fries. Really? We gave you almost half an hour and you didn't even start part of our order. So we had to stand around for an extra 5 minutes, clearly annoyed. So they finally bring everything out and we pay. The cheese bread looked anemic. No brown on it whatsoever. Which is clearly from the fact that they started it as soon as we walked in the door and pulled it out as fast as possible so we wouldn't have to wait any longer. The fries were good, nice and hot and didn't have that really spicy flavor of garlic when too much is used. The pizza was also good. A little on the cold side, like that had been finished and sitting out for at least 5 minutes before we got there. But it was a good size with a good amount of veggies.

I will give this place another chance just because the prices are decent, and while I had to wait longer than necessary, everything tasted pretty good.
The deluxe pizza is amazing! Its full of flavor. We get it all the time for work, and enjoy every single bite. If you have any left over, I would recommend warming it in the oven, not the microwave. 

The employees are always happy to help and delivery is super fast.
I have been coming to Spacolis since they opened thier doors last year. In the first few months this place rocked, maybe because they were new....  . It has since declined greatly. Slowly the quality of food as well as customer service began to dwindle. I was served a hot slice with frozen toppings for example. It seems with each new employee, they care less and less about the customer. I think they rely on the college across the street for repeat business instead of offering great service. The last time I dined there, I watched  an employee break many healthcode violations like eating in the kitchen and not washing hands.... ick.
Man these people have good pizza.  Just went and got a sausage, olive and onion pizza and it was killer.  A little expensive, but it was so worth it.  And they deliver too.  I'm serious, try it.
My groupon was about to expire so I ordered take out today. I ordered the Spacoli's original cheesesteak with garlic fries and an 18 inch pizza with pepperoni and jalapenos. They told me it would be about 30 minutes when I placed my order but it ended up taking about 45 minutes so I waited for a bit in the restaurant. The service was great - they offered me a small glass for a drink while I waited for my food. The total ended up being around 50 cents because I was using a groupon. The person who rang me up (I'm guessing an owner) didn't charge me since the total was so small.

The cheesesteak was flavorful and cheesy, they did not skimp on the whiz. The roll was soft and fresh. The garlic fries were tasty but soggy so I would ask  for them extra crispy next time. The pizza was definitely worth ordering again. The crust was handtossed so thin but not too thin. The crust was soft and the sauce was savory. The 18 inch pizza was cut into 8 huge slices. All in all you get a lot of good quality food for your money.
How could Brak not try a joint named Spacoli's, even if it's not spelled the same as the famous surfer dude?  Heck, they even have the proper "no shirt, no shoes, no dice!" sign on the front door.  Have been here a couple of times, and the pizza was average-to-better both times, but the second visit was bizarre.  It literally took about a half hour for the pizza to be ready, and the manager/owner type dude was very concerned and made us a free 2nd pizza to make up for the wait.  That was a nice gesture, but what were 2 just-fed people going to do with another pizza?  Eat it cold the next day?  Some sort of coupon for a subsequent visit would have been a better solution, nonetheless we appreciated the gesture.  I have a hard time recommending this place, not because of that incident, but because of the location.  It's in a very sketchy strip mall, right next to a dive bar that has lots of "interesting" patrons hanging out around the area around Spacoli's.  The parking lot is filthy and I felt like I needed a shower just from having been there.  Not sure I'll be back, but if not, it won't be the pizza that keeps me away, it'll be the surroundings.
There are many ways to do pizza, and the debate on the best pizza is heated, but I do believe I've found a rogue rookie with a lot of guts that makes a SUPERB pizza that's also at a great price. Ensure you get that great price by getting the doorhanger ad special. I don't give many 5 stars, but WOW this pizza deserves. My friends and I ordered the doorhanger ad special - 14" Specialty Pizza $9.99. They have several to choose from. I didn't have a say in which ones we ordered, but I didn't care, I was hungry. We ordered a pesto chicken and a chicken bacon ranch for delivery. I myself would've ordered the meat lover's....
    Anyway the pizzas looked and smelled scrumptious, and one bite and I was sold. I could only eat 3 slices, and I tried some of each pie. The crust was perfect, flavorful and bready at a uniform 1/4" thick, and the cheese and toppings were definitely HEAVY on top of that! The crust supported the toppings very well and wasn't totally floppy as would happen with a thin, soggy crust. From my previous reviews you may also know I have a certain disdain for puffy bread with a thin paint job. 
   There was 1 slice of chicken pesto pizza left as 5 of us couldn't finish the 2 pies. Had that slice for breakfast this morning. Best reheat is to preheat your oven on broil, then set the pizza on a metal tray or foil on the lower rack for 2 minutes or less. NOT IN A MICROWAVE!
   For value and quality ingredients, Spacoli's hits a home run into the stratosphere and is definitely on the All-Star team for best pizza in the PHX Valley, joining Grimaldi's.
The pizza is good, the breadsticks are addicting.

That's where the fun ends.

The first time I ordered, they were out of spinach (I stray from the ordinary..), and they called to ask what I'd like instead. Understandable.

The second time I ordered, it was delicious and perfect. Woohoo!

The third time I ordered, we ordered a specialty pizza. It arrived missing two of the ingredients! It had also cooked unevenly in the oven, leaving one side perfectly cooked and the other slightly burned.  Unacceptable.  And if I hadn't been all flu-like and had noticed sooner, I would have called or even just sent it back with the delivery person.

I'm hesitant for a fourth try... when they're good, they're great.  It's just that they're not always good.
The pizza is amazing, as are the breadsticks. I just hate going in this place because it's frequently crowded with people. But hey, that's a personal preference. If you like food, GOOD food, definitely go here, but it's certainly not a quiet atmosphere.
after growing up on the east coast and then living in italy for several years i appreciate a good pizza and also have high expectations. spacolis pizza's is one of the best pizzas in town and also one of the best values. spacolis pizza's is not about the ambience. . . . it's about the pizza, the service and the pride that owners take in making a great pizza.
Man, I love this place. Hands down the best pizza you can find in Tempe. Their Deluxe pizza is one of the best tasting pizzas I've ever had - I get stoked every time I go to order it. All the employees sound like they're happy to work there when you talk to them, and the delivery is fast and cheap. Theres nothing lacking here
A very solid place.  Professional, good pizza, good prices, quick delivery.  Not outstanding, but just a good pizza at a good price.  The best in the area for delivery.
Best prizza! All the toppings are delicious I've had the pineapple and Canadian bacon pizza and the sausage and onion pizza. Also the special wings are on point OMG.  I'd suggest getting the pizza well done, it's a lot tastier and the crust is a good crunch.
Very very disappointed. It was movie night at my neighbors place and we decided on pizza. My friends had told me that this was the best place to get pizza so how to give it a try.
First, the pizza took more than hour to get to us. We were pretty starving by that point. Second, the pizza was cold when we got the box... What a miserable fail. I just ate it because I was so hungry, but after this experience, I'll probably go somewhere else as my first call for delivery pizza.
Very unsatisfactory.  After traveling all day to get to my hotel, I decided on pizza...what can go wrong, right?  I ordered delivery of the 14" deluxe and a 2 liter of diet Pepsi, my total was $21.27, and took about 35-40 min to get to me which was fine.  The smell was amazing...at first.  I thanked the delivery guy, added a tip and off he went.  I went in and washed my hands to get ready to dig in and that was the end of the good experience.  My first bite told me that the crust was a little burnt, I figured well, it's probably a brick oven pizza and it got a little hot on one side...NOT the case...the crust was completely burnt.  I know I could have called and complained, but I was starving from being in the travel mode all day, so I basically ate all the topping (which was pretty good).

I don't think I will risk another $20+ on this one.
I was getting my nails done at the salon next door when I saw a flier advertising for Geno's. I'm a vegetarian but my husband loves meat so I tucked a flier in my purse.

This evening I showed my husband the flier and and he saw the veggie/meat options. So we hopped in the car and drove around the corner. The place was packed - always a good sign. We placed our order and was told it would be a 20 minute wait. Kinda long... but what the heck, we had nowhere else to be.

The food was delicious and my husband loved his sandwich. I found it concerning that the veggie sandwich (cheese,onion,pepper, mushroom) cost the same as the other subs. $9 for a veggie sandwich? My husband thought the price was fair for a full meat sub but certainly not a veggie. Sadly, as much as we liked this place I don't picture myself spending this much on a veggie sandwich in the future. I really wish they would reconsider the price on this item - it was expensive :(

Try the Zub sauce - it was great!
Finally got a chance to try Geno's today! I've been waiting for a good sandwich shop to open in my neighborhood! I had the "Geno's Italian" on wheat not toasted. It was perfect. Thinly slice onions and tomatoes, full of meat (big fan of boar's head), cheese, lettuce and house dressing. My boyfriend had the pastrami on white (no Swiss) it was also very good, the only issue was we had asked for it to be toasted and it was not... No biggie the place was poppin'. Being in the industry, I know how it is opening a new place with new staff getting worked... I have high hopes for this place. 

Ps I think the negative review on here might just be a competitor... LAME.
Oh man....I've longed for a good cheesesteak place in my 'neck of the woods' FOREVER.

This last time was actually my second trip going in.  The first trip ended up with me empty handed, because they had run out of bread. But the owner saw my disappointing 'sulk' as I walked to my car and called me in.  He wrote me a 'free cheesesteak' note and told me to come back (which he really didn't have to....I would have anyways).

I got the Geno's famous with mushroom and onions.  Normally I get provalone cheese, and forgot to order that, instead of the Whiz.  Wow......I'm glad I did!!   Wit Whiz was delicious! The sandwich was enormous (I got the larger size) and was packed with meat, onions and mushrooms.  I posted a pic on my Facebook, and it generated 47 comments. Hopefully, a lot of those people will also try out Geno's.

I think an earlier reviewer had said something about the sandwich being too small for the price, but on 'bread-less' night, the owner had explained to me they were having problems with the bread.  With the delivery and the sizing, but all the kinks are worked out. (C'mon people, they've only been opened for a couple of weeks....cut them some slack).

Anyways, I'm headed back, most likely, on a weekly basis now.  The owners are cool, and the cashier was really nice too.  And will probably try all kinds of different sandwiches, since the "regular" was that good.
Welcome Geno's!  We needed a great cheesesteak in the East Valley.
A group of friends and I went there a week after they opened.  We all enjoyed our sandwiches..they have a good variety.
I got the mushroom and cheese and it was very tasty.
Great service and we were impressed seeing the care they took at checking to make sure the restrooms were clean and tidy.
4 stars for not having brewed ice teas..just the "push my button" machines.
My wife and I have already been to Geno's about 7-8 times since it opened and we continue to go there.  We love the food.  I have always gotten something different every time I but and have always enjoyed what I have gotten. They have plenty of options to cater to any type of taste. My wife likes to make her sandwich custom, and she pretty much gets that every time. 

BTW, I don't agree with the 2 star review, everything they said has not been my experience. They are most likely a competitor (located 5 miles away).  Also that reviewer is a new member with only 1 review, very suspicious...
The Geno's Famous Cheesesteak was excellent.

I'm starting the review off with a 4-star (yay i'm a fan) but not because anything was wrong... I've only been in there once and have yet to try everything nor have I tried the delicatessen side of the board. If it's as good as the cheesesteak was though... it'll easily be a 5.

So the Geno's Famous. I didn't get any custom stuff, just the way Geno's wants it. It was excellent. The bread was very good too, very soft and even the corners were baked right and not hard like others I've had in az. They don't use whiz, which technically could be an issue for some but I'm not getting into that argument because I'm not from philly and I don't care. Some cheesesteak places pride themselves on it, others have their own mix - it's all good to me because I get to eat it all :)  
The onions were cooked very good, real soft and tasty but didn't take away from the meat. Speaking of, the meat was very good, like a distinct taste I can't really put my head around just yet - I need another one to pin it down. But it was very good meat.  So with all that said... the sandwich rocked - I'll easily be back for sure.

Venue... very clean in and out, very visible location from Williams Field road north side. The girl actually spotted it the other night when we hit up the froyo place across the way. Walked in right up to the counter. Service was fast and cordial.  Upon taking a picture (for yelp of course) a guy started talking to me, whom seemed to be the owner perhaps? Nice guy, asked what we ordered and suggested I tried some of their sauce... he made sure we got that added on the side before we left.. Not sure if he's Geno, but nice fella.

Forgot to mention the fries...  Fries either suck hard or their just good. These fries were just good and pushing damn tasty... I dont know if it's the oil they use or some special seasoning (didn't seem salty at all tho) but they were good. It's on rare occasion that I finish a basket of fries.

Overall I suggest you check it out. I'm sure that was the best cheesesteak I've had in Arizona so I can't wait to return and try another variant and see what they have to offer behind the deli because there needs to be some good lunch places out here in Gilbert... Geno's is off to a great start.  See you in there.
I've only been here once but I must say it was a delicious experience! Although I felt they put wayyy tooo much mustard on my pastrami sandwich, my little sister loved their bbq philly, and the garlic fries were divine!

I'll definitely be going back to try something new on the menu...we'll see if my review changes ;)
This was our first visit to Geno's Cheesesteak & Deli after seeing people talk about it on Twitter.  We LOVED the sandwiches we had.  I 'only' gave 4 stars due to it being our first visit and we all had variations of the same sandwich 'Geno's Famous Philly.  In my opinion, Geno's Famous Philly is a 5 star sandwich.  My daughter and I shared a whole sandwich, made just like it is on the menu (grilled onions & Geno's cheese sauce), my hubby had the same sandwich adding green peppers and my daughters boyfriend had the same sandwich adding mushrooms.  The meat was tender and so tasty, the grilled onions were perfect and the sauce was delicious.  The rolls were like 'sub' rolls we are use to having grown up in Massachusetts!  

We will definitely be going back and I'd love to say we'll try other things but it's really hard to find a great cheesesteak here in AZ so we might just stick with what we know!  They also have burgers, hot dogs, gyros, wings, salads and deli sandwiches on the menu.

Oh we also had 2 orders of regular fries and 1 order of garlic fries!  All were great and if you like garlic I recommend the garlic fries for sure!


The staff was very friendly, the place was busy but the line to order moved very quickly and the food was also served quickly.

And yes, this is my first review!
We saw this place as we were leaving the froyo place across the street and came back later that week to check it out. It's on the North side of Williams Field Rd, west of ValVista (in the strip next to Blue 32 Sports Grill). We walked in and went straight up to the counter to order; the employee was nice & helpful taking our orders and payment quickly. We then waited by one of the tables as we ordered to go. One of the managers/owners (I assume) came over to us and started talking when he saw Chuck take a picture of their wall mural. After Chuck said he was taking the picture to put on Yelp, the guy was like "are you guys going to write a review?" and asked us what we ordered and gave us their "sub sauce" to try - very nice guy. 

After we got home, I dug into my original cheesesteak and it was delicious. The meat had great flavor and had the perfect amount of cheese on it (maybe a few too many onions for my taste, but no biggie). Their fries were amazing - I have no idea why they were so good, but they had the perfect texture/consistency that I wish I had room for more in my belly. 

Excited to go back and try something else off their menu.
Waited until we tried this place 4x before leaving this review.

1st time: Excellent. Bread a bit dry but other than that, excellent Cheeseteak and Fries.

2nd time: Horrible. Very dry Bread. Worst Rueben we have ever had.

3rd time: Corn beef sandwich was like eating cardboard, Cheesesteak was good but the bread was dry

4th time: Horrible. Tried their Parmesean and Garlic wings, had no taste at all. Tasted like just Chicken wings fried and served. Not even any salt. PASS! Cheesesteak was dry and the meat was overcooked. Tried the Rueben again. 2 tiny slices of Pastrami between 2 dry pieces of bread.

This place has SERIOUS consistency issues. Which is not surprising because they also have a pizza joint by the same name which has great thin NY style slices if you go during the day but if you order a Large pizza it is god awful and doughy.
I went to med school in Philadelphia and far and away the ONLY good thing about that city was cheesesteaks. Most places , even the "authentic" ones are poor imitations. Geno's is authentic, delicious, stupendous. So if you want to totally blow your diet-at least it will be worth it
As a person watching what I eat, I thought a place like Geno's was the last place I'd eat in. Boy, was I ever wrong! Their selection was very good as far as what I can and cannot eat. Regardless of where you go, you have to be smart with your choices! 

He owner and staff were very friendly. The service was great. And the food was awesome! Have been back twice in one week... May have to extend that streak. 

Definitely a place to try but be careful, you may get hooked!
Meh pretty much sums it up. 

I got their regular cheese steak w/ provolone, add bacon. The bread wasn't too bad but I found the meat to be dry and tasteless. 

Fries were ... just fries. 

Def not worth $8, won't be going back anytime soon.
Great Sandwiches!! I first tried Geno's when they opened their smaller store on Higley and Germann. My husband and I feel in love with their cheese steaks. They are seriously the best I've had since I moved west from NY 15 years ago! That location also has inexpensive pizza, which is pretty good, for a $5 pizza. A few months later they expanded to this location and only serve their yummy cheese steaks here. That was kind of odd, but its ok because it is worth the extra drive, and they still kept my house in their delivery range. I have since tried some of their other sandwiches, and they are also delicious. 

The service at the small location was a little off. The cashiers were never very nice or helpful on the phone, and not great in person either. You could hear them getting yelled at in the background sometimes as well. But, at this location, that issue has definitely been corrected. The staff there is super friendly, and more than willing to help you make a selection.
Cheese steaks are pretty good,  but omg the sweet and tangy wings I need them in my mouth!
I have seen this place a few times and wanted to give it a try.  I am glad I did.  First I have had a "few" Cheesesteaks in my day while I lived in Philly for 8 years. I also ate at the places namesake, Genos in South Philly.  No not as good, sorry Gilbert Genos, but without the Philly bread you had no shot.  On the good side, the bread was decent and their Genos steak was made CORRECTLY with cheese whiz. If you have never had a real Philly then do yourself the favor and get it wit whiz, wit back there means onions and whiz well, I am sure you know what that is.  

The manager there was very friendly and attentive and when he found out I had lived in Philly he was very interested in my opinions.  I did give him the suggestion for gravy fries a staple at diners all over that area. 

The place was clean, the food was delivered quickly and happily the place was busy for a Thursday lunch.

I will defiantly be back....oh and other Philly fanatics, yes they have Tastykakes for sale.
I'm not even going to pretend to be a cheese steak connoisseur; I've probably had 3 in my whole life.  So no, I don't know what they're supposed to taste like but I had one here and the meat tasted like it had been chewed up already, it was a horrible texture, almost like ground beef.   

Let me back up... when I went inside to order the food the three high school girls working the counter were in deep conversation and I had to wait until they were done to order.  I ordered the two sandwiches, fries to split and a soda.  When I got home there were no freaking fries!
  
Hopefully the other things on the menu are better because I hate seeing small businesses fail.  

My one star is for the diet coke.
I recently stumbled across this place, and I'm a BIG fan of cheesesteaks.  The sandwich had great flavor, but the portion size seemed small.  The bun they use is almost hot-dog-bun-size, so the full size cheesesteak almost looks like a footlong hotdog.  The meat is proportionate to the bun size, and as I said already, it was tasty.

Overall, it's more like 3.5 stars, but Forefathers is still the best cheesesteak I've had in the East Valley.
Stopped by today with husband.  We had the Geno's famous philly cheese steak, cheese fries, and wings.  Everything was very salty.  The cheese in the philly cheese steak and fries was very thin.  I wish there was more cheese.  The wings were the worst wings that I had ever had.  The sauce was thin, tasted like they mixed vinegar and tabasco sauce so it was spicy and sour.  Since it was thin it did not cling to the wings.  Although the outside of the wings were crispy, the meat was very chewy.  Fries were crispy but salty and with very thin cheese.  The service was fast and friendly, especially owner.  Place had nice decor and wass clean and comfortable.  Honestly, the only thing that tasted good there were the ranch that came with the wings and the soda.  I would not come back.
The Cheesesteaks are always delicious.  I just tried the Garlic Fires and they were great!   Leave your calories counter at home though...
Return visit for cholesterol bomb aka cheesesteak
Roll was sparse w meat. 2 cheessteaks, fries and drinks over $30
Getting ripped off makes me feel like I'm back in Philly
I like their cheesesteaks.  They were decent and tasted good.  The cheesesteaks were good enough for me to go back and try again.  I also enjoyed their Italian Sub.  It was authentic enough to the ones I remember growing up on in New Jersey.  One thing I won't order again are the garlic fries.  I don't know what it was that they put on it.  Was it like a garlic mayo?  Definitely not like Gordon Bierch's garlic fries.  They still reign supreme.
Great sandwiches. A little pricey, but it is well worth it. Service is normally pretty good, food is always exceptional, fast and efficient staff. I am a fan.
Great sandwiches, great staff, great prices. Why someone would go to a Subway or Quiznos in this area when there is an establishment this much better baffles my mind. The meats are phenomenal (Boars Head), the cheese is unbeatable, the bread is fresh, a few selections in teas (black sweetened, black, green sweetened, and raspberry), AWESOME brownies, and snack cakes only found back east. This place is great!
The flavor was good but for the price I would have expected a little more meat. I like more meat then bread but other then that it was good. I will try again!
What a Shock!

Had Philly Cheese Steaks coast to coast including Philly.  In 55 years of enjoying sandwiches;  This Gilbert Geno's has the distintion of being one of the worst sandwiches I have had.  I got a large on an OK bread with a small serving mix of goo that reminded me of Manwich out of a can.  Or Cincinnati Chili.   Either way, putting the Geno's name on it would make Joey Vento roll in his grave
Stopped in with great expectations...sorely disappointed.  Flavor of the sandwich was ok but certainly not anything to brag about.  The most disappointing thing was that it was so over priced for the product we received.  I really expected a fair amount of meat which we did not have on our sandwiches. Bread was on the verge of being stale.  Would also appreciate it if the staff would smile and speak loud enough to understand what they are saying.
Don't think I would go here again unless I used a groupon deal to save some money!  I love sandwiches and the one I had here was just so so. My boyfriend brought me here because he knows how much I love garlic fries.  I wouldn't get them here again, they weren't that great.

Growing up in the bay area, ca I know what garlic fries should taste like.  I would recommend getting them at Diamondback stadium or Yardhouse!  If that is what you are looking for ;)!
Great Cheesesteaks and a friendly atmophere with TV's to watch while eating..  A bit pricy but overall its a good place to eat!
I enjoyed the burger I ordered, but the cheese fries were completely inedible. I mean this literally, we ordered for delivery and by the time i got them they were practically a fried potato cheese soup. I didn't eat them at all. However, the burger was delicious and I would certainly order another one in the future.
Went there for the first time today. They use all Boars Head deli meat so they had me at hello. Also, the philly's are made of top sirloin. My hubby had the classic with whiz and I had the philly with provo. Both were very good and my hubby was worried because sometimes the whiz can make a philly too salty. Not here though. Bread was super soft. We also tried the fried pickles which were excellent. They were battered in a spicy jalapeno batter. We liked the mac salad too. It had chunks of cheddar cheese and wasn't too sweet or rich like many mac salads. Finally, to sweeten the deal, they sell Philly's original Tasty Kakes by the pack or by the box. LOVE LOVE LOVE Tasty Kakes. Overall, big thumbs up and we are looking forward to trying this place again.
We went to Geno's for dinner tonight & loved it! I had the 1/2 Chicken w/ grilled onions & it was delicious! My husband had the 1/2 steak & said it was delicious too!  The 1/2 size was more than enough & had a lot of meat! We've been looking for a place like this & we're so glad we found it! Clean, great service, & tasty sandwiches! We'll definitely be going back!
Taste good but a bit pricey and stingy on the meat.
I ordered a hot dog, loaded fries and a salad for delivery. when i questioned my total (which was very high considering the food I had ordered) the idiot that took my order failed to mention that there's a $3 "delivery" fee. My food took over an hour to arrive. When I handed the delivery man a twenty he did not even pretend that he was going to give me change. Had I been notified of the "delivery" fee, I would not have tipped him. Oh, I ordered a 20oz soda, which had leaked all of the cup.

The hot dog and fries were COLD when they arrived. not even warm. The hot dog looked as disgusting as it tasted. I could not finish it. The fries were disgusting and had 2 different kinds of "cheese" on them. I could not finish them either. 

The only redeeming quality of the meal was the rance dressing, which was good. Very over priced for what you get. 

I will NEVER eat here again, and would not recommend wasting money on the crap they tried to pass off of as food. 

If you're looking for a good hot dog and fries go to Luke's of Chicago, where they actually know how to prepare a quality meal.
went to Geno's for the first time at I have to say it will be my last.   We ordered the provolone cheese steak sandwich, gyro and fries. The meal cost around $20 so its pretty expensive for casual dining. The "cheese " steak was the absolute worst I've ever had. The cheese was non exsistant barely even there, the roll was soggy and cheap quality and the meat if it was meat was closer to canned dog food then steak. The gyro is also horrible. The meat was thin and tasteless, the pita was store bought and generic. The fries are junk too. I have no idea how this place stays in business but. What I do know is its not getting anymore of mine. If you have taste buds then geno's is not the place to go to. 1 star is too high a rating.
Serious.
Awesome.
A must try
Love the provolone philly but sometimes I get adventurous and try different sandwiches, doesn't matter, never disappointed. Oooh and Tastycakes!! Nuff Said!
The menu is pricey for steak sandwiches I know it Gilbert but come on. They should look at running specials to keep the prices down. The quality and portions are not as high as would like think for the price you paying.

They are better place in the valley as better prices for the same product.
We had a late lunch here, food was very good, but a little pricey.

Place was VERY clean and employees were friendly and actively cleaning tables and floor - GOOD!

Wings were smaller than the ones you normally get at places like buffalo Wild wings, but sauces were awesome! w had Garlic hot and Tangy Spicey.

Also had :
half Philly,
Bacon Ranch Fries
Turkey Sandwich, 
Fried Pickles 
and all were good.
$31 for a BIG lunch for 2.
We'll be back
R
Cheesesteak is amazing.....however I think they are using prices from NYC! $10 for a sub is crazy in Gilbert, AZ. - 5 Stars if they had AZ appropriate pricing.
Eh...

I've eaten here a number of times due to my misfortune of being stuck near the location or because visiting friends want to give it a try. That being said - I think I have had a few items in every category in hopes of not being disappointed. It never works out.

The sandwiches use run-of-the-mill restaurant supply bread allowing it to be stale (if you go later in the week) or even completely out of the more unique variety  - such as wheat. For the average price of about $10 I expect fresh bread. Even subway makes it fresh and they change almost 50% less. 

Burgers are the best item on the menu (taste wise), boneless wings are very small, everything is over priced but they do have some GREAT tasting sauces!

To give the sandwich shop some credit the staff has always been great, the location is very clean and . . . well they make the food for me when I ask them to?

If you're looking for a place for a great sandwich look no further than Harvey American Public House in the same shopping center.
Great gyro and fries! My buddy came along and got the hot dog and apparently it was amazing. Nice little atmosphere with TVs, Feel like it's a great place for a quick bite that's not too expensive.
Really good provolone Philly and I love the fries. What I really appreciate is that it's very clean and the employees are nice. The food is served pretty quick.
It's really hard for me to find a philly cheesesteak that I like, much less love. But Geno's got me hooked. With their fresh, piping hot, cheesy extra onion n' pepper cheesesteak, it was nothing less than spectacular. It melted in my hands and mouth.

I usually imagine a soggy, tasteless, sandwich like Charlie's, but this place is quite the opposite. The bread was crisp and crunchy, meat was plentiful, and veggies were flavorful. Good presentation, should have taken a picture but I wolfed that mother down. Staff was friendly, and place was clean and stocked. Kinda strange I was the only person there at the time, but it was like 3 in the afternoon. Job well done.
Food was awful, too expensive and service was terrible they didn't even accept Yelp coupon. Come on u can't honor the coupon and call yelp and fix it later, was 20% worth losing a customer??? They're lucky I'm giving them a star! Never going back there again!
We stopped her for a change. I don't want to get into the Pat's vs. Geno's from Philly.  I was just excited at the possibility of a good cheesesteak sandwich.

I ordered the Geno's Special?  Cheesesteak with Cheese Wiz.  It was very disappointing.  $8.99.  Sandwich only.  No chips, no drink.  Fries are another $3.00. 

The sandwich was small.  Not filled very much with meat. I ended up with an inch of bun (at least) without any meat. The buns are soft and do not hold up very well to the juice and mess. Not that there was much in filling to really make much of a difference. 

The only positive was that it did taste good!

But I will not go back.  $13.00 for a sandwich and drink is not worth it.  I would pay this if it were a good sandwich. I would probably pay more..  

Also, my friend had Cheesesteak with Provolone.  Very much the same.
It's interesting how different their food is depending on where/when you eat it.

I usually get the Italian sub, and while it's great if you eat at the restaurant, it's a very wet sandwich and doesn't travel well.  It's not great if you get it to go and let it sit more than 10 minutes before eating it.  It's soggy and downright bad if you get it delivered.

The buffalo wings are pretty good with a nice kick of heat.  The french fries are crunchy and salty - pretty darn tasty.

As other reviewers have mentioned, the prices are a bit higher than other sub places, but if you get a coupon in the mail or from a previous order, you can save a few bucks.
I went to Genos for the 1st time because I wanted a cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak cost $9.49, which is a bit high for this sandwich.  The cheesesteak was very good, but not filling, especially for $9.49.  For that price, it should come with fries.  The are other cheesesteaks places that give you more meat for the same or less price, like Forefathers, Capriottis, or Corleone's.

If you want a good cheesesteak, this place is good.  If you want a better cheesesteak with sides or more meat, go somewhere else.
We tried this place twice and hated it! The prices are ridiculous and there was no meat in the sandwich. I hated the cheese and the meat was fatty. I have been to Philly  and an original cheesesteak and this is not even close. I thought Capriottis was great compared to this place but it went a little down hill they use less meat and it's dry. If you want a great Philly go to Mikes burgers and cheesesteaks
I've been to this place a couple of times.. stopped by again today after probably 2 years.  While the sandwiches are good, its taken 15 minutes to make them on each occasion.. plus the sandwiches alone are over $10.. and the sandwiches really aren't very big - this price also does not include a drink or anything else.  While it tastes good, it really isn't a very good value.  If you can wait a while and pay more than most other places, this place is for you.  Despite the great tasting sandwich, I probably won't go back.. I'm really mixed on this place.
Really yummy grilled chicken cheesesteak! Freshly made and friendly service. I like the lunch special with fries and drink for under 6.00!
Tried this again on a spur of the moment and I was quickly reminded, within the first bite, of the Philly Cheesesteak, exactly why I stopped going here for this sandwich! Just not good! Tastes like beef soaked in salt/brine! A bit costly for a garden salad, small beverage and 1/2 sandwich (5 inches). Was over 12bucks!  Sorry but I will pass this spot in the future.
If you're looking for a good sandwich, it's tough to beat Geno's. Not a lot of decent places around Gilbert other than TGIF, Applebees, etc...so Geno's stands out. The classic and the provolone are done just right. If you're going to go with take out, get it home fast. As with most cheessteaks, it doesn't take long to get a soggy sandwich. Wings are solid as well.
I just ordered 2 cheese steak combos, what a disappointment. Definitely not authentic, if you are wondering I am from Philadelphia.  Over priced and the sandwich is very small, $26.60 for the two combos. Check out my photos for a better reference.   The website photo makes the sandwich  look much bigger.  I will not be returning.
Only ordered from this place because it was convenient. Last 2 times was very disappointing. Probably will not go again.  Too many kids running the place with no visible manager to give them direction.  They forget about orders, don't care how they come out and really are going to take a good investment and ruin it for the manager/owner.  Try another place if you can help it.
I have been here a few times, but each time there is less and less meat and the price stays around $10. The people working are generally rude. I gave it two stars only because they could actually make a decent sandwich if they used a little more meat. The quality is actually pretty good (boars head) and tasty. I grew up in NJ, so I've been to Philly and had the real deal. If you're in East Gilbert and need a quick fix, be prepared to pay the price, otherwise, head out to Forefathers, Philly's Famous or Corleone's for a heartier sandwich for the same price.
If there was an option to rate it with no stars I would since this place is nothing to rave about! The lady that was placing our order with the glasses and short black hair was completely rude and didn't look like she liked her job! Once my dad and I received our food, my dad's salad was wrong so he brought it back up to the counter and once he got back to the table I could over hear that rude lady say something about oh he could've just picked off the olives! The burger I had was cold and not that tasty! I could've got a better burger at Burger King right next door!!! Due to the rude customer service and the crappy food quality my dad and I will never be returning here again!
Just moved into the area and spotted cheese steak on their sign as we were driving by.  I got the famous cheese steak and my wife got the garlic chicken gyro with Greek fries.  

I have to say we were a little skeptical going into it as the variety of selection made us a little worried it wouldn't be that great.  Boy were we wrong!  

The famous cheese sauce and onions made this one off the better cheese steaks I've had outside of Philly.  I was too hap happy with my sandwich to try a bite off my wife's but she said it was very tasty.  And we were both surprised that the feta cheese and Greek dressing on fries went so well together.  My wife doesn't usually eat a lot of fries but this time the while container was empty!

Definite A+ for me and we will be going back for sure.
I started with 4 stars because the food was good but not special. I got the famous cheesesteak combo. The bread was fresh & tasty with a fair amount of meat. The fries were not too old.  I also got a slice of cheese pizza that was pretty good too. The crust was baked fresh. 

I took off another star because of the iced tea. If you are a soda drinker, you are good to go here with coca-cola products; however if you enjoy iced tea, they have the nasty Gold Peak fake syrup tea. May as we'll have instant tea.   

If I should ever return, I will bring my own beverage.
I order their chicken wings most of the time and it taste amazing. This time I tried ordering a ham and cheese sub, but when I got it, there was wasabi smeared all on the sub. I could not even eat it. The weird thing is that I didn't ask for any other sauces when I ordered. I'll just stick with the wings.
Great food. Ordered the cheesesteak and garlic fries: good size, hot, and full of flavor. Staff wasn't the friendliest, but it was late on a Sunday evening so we understood and let it slide. Will definitely be back!!!
It's no secret that I'm a fan of Cheesesteaks and Pizza. In spite of the fact this place seems like it is some big national chain, it's actually a small local thing with only a handful of locations and a few different owners. It's definitely worth a look. 

I had lunch here today, and it's now 5pm and I'm still feeling good about it. I ate a cheeseteak this time - a full - it's a lot of food. The sandwich was stuffed with a copious amount of flavorful strip steak and traditional cheese whiz. The bread was a fresh and chewy roll that was almost like a bagel texture and flavor. It was sturdy enough that it didn't get soggy or fall apart as I took my time devouring the thing. 

Most cheesesteaks in the Valley are at least pretty similar if the restaurants source their food from the same distributor (which most do) - and even though it's a fairly simple sandwhich, it's easy to mess up or get wrong. I'm happy to report that the cheesesteak here is reliably delicious, and apart from some of the local places that do cheesesteaks vastly different from the norm (for better or worse), this one is among the top choices. 

Next time, I'm definitely going to have to try their pizzas. 

The owner here is really nice, and we chatted for a bit about this and that... if I find myself in this part of town again, I'll definitely come back. They apparently have a pretty huge delivery area too if you live nearby. I mean, you can get burgers, hot dogs, subs, wings, pizza, salads, and cheesesteaks delivered? If you suck at cooking, you can have something different delivered every night of the week. What more could you ask for?
I've now been here 4 times and I swear it gets better every time. Today I enjoyed the Geno's Famous Philly (keep in mind I have never been a big fan of Philly cheesesteaks) and it was one of the best meals I have had in a while. Add in the fact that there is a 20% check in offer and I will soon be the Duke of this place!
LOVE Geno's! They use to be good, but just stopped by there the other day and they must have improved something because it was better then good. Haven't tried their pizzas yet, but that's next on the list.
When i lived in Chandler this was one of the places that delivered to the house. I like that they had a delivery option, though as with most food....dining in is almost always better. 

Geno's makes a mean Chicken Cheddar Ranch sub and a rockin Provolone Philly. The Cranberry Pecan salad is tasty also if you are looking for something a little lighter (or bread-less.) In addition to the subs the fries are pretty delicious, i enjoy the Bacon Ranch Fries (do not try to get these delivered as they don't travel very well, they get a little soggy.)

The customer service is decent, the delivery times are a little long on the weekends (like most places.)
First off, I am not from Pilly so if you are judging this place based on how great the subs are compared to Pat's or Gino's in Philly, I can't help you with that question.  

However, this place is clean, staff are friendly, service is good, food is very good.  Definitely a great choice for lunch with their 6.49 for a cheesesteak of your choice, fries or chips and a drink.
And don't restrict yourself to just regular cheesesteak with the yellow cheese, those are good, the ones here are very juicy and cheesy :)  But check out their other cheesesteaks, they have one with peppers which they pair with some semi-spicy peppers and white cheese.  Its a great combo as the white cheese does not overwhelm the taste of the peppers.  I have been here twice and had the regular and the pepper and both are very yummy.

Also, you will be surprised that they sell pretty decent pizza here.  Its not the dominos-full of tomato sauce below their cheese pizza, but actual decent ingredients you can see and taste and comment on their freshness.  We had a lady give us some pepperoni and sausage pizza slices to us the first time we went, not cause its no good, but because they were expecting a smaller pizza; and the large she ordered was too big for her and her son.  They too have a nice pizza deal, 5 dollars for a large pizza and every topping after it is just 1 dollar.  You really can't beat that.  Anyway, the pizza the lady gave us was cold but it still tasted very good and fresh, and not overflowing with the canned tomato sauce you find in most delivery pizza.

Last but not least, they deliver, so if you live around this area, good for u, I came here for lunch but I live in the other direction so I guess I will have to check out their other branch in tempe.  But really, come here for the fast friendly service and really decent cheesesteak.  Oh and don't get that weird tasting cheesesteak from subway, come here and get some of this, your tummy will thank you :)
I've only ever had their pizza (which is fabulous) until today, when I got their provolone philly. It was really, really good. I got a half sandwich, and I am glad I did because it was GIGANTIC. I got fries and a drink as well... the fries definitely leave something to be desired. Granted, I got my food delivered, and maybe that's why they were lukewarm and soggy... it's possible.... but I still didn't really eat them.
The prices are decent, as well, with my whole meal costing around $7... it was worth it.
The saving grace was the friendly staff and the absolutely mouth-watering philly. The sandwich was made to my specifications and was just absolutely yummy. I would recommend getting the provolone philly to just about anyone (except vegetarians and vegans).
Customer service was bad. They wouldnt honor a coupon, instead they would only offer a 2 dollar discount off the total bill. The owner was rude and mean toward his employees. I'm not sure if I would bring my business back to an employer that was disrespectful toward the people he employs. I have ordered here before and the food was good. However, this does not excuse the lack of customer service and disrespect of management toward their employees.
Took over 20 minutes to get a two sandwiches and french fries... Fries taste stale... There were only two pieces of meat in my Gyro.... Do not recommend
I only gave this deli 1 star because you couldn't choose 0 stars.
I have ordered from Geno's a few times in the past while my husband was camping.  I wanted to be lazy and decided delivery was the best option on a couple of those nights.  The staff was pleasant on the phone those few times which is why when my food was delivered cold and incorrectly I didn't complain.  I felt I was being lazy, so I got what I got.
However, I ordered tonight after a long day of soccer games and was excited that my husband was on board even though he had heard horrible reviews in the past.
My first clue should have been the lady on the phone saying "Okay your order will be there as soon as it's done," then click.  No waiting time or thank you or anything.
Over an hour later our food finally arrived - my husband was at the door with the delivery driver while I was checking to make sure our order was correct.  EVERYTHING was COLD!  COLD Mozzarella sticks, COLD Philly, COLD wings, COLD chili cheese fries, COLD everything!  
The delivery driver tried to walk off as we were advising that the food was COLD.... not very nice in my opinion.
We asked him to take it back and called the manager, who recited the companies guidelines.  We explained the guidelines might be so, however, this food tonight was not acceptable as it was ice cold.  There was nothing they were willing to do to make it up.  It wasn't even offered that they would redeliver hot food.
VERY disappointed with the lack of customer care and the complete lack of customer service.  Sad to say I will not be going back.  Ever.
I've tried Geno's THREE TIMES because they carry Boarshead meats.  But every time, I come away disappointed.  The quality is good, but the sandwich is expensive for a walk up ($8.99) and IT'S ALL BREAD.  Today my sandwich had two thin slices of ham and a single slice of cheese that was thicker than the two slices of ham combined.  As a result, the taste of the cheese was overpowering.  I was AGAIN disappointed.

Three times is a charm.  I get it.  I WON'T BE BACK.
Disappointed...my husband and I started going here when they first opened and it was really good. But now they added pizza to their menu and changed their bread they use for their subs...bummer.
UPDATE 6/24/14
I had a check in offer I decided to use tonight for dinner. I called in my order to pick up, and once I arrived everyone was cheery and welcoming, and the very helpful young lady that was working the other night helped me out again. Even more awesome, she remembered my daughter and I! Had the chicken pita and garlic fries, and they were delicious! Had to add the 5th star! Great experience tonight


Original Review
My daughter and I had dinner here a few days ago. It was our first visit, and we really enjoyed the food. We shared a gyro pita, Greek fries, and boneless bbq wings. We ate in, the food was made quickly....the only reason it's 4 stars and not 5, is when the kitchen staff rang the bell for the front of the house staff to pick up the food(there was a ton of food ready in the window btw), the one who was NOT busy did not immediately check to see what was ready to go bring it out.... Pretty much waited around a few minutes not doing anything. There were at least 3 other families in the dining room waiting for their food, plus I know they had some call in / to go orders also waiting. So, kudos to the kitchen, and the young lady who helped us out and took our order, perhaps the other employee was just having an off day. Or maybe she's the reason for the other reviews on here saying their to go/ delivery order took forever? Either way I'll be returning(for now), because the food is delicious!
Do not waste your time and money!!!!  Sandwich was all bread and the meat was very dry!!!  My buddy ordered a gyro....huge mistake!!!  Pita was very cold and fell apart.  It taste nothing like a gyro!!

This place sucks!!  What a waste of $20
HORRIBLE customer service. Gal at the cash register ruined customer for life.  
Completely messed up my order and when I let her know- she just stared at me.  When I complained again she said - I guess I can have them re make it. 
When it was brought back to me it was completely wrong again. No apologies- no customer service.  
Beyond rude and the food was cold.
The pizza is good long as the delivery driver makes sure it doesnt shift. And when you get it the cheese slid to one side. But that only happened once. The cheesesteaks and fries are delicious. And I recommend trying a italian soda. The Zeppolis arent on par with Villa Pizza but are still delicious. And their delivery times. They quote you a time and show up quicker which is awesome when youve been drinking and are hungry. Plus they remember you by phone number so you dont need to give your addy each and every time. AWESUMMM.
Never again.  We ordered the stromboli and appetizer combo platter.  The person on the phone was nice and answered all my questions. However, the surly delivery driver was the beginning of the end for me. I wasn't expecting much from the combo platter (fried foods typically don't travel well) but I wasn't expecting inedible. Gross. The stromboli was salty and greasy...it was 3 toppings but I could only detect 1. Very disappointed.
This is one of the best places on the East side, and possibly in Vegas.  Not only is everything fresh, but they deliver (www.eat24hours.com).  Not only pizza, but pasta, wings, and Italian dinners.  Great prices.
I had a terrible experience with Angelina's today and decided to try Napoli's... I ordered a veggie pizza and some mozzarella sticks... First of all was told it was probably going to be an hour delivery, the food was delivered within about 40-45 minutes. The delivery man was very nice and the food was very fresh and very tasty. Napoli's is so considerate, they included paper plates and plastic utensils for me. Will Order from here in the future. Best Pizza I've had since being in Vegas.
Best pizza in vegas by far. Closest thing to real NYC pizza! Pick-up special lg 1 topping for $8.00 can't beat it and the staff is great. Anytime I've gotten delivery it's been quick and the
I love Napoli Pizza and Restaurant. It is hard to find a good italian marinara in this town and trust me i know im sicilian and they have good sauce!!! Not only is their food amazing but i have never actually been to their restaurant only delivery they are always here in half an hour food hot and crunchy never soggy and been sitting for awhile!! If i could give them a 20 out of 10 that would be their rating!!! Amazing!!! I love you guys!!!-layna christensen
Best wings way better than wingstop and cheaper now to try the pizza the fries are ok for the price
Still my favorite place to order from in Vegas!!!
Are food was very good the only problem we had was that they got part of my wife's order wrong but then they quickly fixed it
Just made my second order. Its the only place in Las Vegas that can understand me when I speak!! Food is great, very friendly staff, they always find my address and deliver food on time! Guy on the phone had a great sense of humor too!!
If you are like me and have had terrible service at Angelina's Pizzeria go to NAPOLI PIZZA!!!!!
I've always admired Napoli's pizza from afar, but wasn't able to eat it because of the usual meaty toppings. But not today...not today!

I ordered the Calzone online and it was hot and ready when I showed up. $9 might seem like a bit much for a quick lunch, but holy schnikes was it worth it.

Gooey mozzarella and ricotta cheese wrapped perfectly in a snuggie of dough, garlic, butter, and Parmesan. This place is a must try for pizza lovers.
My favorite wings by far. I order the garlic Parmesan and xxxxxx hot wings. Both boneless. My favorite! They even text you when your order is on their way! How considerate
Napoli offers delicious pizzas with the crust burnt just right.  We have decided to add Napoli to our pizza joints circulation.  Tonight's special was a large pepperoni pizza and twenty buffalo wild wings.  We also added a dinner salad, for a total of $30.  Needless to say, the pizza and wings were delicious.  And don't think that Napoli doesn't know how to make a good salad.  The bed of lettuce was covered with red onions, peperoncini, black olives and tomatoes.  Yummy!

Come give Napoli a try and free yourselves from name-brand pizza joints!
Really great food. Just didn't like that they where 8 minutes late delivering my food.
Well this is the last time ordering from this place, one of the workers  who's name was "Cary" very rudely over the phone said it would take over 2 hours to diliver our pizza after running our creddit card, I asked for a refund, the girl hung up on me, I called back and was guaranteed a pizza within the next couple of hours. Nearly 3 hours went by and there was no pizza dilivered. I called back they said they decided not to put in any order. I asked for a refund again and was told I won't get one until 2 weeks have passed. I won't recommend  ordering from here to anyone they have the worst customer survice  ever to be provided to the public. They just lost a customer
Napoli Pizza location...(765 North Nellis Blvd. North Las Vegas, NV)...is the nastiest place to order food from. The food is under cooked and raw. When you speak to them about your order they tell you that the food was just fine and that your complaint will fall deaf ears and they will not do anything about. The manager...(Holl)...I think that is what they called him will tell you that he spoke to the owner and they will not do anything about it you either like or your out of luck.... this place is -10 stars. I wouldn't feed there food to animals. Notify the HEALTH DEPARTMENT FOR RAW FOOD WHEN ORDERED WELL DONE AND BBB ABOUT BUSINESS PRACTICES.
We always order pizzia from work here.  
The 30 inches. But for home. Make sure you tell them easy on the cheese!! Orther wise your good.
+ Ordered delivery, said it'll take an hour and 10 mins, our food arrived within an hour. 

+ Garlic balls are cheap and tasty. 

- Pepperoni pizza was too oily. 

- Lasagna was salty and had no lasagna noodles. 

- Would not recommend this place to friends.
I will never ever order from this place again. Two freaking hours late with my food and they didn't even give me a discount for being late.
This place is great! Was waiting for it to open and randomly drove by today on the 1st day. Great authentic cheesesteaks, the meat was excellent and they also had about 10 different hot sauces besides their Geno's sauce.. but I still put the Geno's sauce on every bite it was that good.  

Great ambiance in the place, and the furnishings were really nice compared to any other cheesesteak place or deli nearby. Each wall had flat screen tv's, and they even had $1.50 pints of beer!! The service was great, and even though it was pay when you order the girls still came by and asked how everything was multiple times. I'll definitely be going here on a weekly basis- and there's 3 cheesesteak places closer and I'll still make the drive everytime from now on.. 

Oh and its even open until 4am.. which means that despite what town I may be in or how much I drank there will be time to stay until last call and still have time for the taxi to make the pitstop before I get home!
Dinner with the nephew tonight and this was his choice.  His second time, my first.  

Now I feel that I must preface this review by saying that in NO way am I a philly cheesesteak expert... I only claim to know what I like... and even then sometimes I change my mind!

Geno's is pretty good... definitely still have some kinks to work out as far as staff and service issues... but food was decent.  For a newly open shop what else would you expect, right?  Seemed like a lot of staff working and not a whole lot of business.   Didn't make sense that the tables hadn't been bussed when there were several people just standing around... 

I had half of a pepper philly with chicken  (Mild peppers, spicy cherry peppers, sweet peppers, mayo and white American cheese )  [Half 4.99 Whole 8.99]
It was OK... although side note...I have never had a philly where the cheese was cooked in with the chicken... usually it's on top... Wouldn't say it was bad... just different and not what I expected.

My nephew had the Saurkrout Dog - (minus the onions)
 Grilled onions, grilled sauerkrout and spicy mustard [3.99]
He really enjoyed it... especially the sauerkrout

And we shared an order of Greek Fries - 
 Feta cheese, greek dressing and shredded parmesean [3.99]

Dee-lish-ous!  (would go back again just for this yumminess!)

Lots of hot sauce choices and a great "sub sauce."  Best described as a watered down hot sauce with a tad more vinegar... Wonderful addition on the philly and the fries! 

We also ordered the Garlic Chicken Pita to go for my sister (who btw stalks my yelp reviews!! Hi D! :)
 Chicken, garlic sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles. [5.99]

Must have been pretty good because it was gone shortly after she got home! lol!

Decent food, good price.  Overall, definitely good addition to the ASU area!
At work we decided to try Genos. Staff on the phone was very friendly and  attentive when taking my order. When I arrived at Genos my order was ready, staff was friedly and restaurant was clean and inviting. I ordered Geno's Famous Philly w/Jalapenos a whole size. Flavor was great I recomend adding Jalapenos. Everyone ordered a whole sandwhich and we all were agreement a whole was the way to go, half just wouldn't cut. Everyone at work enjoyed sandwhichs and said we would order again. Only draw back its a bit pricey $9 for a whole and they charge for addiotioanl toppings, our suggestion is not to charge for additional toppings.
Ordered a 9$ cheesesteak for lunch. It took them over an hour to deliver it (only a few blocks away)

I was also very disappointed with the quality of sandwich I got for 9$ it was mostly bread. The meat wasn't spread through the whole sandwich so I was left with cheesy bread ends. 

Over priced and slow. No go.
I was hungry but too lazy to go anywhere to get food. My boyfriend mentioned that someone dropped of a menu from Geno's and they deliver till 4 am. The menu listed a variety of cheesesteaks, sandwiches, hot dogs, gyros, salads, wings, burgers, and loaded fries. I decided on a mushroom cheesesteak and Greek fries. When the delivery guy arrived with my food he told me he didn't have change for a $20. Your job is to deliver food and you don't have change? If you are a delivery guy and you know that someone is paying cash you should come prepared. Other than that the food was really good and I will definitely order from Geno's again.
Great cheesesteak. They have such a variety it would be hard not to please a cheesesteak fan. I didn't get it delivered yet. I actually might do that right now. Highly recommend going here although the prices are a little on the higher end.
Has beer on tap and in bottles. Tap includes Shock Top.
It's midnight and a half and I've got the munchies after spending an evening at the poolside drinking ciders and chatting with a great friend. I take the dog out for her nighttime walk and to grab the mail, and once I get home I go through the stack of weekly flyers that jam my mailbox when I come across a familiar name: Geno's. 

   Now this name means something to me. Geno's is my favourite cheesesteak, experienced a number of times during trips out to Philadelphia and perpetually missed. I feel some misgivings about seeing a new place that has blatantly stolen the name of a landmark, but decide to give them a shot having been wooed by their big bold claims of being open super-late.

   I had passed by the location earlier in the day so finding Geno's was easy peasy, and at 1am there was no line so my order was in quick as a whistle. I mill about, impressed at a massive array of hot sauces on the counter but otherwise bored by the blatant ZOMGPHILADELPHIA decor.  In a very reasonable time the cute girl behind the counter hands me a foil tube which felt a bit light, but still held promise of tasty times.

   Rather than eating in, I bring the 'steak home to give the meat juices and "cheese sauce" (apparently not cheese whiz) proper time to soak into the roll. Unrolling it, I notice that the paper wrapper inside the foil is remarkably clean,  and my heart sinks a bit at the suggestion of a lack of the aforementioned meat juice and 'whiz. I finish unwrapping the 'steak and find a roll unlike the soft, spongy bread that I'm used to, rather one that is a little dry and crusty on the edges and dusted with corn meal. 

   I ordered a whole because I'm not a little girl, so I tear the 'steak in half and notice how little meat is in the sandwich, so little that there's an entire inch and a half at one end of the sandwich that has no filling at all. Not good, but I'm in this for the long haul. I take my first bite into a center bit, and while the flavor is okay, it is markedly dry and not nearly gooey with 'whiz enough. I soldier on and notice a great inconsistency in the onions, some cut into thin strips and others still in big chunks. The rest of the sandwich was as dry as the first bite and the corn meal dusting on the bread distracts from what flavor was there. 

   In the end, I really don't feel like I got my nine bucks worth of cheesesteak so I'm going to file this place away as a late-night desperation call, but definitely never a first choice.
For $20 I feel I got ripped the fuck off. For a third of the price, I could have got two subs at jimmy johns. Whack. Dude took a $3 tip then spilled my soda. Oh. And dude also didn't bring me a fork, so I had to wash a fucking dish. Fuck that.
$9 freaking dollars for a philly cheesesteak that is about the size of an old dollar coin?  Save yourself the money and go to Chicago's Taylor Street just down the road on Rural and Curry.  A bit shorter but way thicker, all for 5 bucks!!  These people lost their minds charging what they do.
I went back after my initial review and gave the place a second chance.  Frequented there often because I found their wings to be awesomely hot.  After going there ALL the freaking time, I ordered wings (2 dozen) which were basically not hot what so ever.  I called and long story short, they gave me a 3 dollar discount.  Had I known that was what was given, I would have had them deliver another order and pick up what was left.  

What really irritates me is that when I call up and find this out, the girl basically just says that there's nothing SHE can do.  And then just leaves it at that.  Well how about getting someone on the phone who can?  What a concept!  I mean, I know it's just short of rocket science, but come on!  

Then, the manager comes on the phone.  I ask if she worked yesterday, and her reply is, "what day is it today?"  WTF?!  Seriously?  People are absolutely effing clueless!  So begins to tell me that she doesn't have the authority to do anything else.  SHE doesn't.  Well who the heck does?  Maybe..just maybe we should contact them?  

I find it extremely aggravating when you have to problem solve your own issues with a company because the employees are dumber than a box of rocks!  Do you have one brain cell that is functional?  This place sucks.
I used to love Geno's because the food is good and they deliver but the employees seriously suck at life. The first time I placed an order for delivery the delivery driver had no change and offered to take my money, go to the store, and bring me back my change. The guy looked untrustworthy so I declined his offer. We have had food delivered to our apt several times and today a girl told me they don't deliver to my area. I asked her why they delivered to my apt a week ago and she said if I order $30 worth of food they'll deliver it . I don't know if they don't train their employees well or if they just hire stupid people but I have a feeling its a mixture of both. I called Silver Mine and had no problems. I wouldn't recommed eating here unless you enjoy dealing with idiots.
Great food, good prices, iffy customer service.
I had high expectations going into this place due to the name, and the fact that they already have a successful location here in the valley, but was let down.

Went in to order my Philly, and was greeted by who might possibly be the least intelligent ASU coed in existence (Yes, I found her).  The experience went like this:

Me: : Hello, I want to get a regular Philly to go.  Could I get some extra onions on that please?  (Mind you, it already comes with onions and cheese)   I see you have potato salad.  Is it homemade?"

She: (Vapid stare into the void)

Me:  (After uncomfortable silence of seemingly years)  "Uuh...is your potato salad made here...like in-house?"

She:  "Well, uuh, it's better than the stuff you get at the grocery store."

Me:  "I, um...well, you see... OK, never mind  (giving up).  I'll try it.

She:  "That'll be 13.00 (and change)".

Me:  (Looking at the bill)  "Ummmm....you guys charge 50 cents (OK, 49) for extra onions?  Does that seem a little strange???"

She:  (Vapid stare returns)

Me: "Fine, whatever...but that's really cheap, you might want to tell the owner that 50 cents for some extra onions on a sandwich that already comes with them is a bit of overkill.

She:  *crickets chirping*

The sandwich was OK, probably three stars, and the potato salad was fine.  Likely it is from Shamrock or whoever their distributor is.  There seems to be no way to find out.  This is the first one star review I have written.  I hope the owner reads this and realizes how effing cheap it is to charge fifty cents to throw some extra onions on an effing sandwich. Cheese sauce is their own recipe it seems, not WIZ like someone already mentioned.  It is OK.

Also, train your staff.  You have been there for months now.  Have all cashiers spend a few hours in the kitchen to see wtf is going on with your product.

One more comment, before I end this rant.  13+ dollars for a sandwich and a small potato salad is bloody ridiculous.  This place is now officially on the boycott list.
Very clean, fast service, very nice employees and good subs!!
UPDATE: Their delivery charge went up to $3.50 (Not kidding!) That is just ridiculous. I won't be ordering from here very often anymore.



Geno's is one of my favorite places for late night delivery! They are pretty darn fast, pretty cheap when compared to price, and everyone is always really friendly (both the people on the phone and the delivery guy). 

The delivery minimum is 8.99 or something like that and the delivery fee is 1.75 I think.

So here is the food rundown!

Reuben Philly: Really tasty. Ask for light dressing if you don't want the thing smothered (and I don't). The chopped pastrami is kind of weird but still tasty.

Caesar Salad: Oh my god it is soo good! The dressing is amazing, tangy and salty exactly the way good Cesar dressing tastes like. I order from Geno's more often then any other delivery place because I always get a salad and this salad is amazing. Everything is always fresh and green, no old lettuce here!

Western Burger: The burger is really good. Totally filling. The patty is a bit dense which probably means that they smash it down on the grill, but other then that it's really tasty.

Greek Fries: Do not order these on delivery! The fries never make it here very good. They are always soggy. 

Anywho, I love this place and for late night delivery (they deliver till 4am!) it can not be beat.
This review is dedicated to Mat C.  We ate at Gino's together for lunch, and he demanded that I write this review and make it funny.  And the next day he told me I needed to make this revision.

So I gave Mat C. several options for lunch based on some coupons I had pulled from the Entertainment Book, and he selected Moreno's.  So we can all blame Mat C. for this review and our misadventure.  We drove to Moreno's. . .  wait this is a review about Gino's and guess what.  Moreno's died, and from its ashes sprung Gino's.  I had driven by Gino's many times, but hadn't noticed the lack of Moreno's.  Moreno's was rather nondescript, but Gino's lets it all hang out with signs and flashy colors.  It is hard to miss.  I was eager to eat there as I drive past it every day I go to work.  The first thing I noticed was that I couldn't check in because Gino's had neglected to add themselves to Yelp.  What a huge oversight.  Who just relies on signs and flashy colors?  So I added them, thanks Yelp.  Yep, that's a new feature, although my ampersand was converted into a dollar sign.  That wasn't my fault people.  The wait was short, but then we were the only ones in the place.  Mat C. got the original cheesesteak, and found the amount of meat lacking.  He's been spoiled by another restaurant that shall remain nameless.  The whole place had the feel of a corporate chain with specific amounts of meat scripted into each sandwich.  Mat C. recommends laying it on thick when a restaurant is getting established.  He ended up ditching the roll and just eating the meat because the roll was too plain as it had no distinctive taste and wasn't toasted.  Our other friend, who shall also remain nameless because this review isn't dedicated to him, ordered some kind of pastrami cheesesteak and said that there was too much vinegar.  Not sure why there would be any vinegar, but there you have it.  He didn't finish his.  I got the Reuben cheesesteak, which was good.  They coated both the inside of the roll and outside of the roll with the Thousand Island dressing, which worked well, dressing wise.  Otherwise, it was just meat, roll, and dressing.  Not to exciting, but tasted good nonetheless.  And we all agreed that the chili cheese fries were the best part.  I'd be willing to return, but both of my friends declared that it was a one timer, and my feelings aren't strong enough to pester them into a second chance.  Plus, the next day they told me that they felt sick afterwards.
Honestly, this place sucks my left nut. Cheesesteaks and gyros are trash...l the deli sandwichs are not bad, a little light on the meat but still decent.
I'm not a big cheesesteak person, but Genos changed me. My bf was begging to go. The first time I ordered a whole, which is $9 but a whole lot! I get halves now for $5(same as a Subway or Jimmy Johns sandwich, but with flavor). The greek fries are good, but get the dressing on the side. I have to agree, service is definitely lacking a "warm & fuzzy" feeling & the delivery fee is astronomical, but it's well worth it for a consistently good sandwich & being open til 4AM. I don't know if it's just the haters that are writing reviews or we've just been lucky getting all our orders right, but this place rocks hard for a yummy phillies. Oh yeah, as for the bread, I dig it. It's nothin crazy, but it's always fresh n compliments the rest well.
I ordered delivery after a long day on campus and it cost $13 for a gyro, fries and a soda. I normally don't mind paying the extra cash for a delicious meal but the fries were room temperature by the time I got them and the gyro was just okay. This meal was not worth the money. I will not be returning to this place.
Yesterday was my first visit.  I had gotten a flyer in the paper and I had passed the place. So knowing what they had I went in. 
The place was clean and bright. I liked that.
I ordered my cheesesteak with fries and the reguler drink size. No meal deal here $10 Buck! This make me not so happy, because I love this meal, but I don't go get a $10 sandwich meal each week.. The food was hot, fresh and tasty and came faster than I expected. This made me happy. The Sub roll was fresh, soft, warm and loaded with meat, mushrooms, onioned green bell pepper slices. My only disappointment was with the fries. The fries taste a little strange like they are coated with something during processing. They come out crisp and look fine. I had this experience at other locations. They should change fries. I plan to not order them ever again. Besides at $2 you get a handful small side of them. When I order fries in addition and pay extra I expect enough to share or make a meal of.  I'm just saying one feels they have been budozooled by the cost and portion you get for $2, We are a McDonald's super size nation and well if I was paying $2 for fries at Mc D's a hell of a lot of fries would be on the plate!  But since I don't like these fries and plan to skip them in the future unless they change fry suppliers the small portion was enough.

However the cheese steak was awesome but extra cheese  should be advised.

They offer beer here also but the service is somewhat just there and not actually suggesting or tempting to up sell you, so I saw this after the fact.  Oh well there's room for improvement but they make a great variety of Cheesesteaks and deli sandwiches to enjoy.
One night I was really craving a cheesesteak so I called and ordered Genos. They said it was going to take an hour and I considered going to pick it up because I live only five minutes from Genos. Well when it is actually delivered to my house, it had taken more like an hour and a half. The food was soggy and fries were cold. I was very disappointed.
This place seems to get a lot of hate, and I'm not sure why.  When I've been, I've had nothing but a good experience.  Admittedly I've never had a sandwich delivered, and that seems to be the source of a lot of complaints, but unless you live like across the street, NEVER order a cheesesteak for delivery.  Cheesesteak sandwiches are a race against the clock: they're inherently super greasy (that's the nature of the sandwich), and that grease wants to go somewhere, and that somewhere is going to be the bread.  Yeah, the bread should get a bit soggy in a good steak, but wait too long, and it's going to be disgusting.  A good cheesesteak should be eaten right away.

Anyway, on to my experience.  Geno's makes a surprisingly authentic cheesesteak sandwich.  The bread is excellent, the steak is perfect, and they've got the whiz.  I haven't gone to a lot of other cheesesteak joints here, but I've been to several in Salt Lake and several in Philly (my parents are from PA), and this place holds its own.  The portions are very generous.  I had a side of fries.  Nothing to write home about, but passable.

Is Geno's cheap?  Nah, not really, but cheesesteaks are never cheep.  If you want a five dollar foot long sub, there's Subway for that.  At $9 for a full steak sandwich, Geno's is priced about right for this kind of shop.  Yeah, it's not priced low enough to be an everyday lunch, but if you plan on eating a massive steak sandwich for lunch on a daily basis, you'd better rethink your life.

One thing I really liked was that they had some great Philly staples, namely Tastykakes and Birch Beer.  Nice touch that reminds me of home.

If you're in the mood for a good steak, head on in.  Based on the reviews you may want to avoid delivery, but that goes without saying if you're getting a cheesesteak.  Besides, there's plenty of room to sit and eat, and the dining room is bright and clean.

The only thing that bugs me a bit is the name: this is obviously a reference to the famous Geno's in Philly on 9th Street, though the two are obviously not related (which is a good thing since the Geno's in Philly is kinda racist).  For some reason taking the name seems wrong to me.  Besides, if you're going to steal a name from a place on 9th Street, steal Pat's!
Being the food snob that i am, i did not want to go here. in my head i thought, "oh great, another wanna be cheesesteak shop." But it was late, and for some reason i was in Tempe, so i tried it out with a couple of friends.. to be honest the sandwich i ate was not the best, but that was only because i got "pepper crazy" and ordered three different kinds of peppers for my hoagie. i swapped half of mine with my friends regular whiz steak, and i was instantly happy.  The bread was soft but a little refreshing in a way to not be harder as i expected. Service was good, and i was able to watch the rest of The Fast and The Furious that was playing,
DRUNK FOOD = GENOS 
BEST PLACE TO CURE that junk food craving and the best part is its open till 4 am 
so after last call you have GENOS! 
Its not downtown Philly, but it has its own flavor with a twist come on were in Arizona..
delivery dude "forgot" to bring change. how fucking convenient. Another $20 fucking dollars for a sandwich, drink and macaroni salad.
Best cheese steaks I have had in Arizona yet! The fried pickles are really really good too!
Don't eat here. The employees are incompetent. I clearly asked for no onions or mayo on my sandwich and got home to find that both were on there. Their job is not that difficult. I don't understand how someone can screw up something so simple. They are lucky I'm not allergic to onions or else things could have been way worse. I won't be eating here again.
I would give this place a zero star if I could. Just ordered a cheese steak and 2 hot dogs for delivery and asked for extra ketchup and mustard. When they came I didn't get any. I am at a hotel and I don't want to eat a hot dog plain so I call and when I ask for it she says well it wasn't on the slip that's why it wasn't delivered. So I said okay well I talked to u so what's the deal??? She then put me on hold and said well we can't deliver ketchup or mustard past 4pm. What!!!??? Are you nuts lady, even if that was so why didn't you tell me that when I ordered!!! Horrible customer service. Would never recommend this place again and have nothing but negative things to say about the customer service.
My wife and daughter like the cheesesteaks, so I wish I liked the sandwiches. Bottom line, the hoagie rolls are stale and gross here, so a cold turkey sandwich is destined for mediocrity. I guess on the positive side it keeps me from eating bread, but to me that's one of the key components of a sandwich done right. Genos doesn't get it right.
I have to say for a college area, this place wasn't so bad!

I had a 1/2 Provolone Philly Cheese-steak only because I don't like Cheese wiz! The bread stayed nice, didn't get soggy like other places. The onions and peppers weren't crunchy but they weren't over cooked either. I do wish they would have put mayo on mine, but it was my fault for not asking to! The size was perfect for me.

MWH had the same except that his was full sized. He agreed that we should have gotten a side of mayo. He also ordered Onion Rings, which looked very good, nice and crispy. He said they were good also.

I ordered Fried Pickles! Anyone who knows me knows that I will always try any ones Fried Pickles at least once! The pickles were spears, which I do not like, but what can you do? They were fried up well, the batter was a little spicy but I like them like that. I did feel they were a little over cooked for my liking. The ends were soggy - so I didn't eat the ends. We got 5 pickles for our order, which I thought were pretty good.

MDD got fries smothered in Cheese and Bacon! She said they were wonderful! 

Bottle of water and two drinks total came to $34.00 and change. A little high for my liking but not bad for lunch. We left full and content. 

(FYI - MWH stands for My Wonderful Husband and MDD stands for My Darling Daughter)

;)
Philly cheese steaks are my favorite sandwich, and as many of you know it's hard to find one that's perfect. 

However Geno's is very very good. I always get the hoagie Philly, bread gets a little soggy sometimes though. 

Their fried pickles at this location are really good but I wish they were the pickle chips instead of spears. The fried zucchini wasn't that great, the zucchini was actually mushy and I don't like that. 

Only other downfall is that it's usually a 10-15 minute wait for to go orders
So disapointing! Today was my first experience & last! Let me start by saying that the woman at the counter was polite and helpful while I was ordering. The restaurant had maybe 2-4 customers in it so not extremely busy at all. I got my order fairly quick and came home. Opened my sandwich up to find it was NOT what I ordered at all, not even close! I called and they suggested I could come back and they would remake my order...why should I have to go out of my way, as a paying customer, to fix someone else's error?! There were lots of excuses as to why the "mix-up" happened and very few solutions to my dinner problem. I suggested they remake my order and utilize their delivery service since I live in the area, they seemed hesitant but agreed. Its been 30min+ since I called, even if this sandwich is amazing, I will NEVER give my money to this company ever again.
I'd give them a 5 star but; their quality is a tad uneven. Where they're good; they're def 'on point' though. :)
When I noticed this place open up, I was quite curious; however, I never made it out to here until last night.  

They were very polite and quick, but the cheesesteak was average at best.

Of course, on my first time there I went for the sandwich with the wiz on it, as to measure it up to others in the cheesesteakosphere.

It was the kind of experience that started out decent, but by the time I was about 5 bites in, the lower quality ingredients began to speak.  By the end I was over it and, the last bite tasted exactly like a McDonalds cheeseburger.

The bread was run of the mill and too soft, but didn't get totally soggy.

Honestly the fixings on the sandwich were the only thing speaking to me.

The meat wasn't like thin sliced steak, it was more like some chimera of steak and ground beef.  

They have an OK tap there.

I see it as a reasonable option for late night/boozy acquisitions, but don't plan a meal on it.
Tonight I was super hungry (hadn't eaten since breakfast) and didn't feel like cooking tonight so I decided to go out.  I was trying to decide between Geno's or In n out.  Since it was closer I went with Geno's.  By the end of my meal I was kind of regretting my decision.

I ordered a famous philly wit whiz.  A lot of people outside of Philly hate it this way but I love it.  

The sandwich itself was pretty good.  Solid steak, the whiz was tasty, the grilled onions were excellent and the soft bread made it come together.  

However not somewhere I would eat regularly.  This sandwich was 9 dollars and it didn't even fill me up.  There could have been more meat in it as well.  The sandwich was good, but nowhere near worth 9 dollars.

If you have money to spend and want a solid cheesesteak and you're in the area, do it.  But if you're living on a budget, I wouldn't recommend this place.

On another note, I also had a tastykake and it was pretty good!

However I probably won't be back anytime soon.
Yes my cheesesteak eventually did arrive. The best way to describe it is it was....underwhelming to say the least. Like I said previously, never again.
Ordered two sweet pepper cheese steaks and cheese fries to two to split.

First, the lack of knowledge of the menu by the counter person was staggering.  Nice enough person, but basically she knew jack about the menu...which was kind of amazing since the menu isn't all that complex.

Next price to value.  Way out of whack.  I mean this place is across the street from ASU and lunch for two was $20+.  Really???!!?? For cheese steaks and fries?

Quality of food.  Fair.  Cheese steaks were ok, but I'm glad I ordered them with sweet peppers...would hate to see what the spicy ones are like.

Fries...serviceable.

Something was slightly off about the food.  I had really bad acid reflux and well...how do I put this politely...my friend had one exit no waiting.

Overall, not a place to return to.
Rude Representative on the phone!!! I can't believe that she hang up on me!!
One of the best Philly cheesesteak places in AZ that I can think of off the top of my head. My personal favorite is the pepper Philly, if you want that little bit of spice.
This is probably my favorite cheese steak in town, the meat is tender, the vegetables are crisp and they don't skimp on the cheese (provolone for this girl).  The roll holds up well with all the fillings, but isn't so hard you can't bite it.  I have had many Cheesesteaks, and some of them are so bland and don't taste like anything, but that is not the case here.

I know some have talked about the price, but I just had a half cheese steak with chips and a drink for less than $8 total, which is about the same at other sub places.  I was there late, at 2 pm so it was not busy and the service was quick today, but I have never had a problem with service before.

So get off your high horses and give it another try!
Not bad but not great.  I just visited Geno's for the first time looking for an authentic Philly experience, and this (i'm sorry to say) is NOT it.  The atmosphere was not bad with plenty of seating and the game was on multiple TV's.  The service was ok, nothing to write home about.  The BIG disappointment was the portion size of the cheese-steaks.  For $8.99 you would think it would be loaded with meat and toppings (like the picture's show) like Philly's actually are for the same price, but you will be SADLY mistaken.  Do not waste your $$$ here if you can help it, I do not have the answer on a local authentic Philly yet, but this is not it...The search continues.
I come here to get the garlic or cheese fries. The are usually pretty good but on occasion I have been less then happy. The Greek and Caesar salads are also good. They are open to 4am and also deliver the prices aren't to bad but the parking sucks. It's not supposed to be fine dining so take it for what it is. Decently priced decent food.
Geno's deserves 3.5 stars... 

I discovered this place when I had to go over to ASU to use their library. It was late (after 10:00 pm) and they were open. Started with the large steak with onions, mushrooms and mayo, hold the American cheese (I figured I'd had enough cholesterol for that day). I added my own salt and pepper. It was great! I've been back several times for a number of different sandwiches.

The cheesesteaks are excellent. If you want a REAL Philly cheesesteak, they have Cheez Whiz!! The cold cuts sandwiches are average. The quality of the cold cuts is excellent (they use Boar's Head meats). It's just that nothing about these sandwiches stands out. They also have chicken (if you don't eat beef). If you're a vegetarian (Indian word for "lousy hunter"), they have salads. I'm partial to the Greek Salad.

Service was good. The drinks are Coca-Cola products and they always have a nosh at the register. The last time, they got me with brownies (@ $2 EACH!!). The time before that it was Drake's yodels (again, $2 EACH). I'm starting to see a pattern here... (LOL!!)

The quality of the cheesesteaks should raise Geno's ranking to 3.5 stars. How about it, Yelp? Will you let me give them another 1/2 star?
We ordered delivery from here after 2am and they were quick, friendly, and cheap! The cheese steaks were tasty and they have a good delivery area, we live on the other side of Tempe. This will be my new go-to late night delivery place. Sorry Jimmy Johns, you've been replaced!
Wings were delicious at the moment but I ended up getting killer food poisoning and was horribly sick the day after.
For a deli in a college town I expected a whole lot more. 

I unexpectedly spent the weekend in the Phoenix area and hadn't really put much thought into dining options since I found out the Heart Attack Grill had closed. However around 11PM by the hotel poolside I saw a flyer for Geno's that had pictures and descriptions that were absolutely mouthwatering. I HAD to try it. I called in my order; two sandwich combos, classic cheesesteak for myself and a turkey on wheat with bacon for my mom) which included fries and a medium drink. 

When I got there the place was empty and as I soon found, calling in did little good since they completely screwed up the order, overcharged me and forgot to add the fries or drinks. I should've known something was up then and walked out. 


The fries were...crispy, though quite brown and nearly burnt in looks AND taste and the cheesesteak was dry, void of much cheese, they skimped on the meat and the veggies were complete flavorless. I tried a bite of my mom's sandwich and it was more of the same except her's was extremely soggy. The order came up to $19. A complete waste since neither one of us were full after the meal and due to how utterly disappointing the whole thing was. 


Bottom line: I've had better fare at Subway for half the price. Skip this place, head on over to Safeway and make your own sandwich.
The area is a mess of construction now and it's kinda tough to get into the parking lot, but Geno's is still good for basically being a college food place. I thought I had reviewed the cheesesteak I had months ago, but guess not. It was a pretty good version with cheese folded inside and a good, not great cut of meat. A few nights ago, we tried some other items, including a pretty basic half of a turkey hero on toasted sesame roll. They use boars head meat, so the sandwich is going to be good unless they use too much mayo, etc which wasn't the case. Fries were crisp and brown at $1.99 for a side order and her $6.99 burger was good quality meat, but she did not care for the bun because it was not your standard sesame, but that's just personal preference. The key here is to have coupons which are available all over Tempe in those coupon books - too bad I left mine at home because a burger meal would have been $5, but instead everything was ala carte. Still a worthy choice since its open 24 hours. Decent TV's too.
Went this afternoon with my husband baaad idea!  Both got the original cheesesteak my husband w/mozzarella sticks, I with chili fries.  His mozzarella sticks were still cold and my fries were hard.  Then we both have had stomach cramps and other issues the rest of the night.
Great food. Service sucks so bad its not worth ordering.. Just waited 2 hours for a delivery!!! Its always over an hour on delivery as well.. I hope your not to hungry
Horrendous customer service! The night manager used profanity when arguing with me about an order she COMPLETELY screwed up for a party of 4 and when asking for a refund she responded, "Have a great night" while hanging up on me! I'm sorry Geno's but you just lost a loyal client and I'll make sure others are aware of the kind of service you provide there!
Geno's has been on a steady decline since the day it opened. Employees on the phone were rude, and they messed up my order TWICE! On top of that, every time I had a delivery the sandwich was soggy and cold. Don't buy your cheesesteaks or food from here. It seems that quality and customer service is not a priority at this restaurant.
The worst reasturant experience I've ever had in Tempe. This was my first and will be my last time here. Let me get the food out of the way. It is a shame they use the word "philly" in front of cheese steaks here. I have had frozen cheesesteaks with more meat and taste. Also, i just got a mailed promo from them 2 days ago, which said $2 beers all day every day. They even have that price posted next to their register. When i ask for one the moody cashier says $2.75. When i bring up the sign right next to her she dismisses it and continues to ring me up.

Which brings me to the appalling customer service... Just Wow. The larger guy  who initially took my order was decent enough, though I can't help but notice some guy passed out in a booth. The cashier has to wake him up... it is the cook. Not a great start.  As i wait for my food  two girls come in yelling,  im not phased until they walk behind the counter and find out they are employees.  The short black haired girl was arguing with one of the male workers for 10 minutes, i could barely hear the football game. 

I have been here for 3 quarters of a football game and not once have I  been acknowledged by the staff except when iwent up for a beer. The dark haired girl was also argumentative with a guest simply asking if the game could be turned on outside. She cut him off thinking he was asking about changing the sound, stating some rehearsed line. Took the poor guy one whole minute to get his question understood.

I did not have high expectations for Geno's to start but this place is like a bad movie restaurant. Will never come back and give poor word of mouth unless.acknowledged by the manager. I look forward to writing a poor review in the news publication i represent .
I was so disappointment with this place! We were the only people in there (on a Saturday night, when they should be ready for crowds) and we waited waay too long for crappy sandwiches! They were way over priced and awful. The sandwich was all bun with very little meat. The cheese was not real cheese whiz and dripped off the sandwiches like water. What a shame, we were really looking forward to some great cheesesteaks
Went here for lunch after a day of work.

Two of the soda choices were out of order (Diet soda and sweet tea). Sandwich was not really good. Didn't have that taste you expect from a local sandwich shop. 

Service was all right, but not really much to do for them.
Great place close to ASU and the light rail stop, make your sandwich a combo for about $3 more. I'd highly recommend the garlic fries they are a excellent compliment for the cheese steak, w wiz and onions. Menu has burgers, wings an salads. This place has no free pickles, peppers , just ketchup, hot sauce and mustard. Free soda refills.. I think i saw beer as well. A few kids were there just not sure its kid friendly. They have several different kinds of sandwchs to choose from and the place is loaded w TV's and even a patio w TV's. Give it a try if you like cheese steaks
Pricey but good. You won't regret it.

If your looking for full flavor try a Hoogie. Also you will be full with a large sandwich and a drink.
Good cheesesteaks and they deliver late!  Fast service in-store but delivery can take awhile sometimes.  It's really no pricier than any other decent cheesesteak place in the Tempe area.  Their garlic fries are amazing.
This places food is so delicious I seriously love their cheesesteaks, what telly brings them down is there service. The people working there show no customer service skills what so ever, they would rather stand around and gossip than assit a paying customer. But the food...is a 5/5 in my book only reason I keep coming back.
It's a pretty good place. It's open late and is very close to campus. The food is good, but the people working there are usually pretty rude.
Geno's was nice enough to stay open till 5 am for Diamondbacks fans watching the opener from Australia. The provolone cheesesteak was tasty but a little short on meat.
What the hell is going on in Tempe with the food? This place just served me a horrible disgusting sandwich. The 1/2 provolone cheese steak was full of salty, nasty gyro meat and pretty much the discussion ends there. Took a few bites, felt the grease build up and then jumped ship and ate the 6 bucks. Of course I left my calling card with an upside side basket for somebody to clean up later.
This place is actually garbage. Their delivery is some of the slowest iv experienced and I only live down the street from them. Only redeeming quality are the mushroom caps and you can tell even those arent anywhere near fresh. The burgers iv gotten here were plain disgusting and reminded me of something an 8th grader would serve to his parents if he was trying to impress them, and the Hoogies arent much better. AVOID
You deff get what u pay for, actually there in line with other cheesesteak restaurants. The garlic fries well done is a must. And try the garlic chicken, it's great!!  Friendly service and clean. I've gotten deliveries and I can say it has gotten faster.
Not bad and not great but okay. It hits the spot but there are better options out there.
Late night spot. The different variety of fries are really worth trying. Everything else on the menu is good, not great. Avg pricing
Tried Geno's for the first time today. Might have had too high of expectations for this place but I was disappointed. 

I ordered the provolone cheese steak with mushrooms. It had NO flavor. The only way it tasted alright was because of the red sauce that was on the table. A bit overpriced too. I wouldnt pay 9 bucks for half a sandwich that is going to taste like nothing. (Had to buy fries separate because the sandwich didn't come with anything else...) wich is another thumbs down.

My boyfriend ordered a chillie cheese dog, and he said it tasted like a Circle K hotdog. It was really sloppy too. That ALSO didn't come with fries or chips. 

Overall, just not worth the money
This place puts the M in Meh....I went and got the original cheesestake today.  I have to say the meat reminded me of a hot pocket or more so a lean pocket.  Not very pleasing.  Fries were ok.  They were hot, a tad overcooked maybe. Don't think I'd go back, especially for the price.  Fries are separate, boo! The place on Mill ave is a lot better.  If this is how the cheesestakes are in Philly, well there is no reason for me to visit.
Great locally owned family restaurant.  GREAT Cheesesteaks and burgers with ice cream for desert.  Nice patio. Kids menu. Try the homemade chips.
Stopped in for a cheese steak sandwich. Not only was the sandwich excellent, home made fries and a fountain Sosa was included. Very clean too.
Mike's in Gilbert is without a doubt the best cheese steak in AZ. Homemade fries, chips,  onion rings,  and now sweet potaoes fries are amazing!  Great  Sevice and atmosphere.  When ur done with ur meal u can enjoy ur favorite ice cream, chocolate malted crunch, oh ya.  Mike's is now my goto place.
Mike's cooks up a really great burger and the curly fries are to die for. Be sure to ask for jalapenos on your cheese burger for a little extra zing
Best danger cheese Burger I've ever had!
I've eaten at Mike's twice.  Tried the burger the first visit.  The burger was very good and why I gave 3 stars.  Went back to try the Philly Steak sandwich.  Just an FYI: I was born and raised in Philly and know what goes into a good Philly steak sandwich and what it should taste like.  The steak at Mike's was just fair.  Tasted a bit like roast beef.  Probably because they use prime rib for the meat.  That is not the cut of meat that is used in a Philly steak sandwich.   The meat should be either rib eye or skirt steak, shaved thin.   Besides the meat the second most important part of the sandwich is the bread.  The rolls they use for the steak are too soft and mushy.  At first I thought it was just a large hot dog bun.  It should be on a good Italian roll or baguette, crusty on the outside and soft inside.   I ordered my steak with white American cheese.  The cheese did not have much of a taste and wasn't creamy like a good brand of cheese (Land of Lakes, Clearfield) would have been.  The one thing they did right was chop the meat up on the grill.  I have yet to find a Philly steak sandwich in Arizona, that can stand up to a real Philly steak sandwich, ever since Max's Taste of Philly in Mesa closed up.
Te best cheese steak west of Philly!  Excellent fries and potato chips, too.
UPDATE:  The cheese steak is even better with the new rolls.  I tried a chicken cheese steak this week.  It might even be better than the regular cheese steak.
I've never tried cheese steaks in Philadelphia, so I cannot comment on how "authentic" these are, however they tasted good to me.  The bread was very fresh, and did not get too soggy.  The onion rings were very good as well.  I didn't get a chance to try the ice cream, but will have to next time.  The person cooking (the owner I think?) was very friendly.  We will be back.
There are plenty of burger shops in Southern Arizona such as Culvers, Freddie's Burgers, Smash Burger, Four Brothers but when I walked in here you could tell right away that this was warm and friendly family operation that is different from the other with that non corporate ran feel to it.  I ordered the 1/3 pound burger, fries and a soda.  Since it was Tuesday we got the second order for half off, what a great deal since the burger was delicious, the fries home cooked and that one scoop hot fudge sundae (genuine thrifty ice cream) ended this as a perfect meal!  Places like this are hard to find and I would strongly recommend anyone to give this place a shot as they pride themselves on quality meats and service.
Next time in I am getting the Chicago Hot Dog for the ultimate test of their claim to the ultimate Chicago Dog.  I have a strong feeling I will not be disappointed!  Oh yeah, and that cheese steak is next on my list as well.
Comedian Jim Dale
The cheesesteak was pretty good. The meat was fresh and tasted great. The bread is lacking.. If they used an Italian loaf, it would be soooo much better!! It would also be nice if they had provolone or mozzarella! Also, having a gravy option (marinara type sauce) would be great! I won't be rushing back here, but it was pretty good. There still are a couple of better places in the area. The owner was very friendly, maybe he will read these notes! ;)
One of the best cheesesteaks I've had since moving from Philly. And unlike other cheesesteaks I've had out here, this place doesn't skimp on the meat. Only criticism is the bread. Should be chewier and maybe slightly toasted.
It's not like you can find a good cheesesteak place in the valley, right? Yeah you can! It turns out! Who knew! I loved this place and the food was great! Prepared fresh right when we ordered. They even have Thrifty ice cream (which is the BEST) so we tried to save room for our huge scoops of that. They explained to us what they offer and how they prepare it as well as their recommendations for us. I had the cheesteak with onions and peppers. They put a white cheddar cheese sauce on the bottom and then flip the meat over on top to cover it. Oh ma gosh! So good! They serve onion rings or fries and also feature other food like burgers. I haven't gotten a chance to try their other food yet but I am sure it's just as good! The restaurant has a small patio and adequate seating inside. It looks like an old diner or coffee shop inside. Very cool find! Different than your chain restaurants and great service too!
OMGOMGOMG. So, I walk in and there are oldies playing on a jukebox! Perfecto.  I couldn't decide on the cheesesteak or a burger, so flip of a coin in my head and burger it was. I ordered the half pound with grilled onions and cheese. The burger was INSANE!!! I took a bite of the burger to decide whether or not I wanted to add the veggies. Get away rabbit food!!! The burger was so juicy and the flavor, THE FLAVORRR!!!!!!! This may make sense to some  of you, the burger tasted like beef! Like a great steakhouse steak, dry-aged type shit!! The fries were fresh and on point.  The guy who took my order (mike maybe?) promised a good burger, and delivered.  He promised a good cheesesteak, and I believe him. Will def return.  Cheers!
I have eaten here a couple of times. Each time was wonderful. The first time I ate here, I had the Philly Cheesesteak, home made potato chips and unsweetened iced tea. I have never had a cheesesteak sandwich in Phiiy, so I can't tell you if this is "authentic", but I can tell you that it is delicious and huge. Although I did attempt to pick it up to eat it, the softness of the roll (my only complaint about the Philly) forced me to eat it with knife & fork. My second visit to Mike's, I got the 1/3 pound green chili burger, sweet potato fries and iced tea. The burger was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. The burger is cooked perfectly, and the green chilis give it a little bite. This isn't "fast food", this is home made, cooked after you order it, and fixed exactly how you want it. I have yet to have room for ice cream, but I grew up with Thrifty Drug Stores, so I know the ice cream will please any ice cream lover.
Will be back very soon!!! Cheese steak with green chilies, jalapeno, onions, mushrooms!  His home made chips where awesome! And the owner was very kind!
My wife says lets try something new. Guess these guys have been here for a little while. The Republic suggested them so off we went. Great little corner Ice Cream parlor burger joint. The Cheese steak is to die for! My wife loved her burger as well everything was fixed as you ordered it! Hot and fresh! We will be back!
I wish i would have read the reviews because on reviewer Bobby H. nailed it right on the head.  The most disappointing part is the bread.  It does not have the ablitliy to hold up to the steaming meat causing the bread to just get absolutely soft and mushy.  A nice Italian bread is definitely in need.  Another thing needed is a good  sharp provolone cheese.  The meat is good but seems to be missing some seasoning but i'm just nitpicking here.  One major plus is that they have crinkle fries...yahoo!  It's hard to find so it's always bonus to have.
Was looking for a good burger so when we read the reviews we decided to give Mike's  a try! Ordered the hamburger and asked for grilled onions(I like them really cooked) and they cooked them to perfection. The Riccobono bakery bun was warmed and the hamburger was delicious! Best Burger since moving to the Valley 12 years ago! The crinkle fries were also cooked crispy. Mike the owner chatted with us and we will go back and support this local business.
Have had the ice cream. Very good. Will try the food soon.
My sister kept saying, "You gotta' try this place, you gotta'."  Well I did, and I thank her very much!  I had the Chicken Philly,with everything and jalapenos.  It was AWESOME.  Great taste, hot and right now...my mouth is watering.  I will add this caveat, the jalapenos, were SPICeeeee!  Too spicy for me, so the cook took it back and dumbed it down for me.  Man, it was delicious, he was very customer service oriented and did a great job on all the food. Amazing that they are not busier, people...go...go!  If you love a Philly, get over there!

Oh, I did have the onion rings, my nephew the fries and both were awesome.  I had to steal some fries from him (yeah, he whined) but they were great...he is slow in moving his basket...all his fault ;-)  He loved the cheeseburger he ordered too. Forgot about that...but he enjoyed it.

They serve ice cream too.  Good place, good food and great service!
Very good cheesesteak (I had mine with onions, peppers and mushrooms).  Stuffed full of steak - they definitely don't skimp on the steak.  The flavor was great and the sandwich quite juicy - making the bread slightly soggy, but that's hard to avoid.  The sandwich did not fall apart despite a 15 minute drive home.  A very, very good cheesesteak and one of the best I've had in AZ.

The staff and owner were very friendly. The owner handed me  my order, asked if it was my first visit and told me a few things about  his restaurant and their food and preparation. It was a nice touch.

The place itself is quite small with a handful of tables and chairs and a small jukebox playing '60s tunes! (The Beach Boys were playing while I was waiting).  There appeared to be small outdoor patio as well. 

My only complaint would be pricing.  The cheesesteak sandwich itself was $8.49 - which is OK if it included fries and a drink.  In order to get a fries and drink with the sandwich, you have to order the combo which adds $3 to your total.  So my total for the sandwich, regular fries and drink was over $12 (including tax).  Seems pretty steep to me - and the only thing preventing me from giving the place 5 stars. 

I'd like to try one of their burgers next trip - and try to keep my tab to under $10.
One of those places that teeters on good and great, but can't get over the hump due to presumably poor management.

Appearance is important when you walk into a food joint and while Mike's does have some cool stuff like the jukebox, checkered floors, catchy logo and vintage seating, they miss the mark overall.  

For example, the jukebox has a stupid old sign on it that says 'don't touch'.  Come on guys, spend $5 to get a professional looking sign.  The ordering area overlooks this awkwardly large space that is sort of an unnecessary space hog in an already small restaurant.  While it is filled with some ice cream and an outdated register, from my two visits, it is mostly full of young awkward employees sort of standing around trying to find something to do.  Don't get me wrong, most of the employees really offer great customer service, but there are a couple of nincompoops in the bunch as well.

The food is good, but could be great because they use a lot of fresh, quality ingredients.  The problem is probably more around consistency because my second visit was about 10x better than the first.  They use quality beef from Midwestern Meats and all of the veggies tasted fresh as well.  The kids enjoyed the chicken nuggets as well.

Wasn't a fan of the french fries, very mediocre, nothing special.  The onion rings were a let down.  I don't know what it was, my guess is the crunch mix they use is lacking seasoning or originality.  

I'll go back again for the fresh meat and the sliders, but hopefully management can get this little joint over the hump.
Super average burgers. Not sure what all the hype is with these 5 star reviews.

Took a large family here and out of the 8 of us, 8 of us agrees it was average and In n Out or Fatburger would have been money better spent.

Skip.
I wish I lived closer to be there more often.  Great food and great service.  Owner takes great pride in his business and buys quality ingredients.  Why patronize a chain when this is available!
We happened upon this place on Friday 3/8/2013  We were actually heading to the place next door and i saw the Philly cheesesteak sign and thought why not? Most places who serve them are typically terrible but i always try at least once.!  My husband actually thought it was pricey for a burger at  around 8 dollars but he quickly retracted it when he saw it's size. I ordered the Philly and  my husband  the burger and it was the best Philly in AZ we have had. The steak was so good and i don't eat a lot of red meat. The peppers mushroom onion we perfectly cooked and the bread was so soft and held the large amount of meat and veggies pretty well. The burger was equally delicious and very big! The food was absolutely the freshest! I am a native Californian and there we have lot's of burger places and in moving to Arizona 8 years ago I found there is just not  very many here and it was something i missed. But now i have finally found a place and it is LOCAL and not a chain.  (Besides Joe's farm grill which we enjoy but the lines are just way too long and it is pricey )The owner Mike is very inviting and he makes you feel like you have always known him. He knew it was our first time and he brought us our food and told us a little bit about the restaurant and how he gets his meats & bread and told us everything is freshly prepared  which was totally evident!! He  actually made our lunch which we really loved! We are heading back tonight for dinner this time with our children and i can't wait for another Philly cheesesteak or a Burger and some onion rings and not to forget the wonderful banana split my hubby had. I love the variety of ice cream flavors especially Double chocolate malted crunch ( Thrifty's ice cream flavor ) 

I never post reviews but had to for Mikes Burgers and Cheesesteaks because it was so wonderful. 
Try it you won't regret it.
Mike's is a great place for a Philly cheesesteak! The owner is a nice guy, we see & talk to him each time we go in. I lived in Philly for a while and I've been looking for a place that could serve a Philly up the way I had it back then, Mike's got it covered. The prices are good and and he really works hard to make his customers happy. The Philly is a good size and fills me up so much that I can barely touch the fries.  I recently discovered their onion rings and added them to my list of cravings. Then they've got some good ice cream to satisfy our sweet tooth. I've lost track of the times that my husband has brought Mike's home. Their Philly's do great as take out, they don't get mushy after the car trip home (we're about 5 miles away). 
Enjoy!!
Quality of cheese steaks is good and the ingredients for both the steaks and salads are equally good, for me.  I only have one problem which is why it is given only 3 stars and that has to do with the cleanliness of the restaurant and my observations of some techniques used in the kitchen and that can be observed while sitting inside the restaurant.  The windows have probably not been cleaned for a while now as there were dead "gnat like"  insects lining the ledges and near the two tables which are arranged alongside these ledges that I have observed between a visit several days ago (Mar 12, 2013) and my current visit on March 14, 2013).  Since doors are open many times during this time of year, specifically, it may prove to be a non-issue, as the days increasingly become warmer.  I did observed the staff handling the lettuce, onions and other ingredients by hand. (Note:  Even if a staff member, cook or the preparation staff uses the restroom and washes their hands, for example, touching any community surface(s) or  the door handle to that restroom, and after washing your hands, ultimately cancels out the hand washing benefits.  Touching doors and surfaces and then preparing things like salads, or touching rolls used for sandwiches is obviously an oversight but still poor habits for an food preparing establishment.  I usually rely on the fact that the meat inside is cooked sufficiently with the onions that there will be no apparent issues upon devouring it as a sub!  To date, I hesitate to go back but I have done so due to the cooking effect (heat) and quality of the hot subs offered.  I hope the owner or manager reads these comments because I would have loved to have given 4 stars on this restaurant; however, hygiene is as important as the product taste at the end of the day.  Food illness is very serious and no one wants to play Russian Roulette with a meal's contents and rely on any external effect to correct the deficiency that can be eliminated upfront and in the first place. Barring the issues described and/or observed above, a 3/5 star rating seems to match well with my experiences here.
Two burgers, one water over 16.00. Food beyond avg, could name a dozen better places! Wanted to enjoy it, but didnt.
You'd never know it from looking at the place, but these guys put together a very good Philly cheesesteak. Warm quality bread, and a ton of beef, with tasty peppers, onions, and cheese - in the top 3 or 4 cheesesteak sandwiches that I've had. Onion rings were pretty good as well.

It looks like it's just a fun little corner ice cream shop that happens to serve food as well, but they definitely know how to make a cheesesteak. Burgers are supposed to be good as well - I don't get to this side of town that often, but if I make it back, I'll have to give that a try.
My fiance and I had just gotten back from Cancun and were in the mood for a burger so after looking through some reviews we happened on this place. Burgers were good, chips were crispy and the fries were alright. Next time I will try the cheesesteak.
Great little pit stop on Gilbert rd.

Tried the 1/3 lb. burger, onion rings, fries, and choc. milkshake. All were exceptionally great, although I think the rings were better than the fries. The one thing I liked about the burger is that it's not too greasy.

Unfortunately I didn't get to try any of the ice cream, but wouldn't doubt its wonderful flavor. 

Whenever you're near this area, why not make it Mike's?
Fat kid food heaven!  Best Philly Cheesesteak I have ever had.  Roll was incredibly soft.  Ice cream shakes are amazing.  Huge selection of ice cream.  Onion rings are amazing.  Only thing bad I can say is the restroom was mediocre clean at best.
AMAZING cheesesteaks!!! They are huge, tons of cheese, pick your topping. So good! These are addicting and I will be coming back again. It's a great find in Gilbert Town Square and it's so nice to find something other than McDonalds and other fast food chains. Give it a shot!
Summary: If you want a good old fashioned burger go here!

My wife and I recently moved to Arizona and have been craving a good cheeseburger. You know, the non fast food kind. The kind that tastes like an old fashioned mom-and-pop-joint burger should taste.  

We decided to stop at Mike's more or less randomly because my name is also Mike (so naturally we had to try it).  Needless to say, we could not have been more pleased with our little adventure.  As soon as I walked in and saw the juke box and the old-school menu board I knew we had found a winner.

The worker was super nice, took our order, and threw in 2 free drinks because it was our first time!  We each got a burger and a side of fries.  The bun was fresh, toasted, soft, and way above your average mass produced white bread bun. The meat was excellent. You could really taste the freshness in the patty and it was cooked to perfection. Even the fries were tasty!  (I saw the worker bring out a cheesesteak to someone while we were waiting for our food and I will be returning soon).

You can tell Mike's uses really fresh ingredients, including the meat, and knows how to cook a top-notch burger.  Give it a try!!
Best Burgers!!.. The bacon is thick, the burgers are huge & taste great. Every time we have been there everyone has been friendly & helpful. Love this place
Only been one time, but it's safe to say I had an above average experience! I ordered the half pound Jalapeño Jack burger with a side of onion rings. The burger entailed a perfect spice, high quality meat (from Midwestern meats), and flavorful cheese. The onion rings were really great too! Decent portions here, I was definitely full. 
My only problem is that my bill was $11 and change. A bit pricey for a no frills in and out styled place that caters to those who need a quick bite to eat after work or another event. I didn't even order a drink, mind you. Regardless it's but a minor set back in what was a really solid burger! I'd recommend it to others.
Excellent homemade burgers. Great portions for the price.
NOT BAD , But not as good as fuddruckers...I was pleased to not have to drive 10 miles to fuddruckers
Wow  the food is fantastic,  my wife adn I had the cheesesteak   it melted in your mouth  the bread was perfect  toasted on the inside just enough for the crunch but soft on the outside.  The owner offered to help us order since my wife was on crutchs so we didnt have to stand at the counter.  Our kids joined us about 5 minutes after we ordered and they made sure all our food came out together and it was perfect.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great meal.
We came here for lunch the other day because its right by my work and our school is doing an ice cream fundraiser here. So we thought we give this place a try. The owner was very friendly and helped recommend some things to eat. I ordered their Philly cheese steak with mushroom, green chili and jalapeños and my boyfriend got the cheeseburger and fries. Since it was our first time there he gave us a free drink which was nice. The food tasted really fresh and the cheese steak I got was so good. Probably one of the best cheese steaks I've tried so far in Arizona. The bread was soft and not to hard and the meat was flavorful. My boyfriend also enjoyed his cheeseburger because it wasn't greasy. The owner also came to our table before he left to check on us and to see how the food tasted. I would defiantly recommend this place and will be coming back.
Great cheesesteak. My oldest son, who's never tried one, said, "this is the BEST!". My other son said, "these sliders are like GOLD on a plate" and my wife liked her bacon cheeseburger. Good, friendly service too. Mike's a nice guy and makes some good food.
Great place. Owner represents well. Ordered the Philly with jalapeños, mushrooms, red and green peppers!!! Bread is delivered daily. Very impressive. We will be back. Lots of ice cream choices! Not a lot of seating but very friendly staff. My wife's response is "I've found my new sandwich place!"
AMAZING GREAT cheese-steaks!!! They are huge for the price, tons of meat, pick your topping. So good!  I'll be coming back again. It's a great find in Gilbert Town Square and it's so nice to find a business that offer a great sandwich.

** Remember Mike to fuse the roll with the meat & cheese on the grill so the roll get hot.

The best in east valley compare to others here on the east side.
I ordered the cheesesteak w/ onions and peppers. It was really good, especially compared to Charleys or other fast food chain style that are microwaved. I havent had a cheesesteak this good in a very long time. This came off a real cooktop! Good thing I was hungry, I was able to down the whole thing. My wife got the chicken sandwich w/ pepperjack cheese. It didn't look to spectacular, but she said it was tasty.

Thirfty Brand ice cream. Lots of flavors. Big plus!

The decor is like a 50's vibe, old jukebox, black and white checkered tile, red accents. Guy really cares about the food and making people happy. Was pretty empty on a sunday around noon, everyone must still be in church!

The kid who took my order was super friendly, explained their popular items and was polite. The owner? checked on us once the food was out to make sure everything was okay.
Amazing food: they have the best cheesesteaks in town. You have to try the sweet potato fries.
The meat really is the main attraction at this homage to the '50s. You get a friendly greeting when you walk in the door (typically from mike). Weather you get a cheesesteak or a burger it is always cooked to juicy perfection. The onion rings are great too. You order at the counter and get your own drinks but the staff delivers your food (in about 10 minutes), always makes sure it is right and good. They also are do gooders - participating in meal match.org and I have seen them get involved with school fundraisers too.
Hard to find a place where the owner comes out and greets you if he's there and it's your first time there. Very friendly and very good at recommending foods. Great music too.  The FOod was delicious.
Seen this place on yelp for awhile but finally have them a try with my mom and husband today. We ordered a little bit of everything. Cheesesteaks, wings, onion rings, chicken nuggets, and fries. You definitely get a lot of food for your money. The cheesesteak was overloaded with chopped prime rib with the right amount of onions. The bread was the perfect consistency to hold all the meat without making it soggy at all. Wings were delish and crispy. Fries and onion rings were good. I believe the onion rings were beer battered. Overall really tasty. Best part is you have to save room for dessert because they serve THRIFTYS ice cream!!! My ultimate fav!
Best cheesesteak in town!  I have tried Gxxxxs and they don't come close to Mikes.
Went here while my parents were visiting...had some of the best cheeseburgers and cheesesteaks I've ever had!
Great place, arguably best hamburger in the Phoenix metro area. Great place for the kids with Thrifty ice cream. Try the cheese steak sandwich. Great place highy recommend. Mikes a great host
This place is great I wish I lived closer I would come more often the staff was great it was my first time took the time explain everything to me and even recommend to me what I should get I had Chicago dog it was awesome hands down 6stars out of 5
We hadn't been in a long time and I regret that...  Got my wife the beef cheesesteak with all the fixings and it was awesome.  Fully loaded, fresh bread and a ton of delicious fries..  I got the half pound bacon cheese burger and sweet potato fries.  Also delicious.  Mike the owner is super nice and literally asks each guest as they walk out how their meal was.  And also thanks them for coming in.  Great Place, great food.  Go there!
We came in towards closing one night and were greeted with friendly smiles and conversation from Mike (the owner). We told him it was our first time in and he was more than happy to go through the menu with us and proceeded to tell us his restaurant is known for their cheesesteaks. The rumble in my stomach and the smells of meat cooking got me to order one immediately with peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheese. We were told it would be about a 10 minute wait and were given complimentary fountain drinks in the meantime. We were also told the restaurant is getting painted and having some minor renovations to look less like an ice cream shop (ie: checkered floors, ice cream pictures posted, etc.). Place is cute with toys and candies for kids and a Coke machine with glass bottles. 

When our food arrived, the cheesesteaks were huge and overflowing with meats and toppings! The bread is heavenly mixed with the tender meat, veggies and melting cheese, WOW! I was super hungry and could barely finish the cheesesteak! This is definitely the right place to go if you are hungry and in need of good food!

Oh, and I did get some ice cream to go (chocolate brownie) and that was also good. I could have done without the walnuts though.

Will be back and lucky for me it's so close to home!
I went to Mike's to try their cheesesteaks, and I was pleased. The bun and meat were all very good, seasoned well and juicy. Had provolone, onions, mushrooms and jalapenos on it and was very tasty with just the right amount of heat. Onion rings and fries were good too. At this point the only two places in the valley I would eat a cheesesteak is Mike's and Capriotti's. Wife had fish and chips and was also good...much better and cheaper than nearby full service restaurants charging twice as much. Had some yummy ice cream to finish it off. Only complaint was the tables were dirty (previous diners left a mess behind).
First timer. Had the cheesesteak. Was juicy and d-ish. Next time I'll have it with the green chili. Mike was helpful with suggestions. Highly recommend!
It's a shame- the burgers are actually good but I can't get over seeing the employee scoop my fries with his bare hands.  Ewwww.  Luckily, I said something & got new, untouched fries but can't shake the image
My first time in and the owner took my order and was extremely nice. I placed a to go order and he gave me a free drink while I waited. I ordered a cheesesteak and fries. The sandwich was awesome and the fires where still crispy even after a 10 minute drive back home. I definitely recommend this place and will going back very soon.
We were just browsing through yelp one night looking for a place with good burgers.  We stumbled upon Mike's and decide to give it a try.  Upon arrival we were promptly greated by the friendly staff.  We ordered a cheeseburger, cheesesteak, and chili cheese fries.  They also serve thrifty/riteaid ice cream! Honestly we didn't think much or have any expectations for this place.. but boy did they give us a suprise.  

Cheeseburger- the most moist, perfectly cooked, delicious burger I have had in the east valley! I even liked it better than Rehab burger. My boyfriend agrees!

Cheesesteak-  Theres something about that fluffy buttery bread they put everything in.. grilled onions and cheese so good! The beef was so tender too!

Chili cheese fries- this was the only thing I didn't really like because they used nacho cheese/ cheese wiz on top.  I think this is personal though, I am really not a big fan of none stringy cheese.  The fries were good though!

The only thing I wished for here was for their cheese to be stringy! But other than that you have a great place to bring kids! Awesome food and ice cream!
Do not eat here it took 20 mins to get the food to us and our fries were cold. The chicken wings looked like a snake sheading its skin. The ketchup tasted like shit. DO NOT FUCKING EAT HERE!!!!! I would give -5 stars if i could my. 2 year old nephew was throwing his food away before we were even done eating the "food" (if you can call it food) wont go back if they offer to pay me
Wow! Wanted a burger and got even more.  Great burgers and cheese steaks.   My wife and had a great customer experience and will be bringing our friends back with us
We passed by this place a few times and finally decided to give it a try.  We are so glad we did.  We ordered bacon cheeseburgers and they were out of this world!  I am so sorry we didn't go here sooner.  I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.
Love this place took my fiancé to this place for a quick bite also brought the dog. owner let us know it's a dog friendly patio and the burgers where awesome great service and awesome fries great place for cheap date night ....
Joni and I were in Gilbert to scope out the real estate in the area. We decided to go around and check out some of the eating establishments. We were not hungry at the time and just wanted to see the menus to see what was available. Stopped by Mikes Burgers and were greeted by Mike the owner. We chatted a bit and after a little conversation decided that it would be a good place for some good ole American food. 

A couple of days later we stopped in for some cheese steak sandwiches and were amazed at how good they were. The rolls were great and the steak was piled up to the ceiling. We are moving from Colorado to Gilbert and are very pleased that we have a place to go for our cheese steak fix. I have not tried the burgers yet but I will bet they are great too.
The best cheese steak around.  The portion sizes are ginormous,  could easily share a sandwich.  The bun is soft and the meat is so tender.  We also ordered chicken wings and the have to be the largest wing size around.  If you're craving a hearty steak sandwich this is the to check out. We had no idea they serVed thrifty ice cream too.  We may come back just for ice cream.  Very pleased with this Mike's cheese steak.  Only suggestion is to see them clean their rest rooms and add a mirror in the ladies room.
Amazing food! Had a cheese streak with fries and it was amazing.  I loved the look and atmosphere plus the music is great.  Good eats and good times.
We got  the philly cheesesteak and the jalepeno jack burger. Both were cooked to perfection and delicious! We also got the fries and onion rings and they were both great too.  Everything was cooked fresh to order and everything was fresh tasting. I would highly recommend mikes and we will for sure be back soon. Great service to go with the great food!
We like to support locally owned businesses as much as possible and this is the reason why. We were greeted by the owner and he explained the menu and our options. He made it known that he uses only fresh, quality ingredients. Pops and I each got burgers and fries...both we cooked perfectly and taste awesome. Next time we're going to try the cheesesteaks. You can tell when someone puts their heart into their craft and that makes all the difference
First time at Mikes, I ordered a beef cheesesteak sandwich & a drink, since it was my first time, my soda was free!! My sandwich was worth every penny!! I have that feeling of being full, but can't stop eating cause my sandwich is so good!! Keep up the amazing food! I will be back to try new things and have some ice cream too!
Cheesesteak was very good, lots of cheese and LOADED with good, tender beef. A little bready, but the bread is darn good too. Onion rings were a disappointment. Appeared to be from frozen prefab, a touch greasy, but with a decent crunch and the onion didn't pull out on the first bite, so OK. I'll try fries next time. Overall a good sandwich. Good service too. Just two young guys, maybe even teens, running the whole show on a Sunday night as far as I could tell. Quick to take the order and then run it out right to the table. I'd definitely give it another shot, the sandwich really was damn good.
Sunday lunch with a buddy.  I ordered the build-your-own cheesesteak and onion rings on the side.  Buddy ordered the 1/2 burger with bacon, 'shrooms and fries.  Guy behind the counter was friendly and tossed in free drinks given our first visit there. (thanks!)  About 20 minutes for the food but we were told beforehand which was nice.  Worth the wait though.  Cheesesteak had good flavor and was served hot -- the aroma was worth the visit itself upon serving.  Onion rings were good but I'd order cheese fries next time.  My buddy devoured his burger and fries without saying much as he was focused eating and that is a good thing!  Good eats were had and I'll be back upcoming.  Recommended.
I checked this place out for the first time with the man. I think this is just a locally owned burger place. The burgers were spot on, so fresh and tasty. Not only are the patties hand pattied and delivered daily from a local meat company in Mesa, but they are reasonably priced. We went on a Wednesday and they had a special going where you could get a $1.00 ice cream with any meal purchase and if I remember correctly, Phillies were a $1 off too. 

The ice cream was super tasty. I've never heard of the Thrify brand but wow...creamy and delicious!

I think the owner was doing the cooking and he actually came out when we walked in and explained the menu to us and gave me his recommendations when I asked. Everything is made to order and I love how fresh everything was.
Food was terrific! The bun my cheese steak was on was very fresh. Waited about 15 min before our food came out, which was a little frustrating but like I said, food was terrific. Will be back.
The Family and I love going here for dinner.  My favorite is the cheese steaks!  I am a fan of the cheese steak and it is hard to find a good one.  Mike has found the secret combination.  I would recommend you try it out if you enjoy a great cheese steak,  My son loves the kids sliders!

Great family owned business!
Food is great, and staff is really friendly. I had the bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The price was reasonable, and on top of that, I also received an additional 10% off for being a business owner. I am definitely going back to try the cheesesteak which looked amazing!
Went in with my cousin he got a burger I got a cheesesteak and we both spent most of the night in the bathroom...food was not good! They make a much better burger 2doors down from mikes at phonicia....
I've been here several times for ice cream and food. Always a great experience. I would highly recommend.
I am sitting in here for the first time and I haven't eaten anything yet. I will say based on how filthy this place is, I won't be returning.
One of my favorite places to eat! At my work we do a Wednesday Cheesesteak run at least once a month! 
We give Mike a call, each steak is ordered different. We arrive to freshly Cooke steaks, boxed and ready to go, each labeled so there is no guessing which is which.
This place is by far the best burgers in town.  I would put this place up against any burger joint, any day hands down.  Mike really knows how to make a great burger. 5 stars!!!
I really liked this place! Boyfriend and I went for lunch and it was good. Nice decor, kind of a 50's ish feel and clean. Mike was there cooking and is friendly. I hope this place sticks around :)
Great Burgers half pound angus beef........we received a coupon and tried the burgers.......called in a pizza order for delivery........they have a great meat lovers pizza.........they have plenty of other pizzas but we keep reordering the same pizza each time..........Corner of Westcliff & Buffalo.....not many places to eat in that area.....so were lucky to have this one just open up..........They are inside the Bounty Hunter Gaming Lounge.........call they will deliver  684-5888
In search for a pizza we hadn't tried before we came across this place online when looking for places near Summerlin-ish area.
The website had a menu with prices and freebies depending on the amount you spend.
It is inside a bar called "Bounty Hunter". 
When we walked in there was a stale smell in the air.
We ordered pizza and cokes. Since we spent more then $20 we got a free order of "Fried Mushrooms". 
The Mushrooms were greasy and soggy and rubbery.
The Pizza had no flavor. The sauce just tasted like tomato paste and the cheese was very rubbery like the Mushrooms.
The server was friendly I do have to say and checked on us often.
We wont be back because the food just wasn't up to par and I have experienced much better.
Our total for the pizza and cokes was $25.
I have ordered twice. The first time I got a cheese burger and fried zucchini. We ordered enough to get two free fountain drinks with our pick up order. The burger was delicious and flavorful. The fried zucchini was crisp and tasty. I recommend both items. 

This second time we got a cheese and bacon burger, chili burger and beef BBQ sandwich with onion rings and chili cheese fries. The chili cheese fries were huge and a meal on their own. The BBQ beef sandwich was beyond delicious and I would recommend it. The onion rings were crisp and amazing. All around a great deal with 3 sodas for $35 total.

The person who was working, Nick, was so nice on the phone and called me before he was almost done so it was fresh when we got it. They also deliver for a small fee, but it is right around the corner so it is easier to just drive. 

Great food and I look forward to trying their breakfast menu too.
I have been searching for a good Cheesesteak, and I have found it.  These guys are living my dream.  The owner and his wife started with a food truck and are now running a nice little spot.  They do so with a smile and friendly Hello when you come through the door.  Really glad they are close to the house and work.  

P.S.  Park in back
Been there twice so far! Cannot wait to go back again! We have tried 4 of their sandwiches. They are ALL AMAZING! Quality meat! Local bakery! Local Produce! 
We have really tried to support every restaurant that has been in this corner. My husband always says, "If you give them what they want they will come, no matter what the location" etc etc. Well these guys are doing just that. There is parking at the back, BTW. We were so happy to see a line out the door to pick up, eat in etc. 
This place is going to be here forever! I would not be surprised if these guys open up 5 more of these thru out the valley!!!!!!!!!
It's just the best cheesesteak I've ever had in my life, that's it.
So glad this place is in the neighborhood!  The sandwiches are generously sized and stuffed with freshly prepared ingredients - I watched everything go on the grill from my seat.  The southwestern influence melds really nicely with the classic grilled steak and cheese.  Kind of like a good steak torta from your favorite fast food joint, but with higher quality cuts (and vegetables, and bread, and sauce...). House made sauces and chewy, warm buns seal the deal - plus the fact that $10 gets you stuffed with a  sandwich, a drink and fries or onion rings.
Found this on Yelp today and talked the guys into giving it a try.  little hole in the wall type place on the outside but looks new on the inside.  Everyone seemed to enjoy it both food and service were quite good. Cheese steaks sort of have there own twist we each had a different one and everyone liked what they got.  I had the west side it tasted fresh the fries were nice and crispy.  Even though its more of a order at the counter then go sit place the guy came out and never let our drinks go dry made sure we had everything we wanted so the service was more than expected for this type of place.  I would recommend it.
Who doesn't like an amazing cheese steak?

... well, Vegans wouldn't dream of it, Vegetarians are on the fence, cows for sure wouldn't touch the stuff, (but what about mad cows? maybe), supermodels only eat celery I hear, crazy people wouldn't know what to do with one, Hindus for sure make this list, and kids under 6 just don't like cheese steaks - they do like steak and they do like cheese, just not at the same time or on a bun.

If you happen to find yourself in one of the above demographics; please save yourself the regret and go to 'Green New American Vegetarian' just down the street. Otherwise, you'll find one fantastic cheese steak here. 

Anticipate large chunks of thick cut steak, grilled up to a perfect tender consistency, gussied up with sauteed onions and peppers, with just the right amount of gourmet flavoring; like chipotle, covered in a top shelf cheese sauce, topped with sliced jalapenos.

... and that was just one of the options you find here. Calling all cheese steak lovers of Phoenix, this should be one of your dining destinations. Have them toss in more of those tender chunks of lovin for just $2 more and find yourself dining in or walking out the door with the biggest steak sandwich you can dream of for about $9.

Eat on you steak lovin Yelpers!
I was looking for something close to my office for lunch today and decided to try The Phoenix Cheesesteak Co out based on the great reviews. The reviews don't lie folks, this place was delicious! 

I called ahead for pickup which was about a 20 minute wait right at noon, not bad at all. It was a bit hidden next to the convenience store, but I was able to find it ok. Hopefully they will put more signage out so people know it's there and want to stop in. The dining area inside is small but nice - probably not a good idea for a group of more than 4. The staff was very friendly and greeted me right away. 

Now for the meat of the review - the cheesesteak!  (lame joke, I know ;)  ) I went for the not so philly as I prefer the classic philly taste. It wasn't like any I've ever had before, I'd say it's a spiced up version. The cheese sauce has a bit of a spice to it. The bread was delicious - the prefect softness to crunch ratio.  The steak is cut into large trunks rather than sliced. I think I prefer sliced, but this was good as well. All around, a great sammich. and the fries? oh the fries are some of the best I've ever had. Amazing. Good portion for sharing, or keeping all to yourself because they are too good to share.

So why not 5 stars you say? I think I was expecting more of a "traditional" philly taste even though their website and everything about them says it's not. My guess is that one of the cheesesteaks on the menu with the southwest flair would be a better choice since that is what they are aiming for. I'm definitely going to try this again and go for another option and then probably update this to a 5.
What can I say, kinda okay cheesesteak. parking sucked donkey cack, park nearby and just walk The menu was similiar to any cheesesteak place, but the sandwiches are...well, different.Instead of taking the traditional method of thinly slicing the steak, they serve it in cubes..which gave it a texture that I didn't really care for. Now the flavor was good, but I just can't get over the texture of it. It also seemed that the meat had some sort of gravy with it..just odd. Not sure I'll go back, but it's worth giving a shot if you're in the area..
Really great sandwich. I had "The Phoenix," which consists of cubed rib eye, roasted green chilies, jalapenos, carmelized onions, and a VERY nice roasted chili mayo. Philly? No. Who cares? Not me. This was a perfect Phoenix version. 

I work over on Central and turn left at this corner every morning, but did not notice it until today. It is in a small, two-store strip mall behind an old convenience store. Parking is tight in front, but they have more around back. Inside is nice, especially compared to the rough-looking surroundings. 

Service was friendly and quick. Even though you order and pay at the counter, the guy working checked to see if I needed a refill and brought my stuff to the table. 

I'd just about go five stars, but it is a little expensive. My bill was just under $13 for the sandwich, onion rings, and a drink. I left a tip too, taking the total higher. A little high for lunch, but still a place I'll visit again.
Love this place! I've never been let down, and really appreciate the different things they do with their cheese steaks here, playing up a bit to our part of the country. The Phoenix is by far my favorite, the fries are hot and crispy, the bread is perfection and the service! The service and the guys behind the counter are fantastic.  I work nearby and my co-workers and I come in nearly once a week.
LOVE this place!! Best cheesesteak ever!
Wow this was literally a MELT IN YOUR MOUTH sandwich!  I tried the Phoenix and LOVED it!  I'm not a Ribeye girl or for that matter, a cheesesteak girl, but that Ribeye was perfect!  Super delicious!  So tender and flavorful!  I can't wait to try the Carnitas with apple green chile sauce!
I wish my Phoenix cheesesteak packed more heat considering it was made with green chiles and jalapenos but it was still good and I'd order it again. I'm little disappointed the ranch they serve is store bought. Other than that the sandwich was really good. The bread was heavenly and the meat was superb! Fries were flavorful and crispy. I'd come back if I was in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
This place is so good I honestly am at a loss for words.  They literally have the best Cheese steak I have ever had.  I highly recommend stopping by for lunch sometime.  The portions are huge so bring your appetite. They have parking in the back so don't be intimidated if you don't see parking when you first drive by.
Over the top cheesesteaks. Best in Phoenix, perhaps the world. Amazing food and friendly service. Best ever.
Perfection. 

Read Maria M's review from 6/28. It is spot on.

I say this with no hesitation whatsoever: This is the best sandwich in Phoenix. No contest.

I've had a few of the items on the menu but I'm sold on The Phoenix. Spicy, but not too spicy. Savory, with whatever that aioli business is and the cheese. 

But the hero of this sandwich is the meat and the bread. The steak is the best quality around. It's tender and juicy and there's no fight to it. Your teeth just cut right through it like soft butter. The bread is obviously thought out as well. Slightly crispy on the outside, but not so crumby that you're left with a mess. And warm and soft on the inside. The bread soaks up the sauces but doesn't become soggy. An impressive feat.

Every time I've been in there I've been greeted with a smile and attentive service. 

Take the time to seek out this gem.
The Coronado is awesome.  Caramelized onions, Red Bell Peppers, Provolone Cheese and homemade Horseradish cole slaw.  Topped with fried onion ring and roasted chile mayo.  It is cheesesteak goodness.  The place looks sketchy from the outside, but inside is VERY clean and nice.  Staff are very friendly and attentive.  I have been here a dozen times since I started the draft of this review, and they are still worth every bit of the 5 stars.  The rib-eye meat they use is so good and makes for great sandwiches, my family has taken to calling it 'dragon meat'...(we already call the Capistromi @ Capriotti's 'unicorn meat')...they are so good it's mythical.
We had the misfortune of arriving just after a man had ordered 15 sandwiches to go.  However, our 20 minute wait was well worth it.  My friends both remarked that their cheesesteaks were the best they'd ever had, and the fries were amazing.  I did try a couple fries and it was difficult to stop at two. I had the grilled chicken salad with cilantro dressing - the only thing remotely healthy on the menu. It's probably offered as an afterthought, but it was still really delicious.  The best part by far though was the owner (there were only two people running the restaurant during our lunchtime visit).  He was very gracious about the orders being behind, and offered us a free meal on our next visit.  We refused it, because we realize he's a new local business and he was busting a$$ to make sure all his customers walked out satisfied.  And we did. Luckily we had an hour to spare, but even if we were late going back to work, I think the excuse-making would have been worth it.  Definitely beats Jersey Mike's for a cheesesteak, and supports local business.  Five stars.
I run a business in the same complex, so I got to meet the owners and check out the place for lunch before I opened my shop.  The food is so good that I must restrain myself from eating there daily.   

I've tried the regular sandwich, but prefer the specials.  The "Fire" and "Carne Asada" are my two current faves, with the "Coronado" coming in a close third.  These sandwiches are delicious to the point where I end up eating the bits of cheese that stick to the wax paper. 

 These guys are doing it right.  Quick, friendly service, decent prices, FRESH ingredients, and sticking to what they are best at...the best damn Cheesesteak in town!
These are some great cheesesteaks. I have come here multiplier times and have never left unhappy. The staff are nice and the food is delicious.  
Also try the 'Cheesesteak Fries' they are freakin amazing! I am glad I work next to this place, always a great lunch.
After reading the existing Yelp reviews on this place, it's time for some tempering of expectations.  This is a food truck inside of a building.

Not that there's anything wrong with that.  But it's not the best cheesesteak in the world.  It's not the best sandwich in Phoenix.  It's an OK sandwich, and I don't even know if you can call it a cheesesteak.

If it were a cheesesteak, the meat would be chopped, not diced.  And they would have cheeze whiz.

These sandwiches are certainly OK.  You won't eat here and feel like you had a bad meal.  But if you want a more authentic cheesesteak, go to Corleone's, or even Best of Philly (though I haven't been there for years).  If you want a better cheesesteak-like sandwich, go to De Falco's.

If you're in the neighborhood and you want a decent, affordable sandwich that is similar to a cheesesteak, but won't necessarily blow you away, then yeah, give this a shot.  But superlatives are a bit out of the question here.
The best cheese steak I've ever had, but that's not saying much since I'm not fond of the cruddy meat used in most cheese steak sandwiches. Here they use quality meat in their sandwich and the flavor and turnout shows that it's working. The problem is that they don't have the man power to pump out the sandwiches fast enough for me to go there during lunch. You could wait upwards of 30 minutes for your food. Too long for me. I hope they fix this problem in the future. I'll give em a try again in a month or so.
The Phoenix Cheesesteak Co. adds a new flavor to the Coronado district, which along 7th St. is home to some of the best local restaurants.

I thoroughly enjoyed my "Westside," a gigantic cheese steak made with portobello mushrooms, bell peppers, avocado, onions, provolone and chili mayo.  The bread was fantastic, as was nearly everything else.  I do agree that the "chunks" of steak might not be the best idea, as some of them are a little gristly (to the point of looking for pieces to avoid).  That didn't stop me from finishing the sandwich from end to end.  The chili may is delicious... and this is coming from someone whose biggest fear is mayonnaise. 

On top of that, the place is shiny-clean, and the service is top-notch.  I'm convinced I was helped by the owner, and his motivation is clearly to provide the best possible customer service.  I could walk here from home, but it just feels so much better to drive after one of these belly busters.
Disgusting sandwich. I should have known better when the owner?? told me that they do things different here like cutting their rib eye pieces very thick. If that isn't enough to send you running (if you are a loyal cheesesteak fan in the know) than certainly the taste of the food will get you later. I opened my small make-your own ($7) Philly (white american, peppers, onions) and the first thing I saw was a piece of fat the size of mini-ice cube attached to the steak which the owner said they hand carve all the time. Somebody must have been a bit lazy and missed a giant piece of fat. A chunk of fat that big would not get past even the biggest idiot cutting meat. 
   The whole idea of trying to do something different with cheesesteaks is nice, but too many folks (well maybe not Phoenix natives) have specific standards for cheesesteaks and you just can't break these decades old rules and create a loyal following of true fans. Cut the meat thin like every other place in the world and pay attention to what your serving. At least the guy was nice when I called to inform him and he told me to come back and make it right. Hold the fat please.

  Oh the fries and onion rings are straight out of the ole baggy. Makes me wonder about the ribeye - if you can't cut your own fries, why would you use the best quality meat? They might be cutting corners for a profit.??

Response to Owner :
The only way to tarnish your restaurant's business is to serve us meat with fat chunks that you could literally choke on. Smart Yelpers will realize that is safer to eat your dinner out of a dumpster than risk choking on Phoenix fat.
USDA Choice is not the best cut of rib eye, it is USDA Prime that is top of the line. Certified Angus means a black hide. Your considering non-frozen fries? why thank you so much for considering serving people fresh stuff.
This place is exemplary of the American Dream - from food truck to a downtown location. It also doesn't hurt that they use ribeye steak and fresh local bread for their sandwiches. I ordered the Phoenix Cheesesteak sandwich, the mixture of spice from the jalapeños and chipotle mayo, with the savory and juicy ribeye and melted cheese was amazing. I'll definitely be back.
This place was AMAZING! I got "the westside" & it was fantastic! The regular is quite large & a delcious mix of sauces & veggies. The mayo & avacado mix was the best thing ever. Great sharable side of fries too. The staff was very nice & quick. Definitely will be coming here again!
Well, I must say I was quite impressed with this place. It almost got a four star rating from me, and that's VERY rare. As always, I checked up on Yelp and also the Maricopa County health inspections site to make sure this place wasn't a liability waiting to happen to my stomach. Seemed quite legit from what I read, so I joined in with group of workmates for lunch yesterday. The parking spots out the front are absolutely ridiculous and appear impossible to park a car in - if you had a regular sedan in one of the spaces, its butt would literally be on the sidewalk and about a half yard from the kerb. Just plain weird. So we parked around the corner in front of a minimart and walked back. Interior is nice and clean, I was sort of expecting it to be more on the dingy side. It's one of those place-order-at-counter-and-they-bring-it-to-your-table places. Fairly limited menu, but then again it's a cheesesteak joint, not Claim Jumper.

I ordered the Coronado minus the peppers. Plenty of the items appear to have jalapenos or habaneros, and once upon a time that'd have been just fine with me, but I've softened over the years. I got a side of fries and a drink. The food took a while to be made; not too long, maybe about 15 mins? They certainly didn't seem to be goofing off in the kitchen though. Out came the food and I was very pleasantly surprised. I'm not one of these wankers who walk in already predisposed against a place, ready to start judging how sh1t is done in "Philly" or "Chicago" and who wind up missing the point completely (see my highly-rated review of the now-closed Frank-N-Steins in Surprise for more rage on this subject *8-), I was simply there to have a good meal. And I sure got one. The food was delicious.. bread was soft and fresh, meat was tender as hell and the chilli mayo was pretty much all world. I haven't had a sandwich that tasty in.. well, in about a week, actually, since I had an All-American Grinder at Uncle Sams. Shoestring fries were pretty good too. Uncle Sams' are better. I'm not really a "crisp fries" guy, but.. these were good.

The only thing bringing my rating down to the usual average is the price. My whole sandwich was $9.75 plus tax. And an additional $2.50 for the fries and drink. That's just a little too expensive for lunch. I've had burritos as big as my forearm packing just as much flavour for $5.95, and while I get the whole "it's super delightful, ultra-quality, hand-chopped ribeye" thing, ten bucks for a mid-sized hoagie regardless of whether or not it contains sauteed unicorn nuts is too steep to make me want to return as frequently as I otherwise would. Weird how a half is $8 and a whole is a buck senny five more. Seems almost like movie popcorn pricing to me.

Don't get me wrong, this was probably the best cheesesteak I've ever eaten and everyone I was with agreed, and it's a surprisingly neat little establishment where you might actually want take out-of-town tie-wearers for lunch, but it's just a tad on the pricey side IMO.
This place is ON POINT! Steak is cooked to perfection, sauces are delicious, even the bread is the right density.

This is one place I love to take people just to see their first bite. 

I highly recommend the "Phoenix" for the first visit. Unless you can eat a lot... just got with the regular size.
what the hell is this witchcraft

i've never even liked the thought of a cheesesteak before and now look what you've done to me

i'm a cheesesteak monster
I was hungry for Cheese Steak but I'm usually disappointed. I did check Yelp and decided to take the chance on Phoenix Cheese Steak. Without the reviews, I might have drove right past the place. I drove from the far North West valley with the hope of finding a great sandwich, but expecting only fair to good.
I found great! Hot full of flavor! What a change from most places. Well worth the 20 mile trip! And I'll be back!  I've started passing the word around the office.
On this trip, I couldn't resist having "The West Side" it was delicious as were the fries.
I've tried several places in my search for a great Cheese Steak, in Phoenix this is the best I've found.
If you lived here in the 80's you probably remember the old Taste of Philly. It was there as a young boy that my love of cheese steaks was born and I've been aimlessly searching for a suitable replacement since they left. 
I had high hopes for the Phoenix Cheese Steak Co and was not disappointed! PCSC has taken the cheese steak and and pumped it full of innovative steroids. 
Shaved meat is replaced by chunks of Angus Rib Eye. Although skeptical of this at first, it is hard to complain about after first biting into the tender high quality meat that bursts with flavor. Of course the purists can get it with their beloved cheese sauce and onions (also delicious) but the real genius  here lies in the less traditional topping combos. Chili mayo, green chilies, portobello mushrooms, and horseradish slaw are just a few favorites.  The thin cut fries are outrageous  and the bread is delicious and always fresh. After many a visit to the Phoenix Cheese Steak Co, I have had nothing but amazing dining experiences! Do yourself a favor and check them out today - your stomach will love you and hopefully help this uniquely delicious spot become a Phoenix mainstay!
After eating at the PHX Cheesesteak Co. for the second time in less than a week, I am compelled to write a review.  I had the special both times and added fries and a drink.  The tastiest sandwich I've ever had!  Do yourself a favor and sink your teeth into ribeye sandwich heaven!  Two thumbs UP!

This is NOT your dried out, gray-colored shaved steak strips which need to be slathered in aerosol cheese so you don't choke when swallowing it!

The ribeye meat was so flavorful, juicy and cooked perfectly.  The seasonings on the soft chunks of ribeye keep you coming back for more!  The roll was perfect.  The special came with Blue Cheese chunks, caramelized onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese.  All I know is that it was delicious!  Of course, if you don't like blue cheese there are all types of different combos from which to chose.

The fries:  perfectly done.  Nice and crispy on the outside and soft in the middle--both times.

The owner, Ron, is a great guy.  We went during the off peak hours and were able to talk with him a bit.  Good people.  I hope Guy Fieri or some other food channel celebrity shows up soon to profile this place.  It deserves the attention!
Well this place is just fantastic.  So much so that I had it two days in a row!!!  Brought some co-workers with me the second day and they all agreed!!!

The Phoenix is my new favorite sandwich - and it's great with the chicken!  Everyone else had steak and we all just loved it.
If you are like me, love the sound of Philly Cheesesteak and have never felt fulfilled by their promise and under deliverance. Look no more The Phoenix Cheesesteak Co will blow your tastebuds with their delicious Philly Cheesesteak's done right! I promise you won't regret it! I love these guys so much I brought back all of my co-workers. Nothing but love and great taste!
Pretty cool place. Nicely lit inside and comfortable, too. I had the Westside, but with chedder instead of provolone. I think meant to say cheese whiz but oh well.. next time. The food is really good. i think there's a secret sauce they put in my sandwich that was not listed on the description. The bread is nicely toasted. I was hesitant about eating here because i have acid reflux and that is no fun. I often nap after i eat and laying down and acid reflux don't go well together. Anyway i will go back and get the Westside with Cheese wiz this time...and pop a Prilosec before this time. I highly recommend it.
Just ate the best Philly ever....of course I've never been to Philly but damn!  I ordered the Phoenix and it was the most phenomenal Philly cheese steak sandwich in my life.  The place is very small and casual but they are very clean and modern inside.  Parking in front blows but they also have parking in back.  I challenge you to try this place if you think you know a better place....then message me so I can be the judge!  Ha ha 

I have been trying not to give 5 stars away so easily anymore but I could not resist.  This place deserves 10!
Yelp ratings and reviews really let me down with what to expect from this place.  I'm going to give it a 2 star rating; it's a below average sandwich shop, and they don't have cheesesteaks.

My first impulse was to give it a 1 star, because zero wasn't available, and it was the worst cheesesteak I've ever eaten.  I have had all kinds from around New York, New Jersey, and Philly.  Philly's Best on Central here in Phoenix makes a passable cheesesteak, not the greatest, but at least you can tell what it's suppose to be. Then I realized Phoenix Cheesesteak Factory doesn't make cheesesteaks.  Anyone can Google and confirm, it's obvious by looking at the sandwich it's not a cheesesteak.  And if anyone has ever tasted a real Philly cheesesteak, it's unquestionable that this is nothing like a cheesesteak.  

Two of the three main ingredients are not in this creation.  They use flavored cheese (like southwest flavor in cheese, not cheese flavor).  You can opt for what I believe is generic Cheez Wiz, but they don't use the brand name.  And the meat wasn't what you are suppose to put in a cheesesteak.  You can't substitute something completely and call it the same thing.  "Can I have a Rum and Coke, but with Sprite and Vodka please? And an eggless omelete please." 

To be honest, I was so distracted by the horrible meat that I didn't even notice if they actually used Amoroso or Vilotti-Pisanelli rolls like they should have.  Most important in a cheesesteak is the super-thin sliced meat that is fried and browned perfectly to give that magical amazing cheesesteak flavor and texture was NOT anywhere to be found in this restaurant.   Instead there were big thick hunks for something, sorta grayed, that looked like how you chop up meat to feed to your dog.

Saying the creation by Phoenix Cheesesteak Company is a "Philly cheesesteak" is like throwing sun-dried tomatoes and a slice of American cheese on a tortilla and calling it "Chicago Deep-Dish Pizza."  The choice of ingredients, and every step of the preparation is important in how food tastes.  That's why baked potatoes are different than mashed potatoes, ground chuck is different than new york strip.  All this is lost on the majority of Phoenix, or at least the Yelp reviewers here who seem to say it's the best Philly cheesesteak they ever had. 

Then, they take it a step further, and they season the meat excessively.  The reviews here brag about the "range of sauces" and green chilies, jalapeños, and avocado. Clearly you are talking about a sandwich, maybe some sort of hoagie.  But that's not a cheesesteak. 

What they make at Phoenix Cheesesteak Company is a sandwich of some sort, with cheese on it, and some meat on a long bun.  That alone does not make it a cheesesteak. Not all meat and cheese on a long bun are cheesesteaks.

Calling that sandwich a cheesesteak was like using sliced tomatoes instead of tomato paste for a slice of New York Pizza (which is very different than Chicago Deep Dish, BTW).  You can argue all day about if it's better or worse, but you can't even begin to pretend they are the same thing. 

Even for whatever it was, it was disgusting.  The meat was gristly and had hunks of fat I had to spit out. At least the "plain" one I had was covered with enough seasoning that it tasted like it was freezer burn meat that someone was trying to use jalapeno and chili to hide the taste of the meat gone bad.  I'm not sure what the seasoning was, but whatever it was I had an allergic reaction or something and had extensive ulcers on my tongue before my third bites, but I've never had big sore circles like that on my tongue before. I ended up throwing whatever that sandwich was into the trash, then had to smell the disgusting thing for an hour by my desk until I decide I'd take the trash out to the dumpster to get rid of the smell.

But in the end it was the name of the thing I ordered, and the name of place itself that were totally misleading.  It's not a "cheesesteak company, in Phoenix" at all.  It's a place that has invented something they call the "Phoenix Cheesesteak" that bears very little resemblance to Philly cheesesteak.  If you don't know what a cheesesteak is suppose to be like, maybe think about craving McDonalds french-fries with your Big Mac, and having someone serve you over-seasoned home fries instead, sure, it's a fried potato, but it's not french-fries.

What's next "Phoenix Burger Company" that only serves fish and sliced beef, but no ground beef?
good food but bad customer service experience...not sure if I will go back


dad has been going here and wanted me to try- so we go

I pick up the bill because I am awesome like that, but it asks for a tip

which is odd because I 

1. haven't tried the food yet

2. don't know how the place is run (are they going to SERVE ME or is it just counter I order at like In&Out)



So I tip a few bucks to be nice


Then the food comes and I am told

"we ran out of large rolls so yours got put on a smaller one, but don't worry we put the large amount of meat on it"

so wait....I am getting LESS food and am told don't worry


Would have been nice if the person ringing us up TOLD us they were out while we were placing our order.

And not sure how giving someone LESS food is somehow an acceptable option when serving a customer

Maybe a "here is a small sandwich and an extra half" so you are getting MORE would have been a better choice.

Didn't make a stink because with dad, but not sure how the owner in back would let that fly...
I was actually going to Panda Express when my dining companion spied this place next door and noticed that it was newly opened.  I like philly cheese steak and this seems to be their speciality, so we decided to try it.  The name, of course, is a play on the movie "The Godfather" and the theme is played out with the graphics painted on the wall - the name hangs from the puppeteers strings.  

This place is clean and has an open, airy feel which is welcoming, unlike the guy at the register who sorta glared at us - I guess because we were busy staring at the menu board, but his gruff demeanor continued throughout our transaction.  Much in the same way that Joeys plays on the Chicago roots, this place plays out the philly roots, sometimes a little too much for my taste.  However, at least the menu board describes what "Wit" and Witout" means and they sell all sorts of tastycakes - which really looks like something I might eat if I was having a raging fit of munchies and could not afford the menu prices.  They pretty much follow a recent trend in keeping the menu simple, with only Ribeye steak or Chicken for the philly sandwich, some pizzas, hogies, wings and other stuff.

At the counter was a large, heated display case showing off some of their pizza's.  I was kinda hankering for some pizza, but looking at the display kinda turned me off - the whole pizza's and the slices appeared to have been stored there for several hours as they looked kinda dried out and not very appetizing.  They had a couple of thin-crust chees pizza's and a couple of slices with different meats spread on them, none looked worthy of even tasting for free.

One sandwich did interest me, "The Godfather" Hoagie, as it has all the italian meats that I love, but being a good yelper, I chose to go with their speciality, the philly cheesesteak sandwich.  I had the beef witout and add provolone, small size and an order of onion rings.  The sandwich was okay, a bit dry and flavorless, but after I added some pepperoncini from the bar, it helped.  What was shocking to me was that simply adding provolone cheese added another $4 to my sandwich.  The onion rings were your basic fast-food onion ring and the portion was tiny in relation to price ($4) for a small handfull in a bag.  For three people having 3 small sandwiches, two regular drinks and the onion rings, our order came in at a whopping $26 - a bit rich for me for what we got.
I'm going to echo pretty much what everyone else has said. The employees all seemed to have an attitude. Maybe it's a Philly thing and it's a part of their theme...?  

The place is nice, however, half of the tables needed to be cleaned/wiped down from the last customer and it wasn't busy so... what's the excuse?

The food however was awful. I had the wings as did my wife and they were cold and tasted like the kind you buy in the frozen food section at your local supermarket and then heat up in the microwave... At least they would have been hot if I had done it that way. My son had a slice of cheese pizza which was absolutely gross. It looked like it had been sitting for a day and had zero flavor whatsoever in addition to being like cardboard.

Avoid.
Service was good, food was good, atmosphere was cool...very casual.  I ordered a steak sandwich wit cheese and onions.  This is the way its supposed to come (I don't know because I never have been to Philly but that is what they said).  I thought the sandwich was fantastic!  I wish there was a little more meat but the flavor was great, fries were great and it was worth stopping.  Not sure about the experiences with the other Yelpers but I did watch a show on a famous Philly place and they had attitude so maybe its the way it but I did not experience it.
I had noticed a new place had opened in the corner of the mall on the Northeast corner of the mall at Shea and Tatum.  It is interesting, I have lived in the neighborhood for ten years and have noticed a decade of transition for restaurateurs in one corner of the mall behind Z Teja and Paradise Bakery.  Most of the restaurants only stay for a number of months and are out.......................

I believe that Corleone's has staying power.  I decided to try it out yesterday and had a terrific Philly cheese steak sandwich (made with Mozzarella as an option!).  The fries were high end typical restaurant fries - tasty!  They also serve pizza, salads, sandwiches, etc.

The atmosphere was somewhat kitschy with a Philadelphia tie in.  The big cheese whiz cans attached from the ceiling brought a smile to my face.

The food was really quite good.  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere is great for kids as well as adults.  The music was loud (maybe too loud for some), but overall I am grateful that I can have a great pizza and sandwich at a reasonable price (since my former favorite neighborhood restaurant took a slight dive in taste and subsequent ratings).

See you again tonight for the $9.99 - 18" pizza.
These are definitely the best cheesesteaks outside of Philadelphia!  

I am not sure why the reviews aren't that good other than the reviewers must not know what a true Philly cheesesteak is supposed to be.  Believe me, I grew up in PA, so I have eaten my fair share of Philly cheesesteaks.

The restaurant are clean, the staff is extremely friendly and the food is delicious!
I don't get how this place isn't rated better... I had an AWESOME original Philly wit wiz and onions.  My Sis-in-law had a buffalo chicken sandwich, that she really enjoyed.  The servers were so nice, they visited and brought a water gun for my nephew.  Great food, really nice people, five stars!
We had a Philly steak and a Philly chicken and both were fantastic. My wife loved the fries, I thought they were okay. They are very crispy so it's probably just a matter of preference. The restaurant was very clean and the staff was friendly, we will definitely return.

Update: we returned the next day for two more philly steaks - yum!  While there I noticed someone getting a pizza and it looked great.  We returned again the next day and got a pizza and it was fantastic!  

Also, they offered a nice toy to my son which made him a big fan - nice touch!  Highly recommend this place.
They are growing on me. My favorite Cheese steak place is Philadelphia Sandwich company in Old town. But Corleones just opened here and it's close AND they deliver. Been twice and food was good. And they do their fries well done. Unlike 5 Guys right around the corner in the same parking lot. Plus Corleones has an old Philly favorite- Tastykakes! YAY!!
Decided to try out Corleone's this evening, as I had noticed it last time I was in this shopping center.  They were super busy when I walked in, a guy apologized and said he would be with me asap, and he was hauling ass so I didn't mind.  They were understaffed and didn't have a cashier.

I ordered a small (which was more like a regular-sized) cheesesteak with onions and american cheese, fries, and a soda.  Came out to about ten bucks as a combo with tax.  It was ready fairly quickly.  They had a small bar with pickles, banana peppers, giardiniera,  and what might have been pickled cherry peppers.  The sandwich was good, the bread was nice and soft, good chunks of grilled onion.  The fries were crispy and yummy.  Overall I enjoyed it, and I will be back again.
Pizza is great here, affordable, and fast. Friendly staff. I love the the cheesesteaks and sandwiches even more.  One of my favorite buffalo chicken cheesesteaks/sandwiches I've ever head, just the right amount of spicy!  I come here at least once a week and will continue.  My only complaint is the fans here are on super warp speed and tend to blow any loose papers or napkins around easily on your table.
When this location first opened, I thought they were great.  My last few orders, however, have been sub par, and the order that was delivered last week sealed the deal - I won't be ordering from this place again.  Last week's order consisted of fries, a cheesesteak and a pizza.  The order was delivered to my home, and when I opened the bag, the fries were literally dripping in grease.  So soggy you could squeeze the oil out.  Pretty much the worst fries I've ever seen from any caliber restaurant from fast food to high end, and completely inedible.  The pizza was so-so, and it looks like they changed something, maybe the cheese?  My three year old LOVES pizza and normally devours several slices - he picked at one slice and didn't even finish it.   I too am from the East Coast, and have had Philly cheesesteaks.  The cheesesteak I was delivered was not worthy of the title.  I notice other reviewers who actually dine-in at the restaurant enjoyed their food.  Maybe they just need to pay more attention to their delivery orders, or not offer delivery if they can't meet the same quality standards.
I have eaten at Corleone's previously and liked their food.  I ordered delivery through Eat24 this evening.  After placing my order, I received confirmation that the order would be delivered in 45 to 60 minutes.  After 65 minutes, I contacted Eat24, asking about the order.  The Eat24 representative indicated that he had been told that the order would take an ADDITIONAL 30 to 45 minutes to deliver!  At that point I indicated that I would cancel the order.  Apparently the Eat24 representative spoke again with the manager and by some miracle, the order would be delivered in 10 minutes.  So, the order did arrive in 10 minutes, but the person delivering was not apologetic for the delay and blamed the regular driver for the problem.  When I opened the order, it was incorrect.  I believe they need to work on their delivery problems before they offer this service if they cannot delivery a quality product in a timely manner.
I decided to try Corleone's Friday nite.  I was whining that there was no one out here who could make a good east coast pie with a thin crust.  The guy said he was from Jersey and that the pie would be great.  It looked like pizza hey I'm from New Have home of the best Pizza in the world.  When I bit it to my first piece I could have wept.  It was fantastic. Prices are amazingly reasonable and I am so happy that I found you guys!!!
This place is decent.  I would recommend the chicken cheesesteak and pass on the fries; the fries aren't that great.  Kids liked the chicken nuggets.
We found out this location is a nice walk from our home for a peacefull diner.  The food is great as is the staff.  

Our last visit included hotwings.  While they tasted great, there needed to be some more heat.  The only other thing is they need pitchers of beer.
Was feeling in the mood for some NY style pizza, and this seems to be the only place anywhere close to my house that has a 16+ incher for a non-retarded price.

Well, got the pizza and it's just so-so. Asked for extra sauce, and though the guy repeated that in my order it doesn't seem to have it. Doesn't matter anyway, as the sauce tastes like what you'd get in spaghetti-os. They also douse the top of the pizza with some not-very-good spice combination, so you can barely taste the cheese or crust.

Oh well; guess that's what I get for wanting NY pizza from a place all about Philly.
If I could give this place no stars I would. Here is the story of my awful experience.

 I work near by this Corleone's and it's convenient to have a place that delivers since leaving for meals isn't always an option. We have ordered from Corleone's before and even though the price is WAY to steep for what you're getting we make the exception from time to time. Well this time I wish we would have just ordered a friggen pizza from up the street. I placed an order for delivery at 5:30pm. My place of business is about 15 minutes away, I was told when placing the order that it would take 45min to and hour, I figured "eh they're busy so it'll take a little longer" and brushed it off. After 1.5 hours passed I called back and spoke to the young lady who answered the phone. She let me know that the driver had just left and would be arriving any minute. A little peeved about the delay but still I understand what it's like to get busy and fall behind so I let that go. After ANOTHER 30 minutes pass we make another call and we are given nothing but excuses, that the delivery driver has been having car trouble etc. When asked to speak with the manager on shift I was placed on hold for 10 minutes. Now with all the time I wasted screwing around I could have had dinner from somewhere else by now and be done with it, but my card had already been charged according to the young lady on the phone. After being on hold for 10 minutes I hung up and called back. I shared a few words with the staff there about the incredibly long wait for my food and knowing that it has now been in a car for delivery for AT LEAST 45 minutes I asked for a refund of my money, the young lady complied with a refund and to bring fresh food for the inconvenience. Moments later a delivery driver shows up with a pizza in hand and announces that he was lost for 30 minutes, and instead of  calling just continued to drive around. Now, I didn't order a pizza only sandwiches were ordered. So he showed up TWO HOURS LATER WITH THE WRONG ORDER!I let him know that we had new food being prepared at that time. He replied with an attitude that he had to go back to the restaurant to get our meal, and it was his fault in the first place! At this point a coworker called into Corleones to even confirm any of our order information. The person on the phone began to argue with her, and told her that our meal couldn't be prepared because the kitchen was closed!! 

Needless to say this was BY FAR the worst customer service/dining experience I have ever had. I will NEVER be eating here again, and I will be disputing any charges made to my credit card through my bank. How this establishment is still in business with a work ethic such as this is beyond me. Save yourself the trouble, if you want any food in this genre just order Streets of New York.
This review is based on my most recent visit to Corleone's. I was greeted by the cashier who didn't seem too thrilled to be working. I ordered a cheeses teak sandwich wit onions and cheez whiz since they say this is the traditional PHILLY way to order a cheese steak sandwich. The sandwich came with fries and a drink. 

This steak sandwich looked very tasty with the cheese oozing out of the sandwich. The french fries were awesome and had a nice crunch to them. Onto the sandwich....I thought it had a good amount of meat but the imitation cheez whiz didn't do it for me and waaay too salty!

I noticed a few other guests were ordering the pizza and that looked amazing. I will give Corleone's another chance but next time I will try the pizza or swap out the cheeze whiz and replace provolone cheese.
This Jersey pizza snob has finally found a great pizza in Phoenix! Nice to be able to enjoy local instead of waiting to travel back east. And delivers too!
My husband I love this place for a few reasons. 1-they deliver! 2-original philly cheese steak sandwich! We also love their wings! We usually get delivery but we've eaten inside a few times too. Haven't had anything I didn't like so far (knock on wood)
We wanted pizza and wings delivered at 11:00. We were told they started delivering at 11:00 but would do the best they could. 11;03.....hot pizza and wings at our office.  And both were delicious!   They were super helpful and nice.  Our new go to pizza place for the office!
Best and most authentic Philly Cheese Steak in Phoenix!  
And they have Peroni!
Try it!
Only downside-  no table service. Bummer for those of us who want more than one Peroni.
Average at best - nothing separates this food joint from a run of the mill fast food. We only tried Philly cheese steaks and salads. Great Decor and clean are the best attributes. No reason to hurry back...
We have gone to this establishment a total of 4 times.  3 of the 4 has produced in inaccurate orders.  We are entertained by the theme but extremely annoyed by the service.  We have never ordered anything off the menu but these cooks seem to not know their own menu.  Additionally we ordered a combo, drink, fries and sandwich for myself but when my husband did the same thing but said he wanted a beer the clerk charged him for a beer and drink.  We realized the mistake after we ordered as my husband only wanted a beer, no other drink the clerk said belligerently we asked for both.  Really?  Isn't that his job to ask about what drink he wanted?  So why was 3 drinks appropriate for 2 diners?  Regardless we paid and have remembered to never go back.
Ordered online from Tatum store at 6:30, expected delivery by 7:30.  I called store at 8:00 and told the order was out for delivery and should be there any moment. I cancelled order at 8:20. Almost 2 hours and poor attitudes on the phone....must be so busy they didn't need my order.   I received an online survey request and happily obliged.  Manager/owner sends an email and says they never received my order and that's the reason for the mix up.  Offered a gift card, which I appreciated and declined.  I live less than 5 minutes from this store. Will not return.
Can not pay for delivery with a Corleone's gift card so  REALLY!!  had to go pick up got there late still had to wait 15-20 min the guy on the phone was cool but the bottom line the pizza taste like card board and the wings put it this way i got 48 wings and 2 large pizza's for 6 people they all had a slice and a wing or two after that no one would touch it bottom line Corleone's sucks!!!
Right off the bat, I want to let everyone know that I enjoy their food. However, as with most of the other Yelpers, I have to agree that the service is lackluster at best. 

As for the food, I really enjoy their Turkey BLT sandwich and their cheese fries- soo good! And by the way- they have buy one get one free regular sized sandwiches after 4PM on Tuesdays, meaning that two sandwiches, two drinks, and two bags of chips are only around $10. Slammin' deal. 

However, each and every single time my boyfriend and I come here there is ALWAYS an issue with the service. 

For example, one Tuesday we came here and ordered the BOGO sandwiches. Mine was the Turkey BLT with everything on it and his was the Turkey BLT minus the lettuce and tomato. We waited nearly 50 minutes to get our food which was absolutely outrageous considering that there were maybe 4 other occupied tables in the restaurant. Not to mention when the food came out, my boyfriend's sandwich had lettuce scraps on it (the lettuce is shredded). No, they didn't put lettuce on by mistake and leave it there, they put it on the sandwich, must have realized that it was incorrect and then haphazardly picked it off. This is what really bothered me. If you make something incorrectly, make it again. For all they know, he could have had an allergy to the lettuce (which he doesn't, but still the same principle applies) and he could have gone into anaphylactic shock. Not cool. Whatsoever. But since he's not allergic to lettuce, he just spent a good five minutes picking the remnants away. 

Another Tuesday we came here, and it was a night where the Flyers (Philadelphia's NHL team) were playing in the first round of the playoffs. The place was at about 1/4 capacity. Being a Philadelphia-oriented restaurant, we were shocked to see telenovelas playing on TV. So, after we ordered, I got back in line and waited my turn to get to the front counter. Once I got there, I politely asked the guy working there if when he had a chance if he could turn on the Flyers game. He looked me dead in the face and said "Yeeeeeah, that's probably not going to happen..." Shocked, I said ok and walked back to our booth. One of the patrons behind me must have said something to the guy because he walked over to our table and mentioned something about how he told him what channel the game was on. So rude and belittling. Not to mention we waited another 30 minutes for our food. 

The third time we came here, my boyfriend ordered cheese fries to go and THAT'S IT! He waited 25 minutes for french fries and a cup of cheese wiz. Really? And not to mention, they must have sat the to-go bag down on a wet counter because as we were carrying the fries into our house from the car, the soaked bottom of the bag tore and our fries ended up on the floor. Really not cool. At all. 

Overall the service sucks, but the food is good. Oh, and just a tip for you guys, if you feel like you're going to want Corleone's for lunch, order it at 9:30 AM for it to be ready on time.
We visited Corleone's for the first time tonight because it was 50% off everything when you show your smart shopper card.  We got a large pizza (which can comfortably feed at least four adults) and 1 dozen BBQ wings with 1 dozen mild wings, topped off with a pitcher of Kiltlifter.  They have two beers on tap - Miller and Kiltlifter and four-ish types of bottled beers that are mostly of the Bud Lite variety.  

The pizza was delicious -- large, hot and with a warm crust that was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The chicken wings were good -- I'm not generally a chicken wing person but I loved these.  

The staff were friendly and accessible.
Decided to give them another shot.  Family in town and they wanted a cheesesteak.   Ordered at 6:00 I gave up and cancelled at 8:00.  Just left the house for Panda Express.   Someone please tell them to stop their delivery service.
Great sandwiches but with attitude.  I'll return because the quality is great but I think the place next to Vig could improve on greater customer Svc and a sensitivity to building it's base.
Just left this place and the steak sandwich was horrible ! The only way your going to be able the eat this is if your hungover! I will not be visiting the place again! Yuck
Great lunch, quick subs and as unhealthy as you can get, but WAY WAY WAY better than that dump Philly Cheesesteak was! Talk about nasty. Big B's is great quality, decent prices, and an awesome after hours hang out!
Was excited after a night on the town this past weekend to go to one of my favorite cheesesteak spots in Arizona. Call it temporary insanity or ADHD, but i did not even notice the place was renovated, at first i thought to myself, "good for them.." but i kind of liked the hipster look, well the new setup is neo hispters anyway.  I was excited as always to get my hoagie..  yeah.. not what i was expecting, it was as if they outsourced their quality control to China or India.  The bread was certainly not up to par, meat was not as tender as i remembered, the cheese.. well it was ok.  It all made sense when someone told me the old owner left and someone else took the spot.  Not coming back.
Why did Philadelphia sandwich company move? I went into this big b's hangover hammered on  a sat night, noticing the joint had changed ownership (all tjhe wall dollars are gone)....decided I was already here and didn't want to walk to the old/new Philadelphia sandwich company (which is actually a 5 minute drunk walk around the corner) so I tried the food, and it was awful...I shoulda gone with my gut and walked over to phillys, where the food and music is awesome & the crowd is always entertaining.
Rate this place based on it's name! The food is only good if you're hung over. My family went here for a cheap and quick dinner of junk food. For what we expected, it was just fine. Large menu of cheese steaks and hotdogs. The cheese steak was dry, but the cheese and bread were good. The fries were good.
HORRIBLE customer service!  A friend and I went here yesterday for lunch and we both got screwed on the price and change.  I ordered 2 sliders, tater tots and a large drink which should have come up to $10 plus tax.  The cashier says $15.56 so I gave her $16 hesitantly and asked for a receipt.  She said she couldn't give receipts but that it was only $13.56 so handed me back $1.25.  They only have quarters so she couldn't give me the rest of my $.44 change.  I didn't realize until after I left I should have gotten another dollar back as well.  Oops!  After I got my change I re-calculated the total in my head and was sure she charged me wrong,  I asked her about it again and she was extremely rude and said she wasn't going to argue with me since she didn't overcharge me.  She helped other guests and then went and got the manager from next door.  She reprinted my receipt and handed it to me saying "see I didn't overcharge you".  Actually she did, she charged me for 2 large drinks instead of 1, so that was an extra $2.50 I paid.  They gave me my money back and did apologize but it was sarcastic.  My friend also got shorted $.06 in change but she didn't want to say anything since they were so rude.  

Either the cashier had no clue what she was doing or the management is very shady and trained her to be that way.  It they are keeping a few cents change from each customer, that can really add up.  

Food overall wasn't horrible.  Best part was the bread on the sliders though.  Meat was cheap, tater tots were greasy and cheap tasting too.  I guess I expected better being in Scottsdale surrounded by so many great restaurants.  

This place won't last long.  Much better places within walking distances.  Don't waste your time or money here.
absolutely awful, the food was sub par, and the service was awful, they gave my order to the wrong people and it took them forever to realize it. i would not recommend this place for anything, let alone the world famous cheesesteak.
Was hoping for a better experience. The reason it gets only one star is because my pet peeve is cold food. Our whole meal was cold. Plus the key ingredient for steaks and hoagies is the roll. It was terrible. Server didn't give a rip. Won't be back.
The mac&cheese bites are amazing dipped in ranch! Perfect late night snack!
Sweet potato tots dipped in mustard is another great option.
Okay FUCK THIS PLACE!! My friends and I came here not knowing philly sandwich co. had relocated. We had already walked all the way down from the other side of old town so we said "Why not?" even though the sandwiches are fucking 8 bucks plus...ridiculous. So we order, and my friends get their sandwiches within five minutes. I waited at least ten for mine- the place wasn't even busy and the girl was just letting it sit there while she brought out other orders that were placed after mine. I made eye contact with her several times before saying anything and she still didn't do anything. When I said "What happened?" she said "What did you order?" and then she finally brought it. I don't know if she thought she was being cute or what- but it wasn't even that good- fine for food after drinking, when you're hungry, but any other time-no. The worst part is that I TIPPED HER. Fucking bitch. It will take no time at all for this business to tank. Wish we had known that Philly was just around the corner. :/ Whore. I hope karma will give it to you in spades when you're out of a job!!!
Hangover food is right. Actually, it should be drunk food. Because it's only good if you're drunk.

My husband and I came in for lunch. He got a cheesesteak and I had the Italian. The bread, which is critical for a cheesesteak, was your typical food service hoagie roll. Blah. The meat on my Italian was fine, but they bathe the thing in cheap Italian dressing. Really? I thought when you said Italian dressing, it'd be like normal hoagie dressing - oil, spices - in other words, good. Sigh. My husband's cheesesteak, was just meh. Meat was fine, the peppers undercooked (probably thrown on the same time as the steak), and the cheese melted. I know he didn't really like it because there was about half the sandwich left when he threw it away.

The nicest thing I can say about this place is the Diet Coke was hardcore carbonated, just the way I like it.
I came here in the middle of the afternoon. It's used to be a cheesesteak shop, which has since moved around the corner somewhere. Coming to Big B's middle of the afternoon, place was Dead sober, empty. I was the only customer, bad sign #1. The girl at the counter looked bored out of her skull, and pretty unenthusiastic in her service and demeanor overall. not unpleasant though. 

Tip: If u order water, get bottled water. The water from the fountain machine tastes like... Lead or some kind of metal. It almost made me vomit. 

I got 2 sliders and a bag of chips. The sliders were, "meh" - better off getting cheeseburger from McDonald's.. The place has a new name, new signs, but food is still not very good. They do have cheesesteaks, but since I'm guessing that the same recipe/methods are used for their cheesesteaks, I didn't get one. I don't think I'll be coming back again, not even for late night greasy food. Don't know how this place survives, maybe it's location alone is the reason.
Gourmet Command Center came out to feed our hungry auction customers, and Bernie, Cindie, and the whole family are just great!  Excellent and professional service.  YUMMY, hot, and fresh made food!  Great prices and wide selection of choices!  It just doesn't get any better than this...and I haven't even mentioned the head-turning TRUCK!  Gourmet Command Center is a class act, and I would recommend them to anyone!
~Cheryl Todd
AZFirearms.com & Pot Of Gold Estate Liquidations, LLC
Avondale, AZ
I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak, Chorizo Burger and Sweet Potato Fries with Maple syrup dipping sauce..I have never been to Philly but I bet the cheesesteaks with chez wiz are pretty damn close..I'm not a big fan of sweet potatoes but these fries we're great with the maple sauce..The real star of this show was the Chorizo Burger..it's a burger made outta Chorizo..Hello!..Awesome!..Hope they come to Tucson soon!
Stomach and tongue give it two thumbs up!
Italian Philly was the final choice after a long eliminations process from the menu.
After receiving my meal, I felt as if once again my eyes were bigger than my stomach. I was starting to slow down half way through the sandwich, but my taste buds wouldn't let me put down this flavorful Philly until it was all gone.
I also had a chance to steal a couple bites of their pulled pork sandwich. Those bites will make my next eliminations even tougher!
Great food, great service, wish I lived closer.
We've eaten at GCC about 3 or 4 times now.  2 times at the Gilbert Food Truck Court on a Friday night.  1 time at the Encanto Home Tour.  And the last time at this past First Friday on Roosevelt Row.  

Sandwiches I've tried - 
Gourmet Chorizo Burger, The New Yorker, and the Philly
Sides - 
Seasoned Fries, and the Cheeseballs.

Everything we've had and ordered has been great.  But they must have been off their game this past  FF on RR.  My parts of my Philly were cold on the inside.  And the fries we ordered were slightly cold too.  We ordered the cheeseballs again and this time we asked them to leave the honey mustard sauce off.  Instead I used some hot sauce (tapitio) and we got a side of blue cheese dressing.  That combo was pretty good!  J said the gal seemed kinda put off that we altered the balls.  But whatever.  

Again, maybe this Friday they were having an off night.  We'll probably return to GCC, but i think it will be a while before we do.
Huge fan of the Philly! You must try the Rattler or ask for a side of the rattler relish.. You will wake in the middle of the night thinking about this combination.. The cheese balls are a must try but today they went quick!~  I hope they're able to make it to my side of town more often!
Amazing amazing new York style pizza! White pizza, delicious. Chicken fingers are to die for with  "those guys pies" sriracha sauce!
The food is great.  I agree with the other Yelpers about that.

First time I ordered, they put ingredients in the pizza that I asked to hold off on even though I confirmed twice during the ordering process to get it right.  They also forgot sauces that I paid extra for.  No biggie, I decided it's tasty enough to order from again.

Second time I ordered, they got the order totally wrong and brought the wrong pizza.  I don't know how the girl who took the order mixed up the pizza names.  I literally repeated the order three times and even asked her to confirm.  

OK fine, they attempted to fix the situation by delivering the correct pizza within 10 minutes but it was undercooked, clumpy and cooked in haste.

They really need to step up their professionalism and order taking skills.  

I'm not sure if I'll order from them ever again.  I'll update if I do.
Those guys do a great pie, authentic, fresh ingredients and great sauce, the best in Vegas. The cheesesteaks are as good as anything in Philly, wit wiz, shredded rib eye,  fantastic bread,  I cant wait to go back!
I have eaten here twice.  First time got the Philly and it was great.  Hard to find a good philly in this town.  Heard the pizza was amazing so I went back a second time.  They didn't lie.  The pizza was great.  I got the White pizza. Thin crust just the way I like it and great flavor.  It wasn't the hottest but that was my fault because I drove it across town.  I'll drive back across town to eat here again in a heart beat.
I got a very nice message from the owner so I decided to order again.

They got the order correctly and delivered promptly.  Their food is still amazing and have become a favorite delivery spot for whenever out of towners come to visit.

My visitors always love their pies and chicken fingers!
Got a flyer for this place and decided to try it out based on all the 5-star reviews and the fact that it's so close to home. I have to say it was pretty darn good. I had an original cheesesteak which was very tasty. I'm not sure it was 5-star tasty, I'll have to try some more stuff (pizza) before I give them that additional star. Service was very fast and friendly. I'll definitely be back.
AMAZING!!!  We are super picky about Pizza and this place is nothing but excellent!  We ordered a large pizza and wings and the entire meal was delicious!  Fresh ingredients, and the owners (and staff) were very friendly!  Should have taken a photo but couldn't wait to eat!  Will definitely be back :)
We were excited to try a new pizza place, even more so when we heard it was from the same guys at Secret Pizza at the Cosmo. Really wanted to like this place, but it was not meant to be. The mishaps started when we tried to call ahead for pickup. The first time we called it went to a voicemail box after several rings with no way to leave a message (not that we would anyway). We double checked that the number was correct and that they should be open. The same thing happened with the second call. I don't know what possessed us to try yet again, but the third time our call was answered. Not an auspicious start... What a great way to lose a lot of potential business from less tenacious, potential customers.

We ordered the Italian white pizza ($22) and a spinach salad ($7) and were told it would be ready in 30 minutes. I arrived about 35 minutes later and was told my order was not quite ready yet. As I was paying for my order, I noticed that they were just putting my pizza into the oven. WTH? Really? I guess that's a new personal first... When we get pizza from anywhere else, we are told 20 minutes (sometimes 30 minutes if it's prime time on Fri night), and when we show up it is usually ready or occasionally comes out of the oven a couple minutes after arrival. Here, I proceeded to wait another 10 minutes for the pizza to be cooked and then another 5 minutes of so for them to construct the spinach salad. So basically, it took another 15 minutes after I arrived for my order to be ready for a total time of 50 minutes from when I called. It should go without saying that it shouldn't take 50 minutes to prepare your take-out pizza order. Even if that was acceptable, they shouldn't tell you 30 minutes, only for you to show up and wait significantly longer. It wasn't like they were busy. I was the only customer there until this other guy showed up to pick up his pizza which they just started to put in the oven as I was leaving. I guess I'm not the only one...

We were hoping that after all this, at least the food would be worth the wait. Not by a long shot... Although it smelled pretty good, the pizza crust was undercooked so we stuck it in the oven for another 5 minutes. Despite this, the pizza crust was quite soggy in the middle and pretty greasy throughout. The broccoli rabe topping was tough, and the homemade sausage was nothing special. My wife commented that she would rather have Dom DeMarco's pizza, and she doesn't even like their pizza! Of note, they included tiny containers of red pepper flakes, oregano, and parmesan which was a nice touch. The spinach salad was even more disappointing. It was lined with an anemic pita (not included in the salad description) and contained a relatively small amount of wilted, soggy spinach dressed with some bacon lardons, goat cheese, and candied almonds.

We'll be sticking with our tried and true, Rocco's Pizza, where the crust is cooked properly, it's not too greasy, the toppings taste better, it's ready in 20 minutes, and it even costs less ($18). Sorry, Those Guys Pies. I just tell it how it is, and you've got a long way to go.
My company ordered some pizzas from Those Guys Pies after hearing about it through some friends.  The pizza was delivered on time and still hot which was a great start.  I love NY style thin crust pizza so I was excited to try this!

We had 3 different specialty pies delivered so there were some options to try.  We had the White Pie, Meat Pie, and the Maui Wowie.  All the slices I tried were delicious and flavorful.  I especially liked the White Pie with the ricotta and garlic on it.  They also included some red chili flakes, parmesan cheese, oregano, and garlic powder in small containers with was an excellent touch and made the pizza taste that much better.

I would definitely order from Those Guys Pies again and get a White Pie and maybe try something new.  Their chicken fingers look awesome with all the sauces they offer.  

Thanks Those Guys Pies, you'll be hearing from me again soon!
So last night I finally got over to this place that I heard about from friends with this real deal New York style pizza. As I walked in I was greeted by one of the owners named Roy. We talked a little bit about the place and what items were great. I knew my wife was going to be picky so I got her a Half Pepperoni and I went for the White. Drove home and was sooo impressed by the pizza. Full of flavor garlicky, soft ricotta cheese wonderful. I stole a piece of my wife's and was stoked. The pepperoni wasn't that rinky dinky crap you get from every other pizza place in town, nice large slices. I plan on going back this week for Cheese Steaks and Wings... I will let you know how that one goes as well.
Always excited to try a new pizza place, met my trusty yelp friend Kevin P for a round of pizza and we arrived to find this place to be delivery/carryout only. Bummer. We decided to order our own pizza and take it home. I ordered half Maui Wowie (house made bacon, pineapple, pickled jalapenos) other half was The Big Sexy (sausage, pepperoni, bacon) a 14" was $15.  When the pie was ready, they saw how excited I was to dig in, so they offered us half of a table so we could sit and enjoy the pizza hot. I really like the flavors of all the fresh ingredients. They make all their meat and mozzarella in house. Loved the pickled jalapenos. Traded a piece of Kevin's cheesesteak pie (that happens to be made with certified angus beef), this had great flavor.  The pizzas came with a side of crushed red pepper, onion salt, parmesan cheese, and oregano and a side of ranch. As we were injoying our pizza, we got to talking with Sean, one of the owners, and he filled us in on the background, clarifying that they are not affiliated with Secret Pizza. Also he said they have plans in the future to expand so they will have a dining area. As a departing gift, he had us try the maple mascarpone cheesecake, this was a perfect ending to dinner, this was delicious!
Best pizza in west Las Vegas. Great idea to separate the wing components and to provide a plastic bag to mix the chicken and wing sauce at home. Enjoyed a basic pepperoni and house made italian sausage. Just the right ratio between sauce, cheese and toppings. 
Sorry Rocco this will be our new go to pizza joint!
I have had a chance to eat from Those Guys Pies a couple of times already since their soft opening, both times were absolutely delicious!  I am a huge meatball pizza fan, but am incredibly picky and hadn't found an easy place to get one from that is good. Their meatball and sausage ingredients blew me out of the water for sure. Definite give them a try!
Awesome Pizza
Heading home from a movie last night, my son and I decided that pizza would be a good choice for dinner and I steered the car towards Grimaldi's when I remembered that I wanted to try this place after reading about it on Yelp and Eater Vegas.  We always order the same pizza:  half mushroom for me, half pepperoni for him and we went with the regular size, which yields 8 slices.  There were no other customers in the 20 minutes or so that we were there around 8:00pm, but the service was friendly.  It's basically a store-front operation in the same Lakes plaza that houses the King & I Thai and Go Raw Cafe.  I don't know if it was because it was Sunday or what, but it was deserted at the whole place.  Regardless, the 10 minute drive home was difficult with the aroma of the pizza and two starving people in the same car.  The pizza itself was fine; my son and I agreed it was too greasy for our tastes.  Some people like that, but we don't.  Good crust, though.  In the end, I still like Grimaldi's and Dom De Marco's more.
Fantastic pizza! Great quality ingredients and you can taste the difference. A friend of mine and I had the spicy Italian red pizza and it was delicious. Met the owner and after hearing him describe how they make the cheesesteak I'm definitely trying one next time.

There's one small table inside and a couple at the edge of the shopping center near the water. I recommend take or delivery.
Great White Pizza!  Great Philly Cheese Steak!  Staff was great and we chatted while I waited for my pizza!  I was driving quite a ways before I would get home to enjoy this delicious pizza, they told me to keep the lid cracked on the box so the crust wouldn't get soggy from the steam!  Yum!  Yum!  I cannot wait until they open one of these locations in Henderson!  I should also add the the guy who makes the Philly Cheese Steaks is from that area!  So they are legit Cheese Steaks!  :)
That was THE BEST cheesesteak sandwich I've eaten.  Warning - if you like sandwiches on the dry side this one isn't for you.  But if, like me, you love your cheesesteak to be juicy and delicious then you might want to check this place out.
Had half a sandwich with provolone and half with whiz.  Both with onions.  I'd go with the Whiz.  I used to prefer my cheesesteak with provolone but after eating this delicious whiz sandwich I see why those fellows in Philly love the Whiz.
Some seriously good eats.
Great pizza!  The dough was perfect!  As soon as I walked in the place I knew I'd be back. It's a must try!
This place had fast delivery however the food was horrible.  I read these reviews and ordered the Spicy Italian Red and an original cheese steak and they were horrible.  Entirely flavorless, the cheese steak was soggy and bland.  Unfortunately I found the reviews misleading and probably wont be ordering from there anytime soon.
Cheesesteak was incredible! Will come back just for that. People complaining about service should just relax .. When a small place like this gets a rush, you're going to wait a bit longer .. Hope to try pizza soon
As a former resident of both New York and New Haven, I have avoided pizza in Las Vegas because I generally ended up disappointed when I didn't.  But with the election season--the four debates and election night--I was craving pizza to eat while glued to the television. After seeing the "Those Guys Pies" mention in 89117 Magazine, I checked Yelp and decided to try them. We ordered takeout last night--one meatball/onion pie and one Italian white pie. I was thrilled to find that both were delicious. Tasty toppings, tasty crusts. I still know I'm not back East, but, for once, I was not disappointed. I'm glad that I now have go-to pizza, and it's even close to home.
Delicious!!!  Absolutely no complaints, except maybe that I wish I could have fit more slices in my tummy!  Thanks GUYS!
I had been meaning to try the pizza since a recent Yelp event where they were giving it out. Simply put, this is really good pizza. If you don't fell lik making the trek out to Henderson, but you feel like pizza on a friday night with a good movie and beer, this is your place. 

I tried a pizza with salami and mushrooms and it was delicious. Quality ingredients for an under 15 dollars pizza? Yes please!
This is the best cheesesteak in vegas.

I'm from the philadelphia area, so I'll break it down for all my fellow cheesesteak experts on what their cheesesteak is like:

Cheese- choice of whiz, provolone, or white american. I ordered whiz, it was mixed into the meat, not poured on top, making an equal cheese-meat ratio

Meat- good quality angus beef. Cooked perfectly, but not crusty. Finely chopped, not served in a big hunk like at Geno's. On the juicy rather than greasy side. 

Onions- sliced thinly, not diced. These are probably the thinnest sliced onions I've had on a cheesesteak.

Roll- the roll was, hands down, the best part. Perfectly soft and crusty. A+++++++ for the roll. No sesame seeds on the roll.

They have a number of options for cheesesteaks, such as hoagie style (with lettuce and tomato),  pizza steak (marinara sauce) and an italian steak with provolone and broccoli rabe (a la tony luke's, they have a similar sandwich there).

Also, they NEVER refer to a cheesesteak as a Philly.

I can't wait to try the pizza. but the cheesesteak was totally baller.
Pizza is so subjective, but this is my favorite pizza delivery in Vegas by far.  The ingredients all are good quality and it's cooked east coast style, so the crust is not too thick or thin.  Couple of other New York style places on the far west side in Summerlin, but this one is definitely better.  They don't skimp on the toppings either.  Also, the girl who took my order was friendly and competent and the delivery guy was courteous and friendly.
It's funny how things change as the years of our lives pass by. 

I can remember, with vivid clarity, how obsessed I was in my college years about pizza. We spent just about every night out, me and the boys, which would almost always end at someone's pad with Sports Center and pizza. There would be a ten minute debate, each of us making a case for toppings and our favorite pizza joint, until a consensus was reached and an order was placed. Then we would all dig deep for crumpled bills and pocket change to cover the pie (and a little something for the driver).

I could eat almost a whole pie back then, most of us could. But after a long night of partying and spending  way too much money buying drinks for that cute chick in the corner (who was never going to give me her number anyway), the few bucks we had left wasn't going to get us more than a couple of slices each. So when the pizza finally arrived, it would be half gone by the time the delivery guy closed the door (you didn't want to be the guy paying the driver, trust me).

The funny thing is, back then I don't think it really mattered where we got the pizza from or what we ordered on top. When all was said and done and the grease stained box lay empty on the living room floor, each of us would lie back and sound out a deep, satisfying groan of pleasure, as if we had just devoured the tastiest treat on planet Earth. Night after night, pizza after pizza - and each time with the same satisfying moan and a big smile.

And then one day we suddenly realize (as if the past 20 years caught us asleep at the wheel) that we are actually driving 20 miles across town, through rush hour traffic and lights on a mission to destroy us, all the time conflicted about whether we should even try parking  or just pay the $5 for valet, then zigzagging a half a mile through crowds and crowds of bewildered tourists stopping at every little sparkling thing they see, then up three long  flights of escalators, stuck behind some woman who is clearly unaware that the ocean of perfume she bathed in that day is causing the wallpaper to peel (cough!) -  just to grab a slice from the only place we swear we will ever eat pizza from again.

My how things do change.

So now's the time for some good news - if you live on the West side (or if you're up for a drive) stop by Those Guys Pies. It's everything you used love about Secret Pizza (apparently the guy is over here now), without the hassle that is the Cosmopolitan.
Roy love your pizza, cheesesteaks and wings.... I have enjoyed cheese whiz in many years. Dont miss the grilled veggie sandwich it was off the charts. Delivery always on time.
I normally do not do this but I had too because they deserve it.  

I heard so many good things about this place I had to try it. Besides the owner being from South Jersey and myself too it was a must to try.

Well, the pepperoni pizza, cheesesteak and veggie sandwich was delicious....and no I did not eat all this myself. I use to think Caps had the best cheesesteak for Vegas....NO MORE!

STOP...reading these reviews and pick up the phone and place your order...you will not be disappointed. This place ROCKS!!

All the best!
Ordered the Big Sexy. Lots of glowing reviews? I knew we were in trouble when I had to lower all the windows to stop my eyes from burning. A bottle of Pinot couldn't temper the garlic powder! A bottle of IPA faired no better. Since there were no other such complaints I will try it one more time, maybe. Sadly this pie ended in the compost bin!
Wow. An easy contender for "best pizza in Vegas" status. I came all the way out to The Lakes - a name whose name correctly implies physical as well as metaphorical distance from the deserts of Las Vegas - based on its pedigree, from the people behind the Cosmopolitan's smash hit Secret Pizza.

I was expecting the same pie served at the late-night Strip hole-in-the-wall. What they're cooking up here is even better. The crust (apparently the result of a two-year development process) doesn't have quite the same signature sourdough flavor of its predecessor and isn't straightforward NYC street pizza either. What it is is the perfect blend of crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, the perfect consistency to absorb whatever greasy deliciousness you throw on top of it. Many of the toppings are made in house - including the melt-in-your-mouth meatballs, sausage and bacon.

This is a pizzeria that makes its own bacon! Is your mind as blown by that as mine?

As pretty much everything on the menu has earned rave reviews here, I have to keep coming back to eat my way through it.

Another instance in which a 30 minute drive is the only thing standing in between me and morbid obesity.
Unfortunately I can't eat pizza too often, but if I were to, this place is a no-brainer. Oh wow, did I just say "no-brainer?"

Really, though. If you've ever been to "secret pizza" in the Cosmo, this is extremely similar. My friends ordered The Big Sexy and I happened to steal a slice. What I got was essentially the perfect night-in-watching-a-movie pizza. The kind of pizza every kid and adult pizza dreams of. This is coincidentally also what drunks love. It's a comfort pizza. Heavy, oily, covered in toppings. Absolutely delicious. The crust was surprisingly thin, but in that perfectly foldable way. Trust me, you'll have to fold every slice. The toppings - quality and flavorful. My friend and I both noted that in our first bite, we could already tell there was garlic hitting our taste buds. Uncommon in pizza.

This place really is a hidden gem in the Lakes area. It's the kind of place we should support and encourage to grow because it's delicious, and local! Give them a try. At least the Big Sexy. He will win you over.
I had to drop their rating down.  The service is really good and the employees are super nice.

BUT the last 4-5 times we ordered, either the pizza or chicken (and once both) arrived disgustingly undercooked.  

I've been ordering pizza somewhere else but it's not the best either...  I might start ordering from them again if the other spot gets even worse...
This review is hard to write simply because the owner (?) righted the wrong. Here's what happened:
508PM -- We call Those Guys and order a large pizza. We asked how long the pizza would take to deliver since we needed to feed the babies (1 year olds). Roy let me know that the pizza would take about 15 minutes to cook and, since there was one delivery ahead of us, another 10 for the delivery. 25 minutes to go less than one mile, so we asked for delivery.
558PM -- No pizza. We called back to see if everything was ok with the delivery guy (we were hoping he hadn't been in an accident or anything) and was assured that the delivery guy would be at our door any minute.
612PM -- Still no pizza. We called again and were told that Roy was going to check up on his delivery guy. Something about car trouble.
625PM -- Still no pizza. This is now over an hour past the time we called to order. We called again. This was getting ridiculous and now the kids have already eaten something else. Here is where Roy kinda redeemed himself -- he said if the pizza wasn't at our house in 5 minutes, it was on him. Well, it wasn't.
645PM -- Our pizza finally arrived, with no apology from the delivery guy. Had we known it would have taken this long to get the pizza, we would have driven the 5 minutes ourselves to pick it up.

Now, the pizza. We ordered a large half cheese and half mushroom and olive. When it got to us, it was warm, not hot. This may have something to do with the mediocre taste. We only ordered from this restaurant because of the great Yelp reviews. But, given the time it took to arrive at our house and the blah taste factor, I doubt we'll order again. Maybe if we're desperate....
After playing in the snow up Mount Charleston, we decided to give Those Guys Pies a try.
Called it in for pick up since we knew from other Yelpers they have only 1 table,  polite easy ordering via phone. The pizza place wasn't too hard to find, it's tucked away behind Citibank off of West Sahara.  I'm sure they don't get too many drive by customers though.
I've been wanting to try their Cheesesteak Pie since I've heard about them. With the red sauce, No shrooms we don't dig the fungi. The staff was very friendly and chatted with my husband while we waited for the pie. They give you little cups of oregano, garlic, red peppers and grated cheese with your pie. 
The pizza was delicious, not my favorite in town but a contender. Loved the crust, it had tons of cheese and was close to an actual cheesesteak taste. My only complaint is their red sauce, I was glad the pizza didn't have a lot of it. I just wasn't a big fan, can't quite put my finger on why.  But I'm weird with my sauce preferences. Prices are about on track with most quality pizza places.
Can't wait to go back, Looking forward to trying their white pizza and original cheesesteak which I'm hearing good things about.
Pretty damn good Philly cheesesteak.
Wow.  So so good.  OK It was pricey but wow.  I originally wanted Rocco's but they don't deliver.  Their loss.  So I didn't even order pizza from Those Guys Pies becuz I didn't want to be disappointed but maybe I should have.  I ordered an original cheesesteak with whiz "with (which means with onions) and mushrooms and peppers,a caprese salad and a mascarpone cheesecake.  The salad was delicious, huge pieces of mozzarella, beautiful heirloom tomatoes and fresh basil.  So fresh, so delicious.  olive oil, balsamic vinegar....so delicious.  The cheesesteak was so juicy, so tasty, delicious.  Then the cheesecake, while WAY TOO small, was delicious.  Very impressed.  Only thing is the $27 price tag but then it was a big salad and delicious.  Worth it.  And They deliver which Roccos does not which is why I chose them.
i'm new to the neighbourhood, and during a rainy day of unpacking and barely being able to find plates, let alone find the energy to even warm up a can of soup, because who only KNOWS where the cookware is, i decided to take a break, and order a pizza...but who to order from? after typing pizza delivery into yelp, and my new zip code, this place popped up, after reading some of the reviews, decided to give them a try.

i ordered the "shroom" pizza on white (white means the fact that there is no pizza sauce, just a combination of garlic oil and ricotta cheese), to add at least SOME health aspects, i added artichokes to the pie, this is what i got.

an aroma that wafted onto my palate way before the box was even opened. aside from the fact that it was covered with cheeses (ricotta and mozzarella) the crust was actually edible, not like many pizza crusts, that get tossed to the wayside because they are too tough, hard, or doughy, this crust was just what a pizza crust should be, slightly crunchy on the outside, and slightly doughy and chewy on the in.

the only problem i have was that even though the pizza was laden, the toppings were slim...that and they forget to send me a menu.

personally can't wait for the next rainy day as an excuse to avoid cooking and order a pizza from them again.
Our daughter mentioned this place to us as her and husband frequent the strip mentioned the Cosmo connection etc etc. After phoning in the order, drove 5 minutes for pick-up. (It's a pick-up/delivery kinda place.) Super nice guy working, very pleasant. The storefront was very clean and our order was ready as promised. The counter guy said business was picking up, which is good for such an out of the way place.

We ordered the 'Big Sexy' pizza the cheesesteak with extra onions and the cinnamon poppers (spelled that way on the menu). I'll keep this short; the cheesesteak was super dry and hardly an onion was to be found and the roll was a couple of days old. The pizza was 'ok' the edge of the crust was good but the rest was greasy and soggy....way too thin is the problem. The sauce and meatball slices were good.
The poppers were ok for 5 bucks, kinda tough but ok. I make zeppoli at home and thought these would be just as tender. Not. 

For the money I'll stick to Rocco's or Metro as for the cheese steaks I'll drive cross town to Geri's or around the corner to Cappriotti's. I'm from South Philly which means nothing. Hey I'm not a chef but I know good food when I taste it. BTW I think charging $0.75 for a few pepperoncini's on the side is tacky

Bottom line, the service was really good and the food....Meh.
This place has top of the line pie and I take my pizza very seriously. The shroom pizza is magnificent(add bacon and chicken) . I've ordered 3 times now and my only complaint would be that they make the buffalo chicken spicier because at the moment it's not at all. TRY THIS PLACE! The fingers and dipping sauces are awesome too, I suggest the siracha aoli and the buffalo ipa
We came here to order some pizza and mozzarella sticks. The guy behind the counter told us that they don't sell mozzarella sticks but he offered to make us some. We were surprised and I thought, "That's awesome customer service!". 

 On my side of the pizza I ordered bacon, Jalapeno, and Pineapple. While we were driving home the smell of the pizza was intoxicating! I couldn't wait to have a slice!  When we opened the pizza it was a bit greasy but we dabbed it with a paper towel to take off the access grease before we ate any of it . It was tasty!  The mozzarella sticks made from scratch were also delicious! 

I'd like to comeback here and try more of their menu like the Philly Cheese Steak I've been hearing so much about!
Update:

The chicken fingers are ridiculously good. The cheesesteaks are ridiculously good.

And Those Guys Pies goes above and beyond when it comes to making it right for their customers.

This is a business that has earned my loyalty through a quality product and more importantly through the hard work that they put into ensuring their customers' satisfaction.

Keep up the good work, guys.
The best! I will write a review later. I'm still full and overstuffed as it was that good!
I think the votes are in: this is the best cheesesteak in Vegas. Juicy meat on squishy bread with whiz- ya gotta get the whiz! and a side of pickled green peppers. As good as it gets!

The pizza on the other hand, I've had some mixed feelings about. The cheese is fantastic. The Big Sexy is indeed, sexy. They definitely have a signature taste of their own, and their combinations of homemade goodness keeps their pies far from generic. However, the pizzas that have more toppings, especially wet toppings, are a total bust. I got a veggie pizza once (which showed up with the wrong toppings) and it was so soggy you couldn't even pick up a slice. So be careful with what toppings you go for, it could ruin the pie.

The wings come packaged separately from the sauce to stay crisp and they have some interesting choices to sauce them - IPA buffalo is good, albeit a little too sweet for me. Overall, solid wings. They don't come with any veggies and you have to request blue cheese or ranch.

They offer a couple of innovative salads (for a pizza place) all of which are delicious. Their roasted chicken is fantastic! Very flavorful while still being juicy- it's a wonderful addition to any salad. Most salads come lined with a pita along the bottom which I always found kind of strange, and they definitely don't skimp on the cheese (even goat cheese.)

The service over the phone and from the driver's is usually over the top amazing. One time I locked myself out of my own apartment complex because I forgot to bring my keycard down and had to call my boyfriend to let me back in. I told the driver it was fine and my boyfriend was on his way, but he insisted on staying with me until I got back in just to make sure I was safe. THAT is service!

I think my love affair with their pizza has come to an end after the soggy abomination, but their cheeseteaks and salads for delivery will keep me ordering from Those Guys.
Amazing.. The pizza is sooo good here. I would suggest the cheese pizza and the meat lover one but i'm sure all the food here is good.
very good pizza , would return
Awesome phillycheese steak sanwhiches!
I came here based on the reviews of their cheese steak and it did not disappoint.

The steak wasn't overly salty or peppered. It was juicy and tender and succulent. I got my sandwich with mushrooms and cheese whiz.

The store is very small and is definitely not a dine-in place. I suggest calling to order ahead for pick up, although my sandwich was made on the spot and didn't take long to get.

The price tag was a little hefty, but it is definitely the best in town.
Great New York style pizza!  I would give them 5 stars but they're a little skimpy on the toppings. The best pizza in our area!
Food: 3

I was expecting more from this based on accolades and was disappointed with the pizza and cheesesteak sandwich. I tried the original cheesesteak wit whiz and it was "ok" due to lack of seasoning. It was filling to say the least, and the ribeye was tender, but just not as flavorful as I expected.

On the pizza side, we had the spicy italian red and it wasn't spicy. It was greasy (yeah, I know sausage will make it greasy) although the crust was very good. If I lived in the neighborhood, I would probably eat here again, but I would not drive from the strip for it.
These place is incredible it will not disappoint they are very nice they were very helpful the place I nice small joint they only have one table there so just pick up or delivery decent in price
Waste....The pizza was soggy, ughhhh and the Philly cheese steak  was an oniony disaster, I usually give a place 2 dining experiences before I review it, but this place doesn't deserve a second chance, I'll stick with the pizza at Cosmopolitan and if I want a good sandwich I'll make it at home.
5 stars.

must try these 3:
the big sexy. 
white pie.
& the original cheesesteak is friggin incredible!!
Comparable to but better than Metro Pizza. Good steak sandwich but a little over priced. There isn't any dine-in available yet but they may open another one soon...
Great pizza and mine was perfectly cooked. May be a little greasy for some but the crust was the best I've ever had. It was just crisp enough on the bottom and chewy. Perfect!
Over at the go raw cafe for the 1st time and I see this pizza shop. Well new to the valley I have to get a pie to take home to try. Nice shop and very helpful staff. I got a nice pie half white with mushroom half meat. I really enjoyed the pizza as did my family. I will definitely go back again.
OH MY GOODNESS!! My boss wanted to order lunch and he wanted to get little caesars, I couldn't stand for that. So I jumped on yelp and typed in our zip code and entered pizza delivery and picked the first thing that popped up, which was here. We got the big sexy not only because I sounded amazing but because thats all everyone talks about besides the cheesesteaks. It arrived very quickly and smelled oh so amazing so we chowed down. I was very surprised how large it was I was completely satisfied with one slice (they are very very large slices) I love how everything was evenly distributed, each slice had equal amounts. I was very impressed being from NY and all, the crust was amazing. I can't wait to check out other pizza from here and their cheesesteaks!
So we were looking on yelp for some place new to order from and decided to try Those Guys Pies.

We ordered the Maui Wowie Pizza, an Original Cheesteak sandwich a order of wings and a 2 liter bottle of soda. The total was just over $40.00

The guy who took the order over the phone was friendly, the delivery guy was friendly. The food arrived in about 30 minutes.

As far as the food goes, for the price,  I was hoping it would be tastier than it was.

The wings and sandwich were pretty good. I wasn't as impressed with the pizza. 

It wasn't bad, but I really wasn't overly impressed. I'll probably try it again at some point in the future.
Excellent pizza, with over the top service. We arrived unknowingly arrived prior to opening this morning, and they were happy to make us our cheese pizza. Which was great, because my son wanted pizza, and he would have been late for school if we had to wait until 11!
A ok by me not worth fifty bucks for two pizzas and wings. taste good but I probably wont order again unless I get a good coupon  and im not a coupon shopper!
Just picked up a Shroom Pie and some wings with sweet bbq and pineapple buffalo. 

They also give you extras with your pie such as oregano, chili flakes, fresh grated Parmesan and granulated garlic. 

AWESOME!!

The owner and employees are sweethearts the food is ridiculous, I love coming here. Definitely give them a try.

(Currently they do not have a sign but have are located where Milano's pizzeria used to be).
A great neighborhood pizza and sub place.  Love that there is a local, small business pizza delivery that we are happy to support.  The Maui pizza is delicious- fresh ingredients and a perfect blend of sweet and savory.  The meat pie is superior- the sausage makes the pizza.  We also enjoy their subs and wings and of course, the cinnamon bites, which are a must (because the cream cheese frosting is the bomb!).  OMG- Get the CHEESECAKE!  I cannot believe how good it is.  No matter how full you think you'll be from the dinner- get the cheesecake and enjoy it!  You will thank me!!!
I just ordered the Shroom with Red sauce and the maple marscapone  cheesecake. So good! Those Guys, I love recommending you! Muah!
Very delicious!!!  I was referred by my new marketing company and since my staff and I are pizza lovers and have a particular taste bud for authentic pizza!  Those Guys Pies was fantastic.  I had called in for delivery to my office my staff being supper excited for lunch we ordered a cheese pizza, fingers and cheese steak.  I had to pick up the order because my office is just outside the 5 mile mark (I am 5.2 miles out) but I said to try a new pizza location is well worth a drive and the guy on the phone seemed exceptionally nice and apologetic.  

When I got to the location it was easy to find the staff was very friendly I like being called by my name, telling me have nice day NAME. Just don't get that enough out here in Vegas. 

Now the details of the delicious food!!!   The Cheese Steak has to be my favorite it was delicious, perfect amount of cheese and the steak OMG melted with so much flavor not chewy leather that I find everywhere else in this city.

The chicken fingers are my brothers fav in the city, fresh different and tasty he said and he would be the expert in this department lol.  

The pizza reminded me of the east coast flavor which I miss being from Boston.  The spices, cheese and sauce all such a tasty combination and the dough was perfect thickness for my liking, hand tossed always the way to go if you like the mom and pop feel and fresh maid daily taste.  

Overall I rate a 5 out of 5 because the service was exceptional, food was hands down tasty and enjoyed every bite.  I will order from here again I can not wait to try out other menu items.

Thanks!!
Hands down the best pizza in town.  I am a pizza snob and I can't get enough of these pies.  If you like a true NY style pizza, look no further.  I travel 25 minutes away to grab this delicious pizza. I think the white pizza is da bomb!  The wings are pretty good.  They have great unique sauces for everyone's taste buds. The chicken fingers are really good too. If you like fresh chicken fingers these are great!  I really like Canes, but I think TGP have two stars ahead of them.  

Now let's talk about the cheesesteak.  Yep these guys serve cheese steaks.  First of all I am not a cheesteak fan.  I was told every time I went to grab a pie to try the cheesesteak.  OMG....they made me a believer.  Get the cheesesteak and a PIE and you are good to go!  

Those Guys Pies are in my humble opinion the BEST in knowing how to combine sauces, fresh high grade cheese and toppings, and the bombiest crust known to man into what most call pizza.....and for those you know pizza.......call pie!!!!  

7  stars if yelp would let me....
Always great food at Those Guys Pies. Hands down, the best Philly Cheesesteak in Las Vegas.
Really good pizza. 
But, if I were to do it again, I would order a large pizza, put it in the fridge for 2 hours, and heat up individual slices on aluminum foil (or a pizza stone) for 5 minutes at 475*F. Something magical happens. Sounds crazy, but I actually enjoy Those Guys Pies twice as much on the reheat. It becomes perfectly crispy and chewy, as real pizza should be.

Not all pizza reacts this way. But real NJ/NY pizza does. (This is meant to be a compliment to Those Guys Pies.)

Give it try. Experience the alchemy.
Ok. Where do I start? With the oh-my-god-these-are-the-best-chicken-fingers-I've-ever-had-in-my-mouth? With their amazingly delicious Italian breadcrumb coating deep fried to perfection? But, wait! There's more. The sauces...IPA buffalo? Pineapple buffalo? Garlic Parmesan? The best fingers hands down, anywhere. I just can't imagine anyone making them any better. 
I was going to save the pizza review for last because I thought it was the best thing on the menu. But, after tonight's surprise cheesesteak, I'm torn. The pizza, for us, was the main draw. It's virtually perfect. The crust is thin, crispy but with that little bit of chew. The toppings are unlike any other pizza joint...they house make the bacon, the sausage & the meatball. HOUSEMADE  PEOPLE, HOUSE MADE! An Italian white pizza with mozzarella, ricotta & broccoli rabe, who else is making a takeout/delivery pizza at that caliber? It's takeout pizza on a whole other level. 
Now, on to the cheesesteak. We're west coast people, born & raised in San Diego and  we just never quite got the craze for cheesesteak. It's good, but we've never been wowed. Well, last night we were sent home from Those Guys Pies with an original cheesesteak. Ribeye. Onions. American Cheese. Cheesewhiz. It blew us away. It was perfection. It wasn't just a cheesesteak, it was an experience! The reason we weren't "cheesesteak people" is because we had never had a real cheesesteak done right. Now, we can't wait til our next cheesesteak, but only from TGP!  

There you have it. People, you need to get to Those Guys Pies and try everything. Those guys know more than just perfect pizzas!! Happy Eating!!
This review stems from sampling their food from Bite of Las Vegas so take it for what it's worth.
They were sampling their buffalo chicken w/ jalapenos which was AMAZING! They had numerous others to sample, but didn't get a chance to have a bite. That sample def made me want to enjoy more of what they have to offer. If you haven't had their pizza you're missing out! 
The only bummer is that they don't deliver to the southwest side as their delivery radius is 5 miles.
Shared a small white pie and cheese steak w/onions & cheese whiz w/my bf for dinner last night. Both were deeeelish! I would highly recommend to try.
When you have a choice, add a side salad. This is not your typical,  boring greens. Check it out.
I ordered from here by sheer luck, after browsing Yelp while hungry. Total home run. What did I order? Chicken fingers (5 out of 5 stars). They were absolutely delicious and the sauces to choose from was a major decision maker for me. I ordered the Hot Buffalo sauce (one of the best traditional buffalo sauces I've ever had), the Blue cheese sauce (one of the best blue cheese sauces I've ever had), the Maple Mustard sauce (Delicious) and the Thai Peanut sauce (Also delicious). Other Yelpers are right, these are definitely some of the best chicken tenders in Vegas. Also, I'm a sucker for a good cheesesteak and these cheesesteaks are great!  I ordered mine with provolone (because cheese whiz kind of creeps me out), peppers and onions. They're HUGE and the meat is excellent. I'm excited to order pizza next time and now I have a solid place to get cheesesteaks and tenders from, to-go. I ordered online at thoseguyspies.com, didn't have to call and had a speedy and professional delivery. I am now an avid supporter and fan. How was this place hiding in my backyard and I didn't even know?! My only complaint is that I wasn't privy to this place's existence sooner!
This place is awesome the spicy Italian pie is one our favorite. Good pizza good service
I first encountered Those Guys Pies at the Yelp Nerdy Dancing II event, last year. I really liked the slices they served but they were not served hot and I quickly forgot about them. I was finally able to try their pie right out of their Lakes location and man, have I been missing out. 

My husband and I ordered a half Maui Wowie(bacon, pineapple and jalapeños) and half pepperoni pie to split. A few minutes of waiting and it came piping hot, straight out of the oven. The crust was absolute perfection when it came to taste and texture. The sauce is really good and a nice amount that doesn't overpower the other ingredients. It's also not overly tart like some pizza sauces I've tried. The pepperoni topping was really good but pretty standard but the bacon on the Maui wowie was excellent. It was large crispy bacon, not the canadian bacon you see at other pizza joints. I only wish there was more of this yummy porky goodness on the pie.

The store was small and easy to miss because it still didn't have overhead signage. There's a small counter to order from, a couple of chairs and a table which was overtaken by bags of condiments. This is a takeout place. There are no heat lamps at this joint. Call ahead or order your pie fresh and wait. Take the pie home, eat in your car or find an empty table by the fake lake nearby. They also provide a delivery service within 5 miles but I suggest coming down to say hi and experience the pizza hot out of the oven. It's totally worth it. Dare I say this may be the best pizza in Vegas.
Delicious! The "Shroom" pizza is awesome, has seasonal shrooms on it with goat cheese!  Right around the corner from the shop are some chairs and tables along the water....what a nice setting for a date night!
Best pizza!!! It's like the Secret Pizza spot in Cosmo, but closer to my house (when I lived in Vegas) and I don't have to walk into a casino! I love their White Pizza with broccoli rab.  Yumss my mouth is drooling as I write this review.  Their cinnamon poppers is a delicious must try item too! The guys in there are super nice and friendly too
My cheesesteak sandwich experiences are limited to my university's on-campus grill (American cheese oozing over a pile of grilled onions and beef on overly greasy cardboard, ahem, flavorless soggy chewy bread) and Amato's Cheesesteaks in the Bay Area. Amato's has a great reputation, but we always got it to go and it would be steaming in the paper wrapper for about 25 minutes. Fast forward to our trip to Las Vegas, where I read about Those Guys Pies in one of the Las Vegas magazines. Take a bite. Close your eyes. Chew and savor and repeat. This stuff is pure heaven, or at least I hope heaven is a place filled with delicious cheesesteaks and pies from Those Guys Pies. 

I ordered The Works Cheesesteak with a hug and photo-op. The freshly baked flavorful yeasty bread was stuffed with a ridiculous amount of deliciously marinated tender certified Angus beef rib-eye with grilled onions, mushroom, green bell peppers and white American cheese and then placed in the hot pizza oven for a crispety crunchety exterior and piping hot interior. Sooooo gooood. Amazing. Mind-blowing. Life-changing. And then there was the pizza. Thin and chewy high quality crust with crisp edges and lots of flavor (I hate bland crust), topped by the most amazing red sauce, delicious mozzarella cheese and yummy housemade sausage! Since we ordered a half and half, the halves were composed carefully, leaving a strip down the middle that did not have any meat or veggies.

We were going to eat once we got back to the house, but the smell was making me hungry, so we ate in the car instead. My lap was used as a tabletop; thankfully Las Vegas Weekly saved the super hot pizza from burning the top of my thighs. I burned my mouth on that piping hot first slice! After the searing pain, my taste buds encountered immense pleasure. Yummmmm. Hello, best ever pizza and cheesesteak in Las Vegas. Totes Amaze! You must try this place!
Their dedication to customer service here is unparalleled! After my last review with the soggy pizza, they wrote me to offer me a pizza to replace the other and give them another chance at my convenience. While it never crossed my mind to stop patronizing this establishment, the gesture meant a lot! 

Every pizza that I have had since has been top notch! The last time I was in the joint to pick up pizzas I mentioned my previous experience with the driver waiting for me to get back into my apartment, and they were like "oh that's you!!" Only slightly embarrassed about locking myself out, and being recognized by my Yelp reviews. I guess I'm pretty much famous now. =P

They also have Mexican Cokes in the bottle!
We love a good NY style pizza, and chose this place as it was the closest to home with the best reviews. The guys working were great, and I love that they offered  mozzarella, onion powder, pepper flakes and oregano to go. 

That said, the cheese pizza we had was just okay. We were hoping for a thinner crust, more grease to be sitting on top of the cheese, and the sauce to be tangier. 

We are still in search of a great NY style pizza here in Vegas. Hope we can find it.
The Best Pizza west of NY.  The staff (not sure if the owner took our order, but he seemed authoritative) was very attentive.  We ordered a half Shroom and half Spicy Italian pie with a side of wings (with the Wasabi Ranch and Garlic Parm dipping sauces).  Due to the limited seating, he suggested that we sit by the lake, which had a great view.  Once we received our order, we dug right in.  The first bite was so yummy and full of gooey cheesy mushroom goodness.  The wings were nice and crispy.  We both enjoyed the Wasabi Ranch very much; the ranch actually made for an excellent dip for the pizza crust as well.  After we downed a bottle of Coke, we went back to the pizza place and thanked them for a great meal.

Also, I don't understand how a pizza this good can be made in 10 minutes.  Much lesser establishments take far longer, cost just as much and don't have that very NY east coast freshly made-gooey-oily flavor that Those Guys offer up.  

**This review was written by my gf, who was raised on a steady diet of east coast pies growing up.
Been here a few times.

Pizza is an AWESOME NY style pizza. No ground beef on the pie here! Sliced meatballs all the way. 

Chicken fingers are very good as well. Garlic Fries were sensation. 

Cheesesteak is another homerun on the menu!

Highly recommend!
I LOVE this place! Best cheesesteak EVER!!! Also try the maple mars spine cheesecake it's HEAVENLY!
Ordered a small meat pizza, OMG, was it ever loaded.  Took it home for my son and I, he moaned as he ate 2/3 of it that night!!!  Comment after comment on how it was one of the best pizzas ever and amazed at the amount of toppings!  These guys are generous!  And top quality to boot!  Plus, as I waited we chatted for a bit and the gentleman who waited on me was so nice!  Thank You!
I lived in Boston for 18 years before moving to Las Vegas.  I had my favorite pizzeria, a spot in Brighton Corner.  It didn't look like anything special.  But sit at one of the cheap formica tables a while & you might notice the Italian newspapers strewn about, then that the gentlemen behind the counter are all speaking Italian.  What the place lacked in fancy decor it more than made up for with authenticity.

And my point, you ask?  I have really high standards for my pizza.  I signori at Brighton Corner made the best red sauce I've ever tasted and used a pepperoni that was like no other.  For years in Vegas, I looked for pizza that was 80% as good.  Then I gave up &  looked for pizza that was half as good.  Still nothing, until I discovered Those Guys.

No, neither their red sauce nor their pepperoni are as good as i signori, but they're reasonably close.  And Those Guys' crust is actually better.  It's a big plus that Those Guys make their own sausage, meatballs, and even smoke their own bacon.  Also, TG makes a cheesesteak with the best quality beef you'll ever find in a hoagie.

Despite the 20-minute drive, I go to Those Guys fairly often (once every couple of weeks).  It's a bit of a distance to go for pizza, but it's a lot closer than Brighton Corner.
Starting off a late night of boozin!  We wanted something quick, easy, and FILLING to soak up all the alcohol, and my long term Yelp bookmark delivered the goods!

Ordered an Original Ribeye Cheesesteak ($11): Grilled Onions and Cheese Wiz. This was a large portion and pretty tasty! The meat was minced up very finely but was JUICY and had good flavor. The grilled onions were perfect...sweet, and not very distracting from the meat and cheese. Wish they were a little heavier on the WIZ, but overall a solid philly steak!

Three Cheese Fries ($5). This was a large serving and was DRENCHED in cheese...awesome! I split the cheesesteak and fries with Eva, and we still weren't able to finish everything! 

They only have a tiny table with 3 chairs or so inside.  Probably should do take-out here, but we ended up eating inside since we were in a hurry.

I'll be back to try the pizza!
Not sure why, but even after ordering from here about 4-5 times I still kind of hesitate to write a review about Those Guys... it's like I can't quite decide about this place. Their pizzas are pretty good, have tried several combinations. Last being the big sexy which was surprisingly WAY spicy (too spicy for my husband to even eat any) and seemed like they skimped a little in the cheese department. The first time we ordered  I remember thinking the pizza was way too garlicky, which you if you know me you'd know that's almost an impossible feat to use too much garlic. Their wings are really good, but their sauces are what makes them great. I give their TGP sauce (sriracha aioli) 5+ stars, I was dipping everything in it, including my daughters chicken fingers and the mozzarella sticks LOL. On that note, their chicken fingers are really quite good. The first time we ordered they were way over seasoned with either italian seasoning or oregano, so I thought they were actually kind of gross, but this last time they were really very good. My husband had the philly cheesesteak and he said it was pretty good. I ordered the spinach salad time before last and it was a pretty big disappointment. There was so much slimy spinach, it was actually kind of hard to eat. I picked a lot of it out and ate what I could, so I think if they washed and checked their spinach and used a better dressing it would actually be a great salad - but I personally would not order it again. Their jalapeño peppers are good and have also had the shroom on white pizza which was good too. So all in all, I think it's a good pizza place. Nothing that screams great (except maybe the wings in TGP sauce) but I'm sure we'll be ordering here on a fairly regular basis.
I'm from NY but my Dad's from Philly so I've been there many times. Cheesesteaks are one of my favorite meals and they make a genuine Philadelphia Cheesesteak. Top of the line steak sandwich right here. The guy I talked to was from philly, I assume he's the owner but I'm not sure.

Just created a yelp account to review this place!
Important to note that we got delivery so I can't comment on quality or service at the actual location.  We ordered a big sexy pie and some fingers with sauces totaling about $35 with tip.  The pizza was so oily that it had run through the box and was oily underneath. The pizza itself was fine, not great not terrible, but the crust was a joke.  Because of all the oil it was super flimsy and almost impossible to eat since it kept flopping all over.  The chicken fingers were fine, and the sauces were interesting (if not necessarily good... maple mustard wasn't a winner)

It was fine overall, but we probably won't order from here again.
It took a long time for my pizza to arrive longer than I was told.  But the pizza and the salad were very good!  And the pizza was still hot when it came-YES!  I am tired of cold pizza.
I've been eating here for over a year now and I guess it's time for an update.  Still the Best Philly that I have had here in Vegas!  I have tried every pizza on the menu and they still have great quality ingredients that they had a year ago.  Our favorite is the Meat Pie the day after a night of drinking!  Just the right amount of grease for our hangover!  Keep up the good work Guys!!
Wow what a place I ordered my pizza, chicken, and salad about an hour and twenty minutes before it came but I wasn't too upset because he said it would be about an hour for whatever reason but when they showed up they told us the 20 minute late delay was because they burnt our pizza and decided to give us the next size up and made our whole order FREE. Enough said right there... If you guys ever read these just know the kid off Belmont Lake appreciates you and looks forward to future business!
Tonight was my first visit. My hubby and I walked there cause it's close by. The owner is very friendly and will make pizza the way you like it. We got the meat pie and I added jalapenos on half of it. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised when we got home! Everything is made from scratch and incredibly delicious! There was a party in my mouth and everyone was invited! I highly recommend this place for a yummy pizza and great customer service. They are now on my regular list.
These guys? No! It's THOSE GUYS! 

Finally got around to trying this place. For once, I ordered delivery (it was only a $1!) because their shop is only for pick up and delivery and the thought of having a 35 min  drive home, then eating a soggy pizza did not appeal to me. Luckily, I have lots of friends in Summerlin. I got the Italian White Pie (ricotta, mozza, broccoli, sausage, caramelized onions and garlic) for $16.50. It's a tasty pie. I also ordered the chicken wings but instead got chicken fingers. They were just okay. They come in long strips and it was a bit off-putting. 

I'm going to be honest, I wasn't blown away by this place. So, I'm tentatively giving it 4-stars and I'll order from then again and update accordingly. The pizza was really good but there was a lot going on, I think I missed out on the best part, their homemade sausage.  I could barely taste it.  I didn't realize it had broccoli rabe, I thought it was spinach. Ok, so I was a little inebriated. LOL. I heated up the leftovers the next day and, lo and behold, I saw the broccoli rabe! Love that stuff. 

This place gets rave reviews, not just by Yelpers, but by Summerlin locals. So next time I'm going to try their cheesesteaks and order a plain white pizza, topped with bacon, sausage and pepperoni (they make their meats in-house). The crust was good, perfect NY-style. Can't comment on their red sauce yet.... next time!
Quite possibly the best home made pizza and sub sand witches you can get. We absolutely love this place. The meatballs and sauce are absolutely the best!
Salads here are amazing. Large portions
Hmmm. My first yelp review because I am that disappointed with my caprese salad. According to the menu description and yelper photos, it comes with beefsteak tomatoes, the whole reason I ordered it. Yet, it arrived covered with roasted tomatoes, the same tomatoes that came with the Lakes salad. I ordered two different salads for certain reasons. Where are my raw thick sliced tomatoes with my fresh mozzarella??? Grrr. This is my 5th or 6th time ordering delivery and I always order thru their app online. Food has always been great. Cheesesteaks are great, I prefer provolone over whiz. In my opinion, the whiz covers the flavor of the cheesesteak and the provolone brings it out. Pizza is bomb. The white pizza is yummy but I'm a bigger fan of red sauce so the Big Sexy and regular cheese is my fav. Get a white and Big Sexy if u can. I would've given them five stars but it's disappointing looking forward to something and get let down.
Delicious cheese steak, can't wait to try the pizza and wings next time. Will definitely be back, glad to know they deliver as well. Awesome!
The food is top notch, best pizza and cheese steaks around!  I've been to all of the other places some of the other people posting mention, Grimaldi's, Don DiMarcos, Roccos, Verazanos, etc., and NOTHING touches this place!!  The customer service is outstanding and their delivery is usually pretty quick.  I highly recommend, you will not be disappointed!
Having just moved here from NY, I was excited to see what kind of pizza places were around my apartment. After reading these reviews, Those Guys was an obvious front runner for being our local spot. 

We went in today, and the guy that helped was helpful, funny, and really laid back. He made us a half regular and half white pie, because he overheard my girlfriend and I debating which to get. 

When he was packing it up to give it to us, he said something to the effect of "if you don't like that pie, you're crazy!" .... But he's such a laid back guy that it came off more of quiet confidence and being friendly. Man though, he was right. 

They slather on garlic, which I happen to love. If you don't, perhaps this won't be the place for you. 

The regular pie was delicious, the sauce and cheese they use are SO flavorful. The crust was a bit soggy (we drove 10 minutes home), but man the flavor was so good I easily forgave some sogginess. 

The white pie was also really good, and had some great pockets of garlic. 

Needless to say, my girlfriend and I can't talk to anyone without eating ten pieces of gum, but man was it worth it! Great service, great pizza, great price!
So amazing! I just moved in down the street and Those Guys Pizza is shizznit! Love the spinach salad.  Super friendly staff.  The have made me a happy pizza filled camper.
Omg! Everything was very good but the White Pie (Pizza) was so delicious. Very friendly. We will come again
3rd time is the charm!  Have called in and picked up 3 times from Those Guys.  Every time, my order has been ready when promised and the people answering the phone and taking orders have been  very pleasant. 

My family is a big fan of the chicken fingers.  We skip the sauce and just get extra fingers.  

Today we tried the Italian White Pizza.  Lots of garlic and ricotta cheese.  A little pricey, but worth it.  

Looking forward to trying the rest of their pizzas.  

We found the cheesesteak to be too salty and not worth the price.  There are better cheesesteak options in Las Vegas and on the west side of town.

Overall... two thumbs up for Those Guys.  We will be back.
Ummmmm yes please. We had pizza and wings delivered from Those Guys Pies tonight for the first time. Half way through the meal we were so angry with ourselves for wasting time ordering from all the other places. So. Good. The pizza was really good, but the wings were AMAZING. They send the sauce separately (we ordered mild and parmesan garlic) from the wings with baggies so you can toss them yourself. My wife said "these are the best wings I've ever had".  No joke. 

Give this place a try. Now. Fair price and really good food. You will not regret it.
Ordered the pie for delivery. The delivery was 45 mins late & the pie tasted and felt like it was made 2 days ago.. complete let-down
Just ate the best pizza in Las Vegas!  We usually order from Rocco's, which is also good but wanted to try something new.  So glad we chose Those Guys Pies!  We ordered a large (18 colossal inches!) pizza and a cheese steak with whiz...both were delicious.  We picked our order up and were completely intoxicated by the smell the entire 10 minute ride home.  The pizza crust was perfect...crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside...perfect.  The red sauce had excellent flavor and delicious.  The home-made sausage and sweet onions on top were to die for.

The cheesesteak was also amazing...excellent quality steak and full of flavor.  I agree with other reviews...the best in town!

We hope they are able to expand and offer seating on location one day soon so we can eat it as soon as it comes out of the oven.  Everyone needs to try this place.  You won't be sorry!!  This is our new favorite!!
Out of sight, out of mind. Maybe that's why this place doesn't get the love it deserves. Tucked away in an old strip mall by The Lakes, you have to hunt to find this place. It's a tiny shop with virtually no room to dine in. Take out or delivery are your only options. Specializing in New York-style pies, you'll find crusts with a good balance of crispiness and chew that are slightly blistered. I've been meaning to try their red sauce, but their white pies are so good I haven't passed them up. My usual order has been an 18" white pie ($22) with added caramelized onions, pepperoni, and mushrooms. The 'shroom pie with the white sauce wasn't bad either, full of a variety of mushrooms. Service has been friendly and efficient, even during peak hours. For take out, Those Guys has become my go-to place for a quick-fix of pizza.

4.5 Stars
The Cheesesteaks here are now the best I've had in town! There was a flyer put on my door earlier in the week from this place and it sounded good so hubby and I gave this place a try. Hubby actually ordered a "Original Cheesesteak" with cheese whiz, onions and peppers, but I ended up eating almost half of it. I just loved the flavor and enjoyed every bite! The sandwich was 10 inches long and stuffed with thinly shaved beef. We shared a order of "Mozzarella Sticks" priced at $7 and they were cheesy. Each one had their own unique shape as they are hand breaded to order. Be prepared for lots and lots of oozing cheese with these! I do wish the breading had more flavor, but they are totally worth ordering. I ordered a "Italian White Pie" priced at $16.50 and it was 14 inches. The pizza had mozzarella, ricotta, sausage, broccoli rabe, garlic and caramelized onions. I liked the pizza, but it actually tasted much better re-heated the next day for lunch. The guy who took our order and gave us our food was nice. I'd like to come back and try some of their other pizzas, sandwiches, salads and of course I will be back for more cheesesteak! 

Delivery is offered. Check the website to see if you are in the delivery area. They have different lunch specials daily.
I ordered from these guys based on all the glowing reviews.  I live 5 min from the store so I ignored the reviews that said the crust was soggy.  Well, that's just what I got.  It's not a bad pizza but I don't think it lived up to the reviews.  A real east coast pizza slice should stand up to the moisture.  The dough lacks that wonderful yeast flavor and the cheese was nothing special.  The spinach was MIA but there were tons of mushrooms so not a deal breaker.  The crust was cooked through and wasn't burned but I wish it had some flavor.  There was very little sauce and that's a good thing considering it would have made it even more soggy.  All that said I will give them one more chance.  The pizza is pricey but I would pay more for an excellent pie.
Ordered from these guys based on yelp...NIGHTMARE!!!  Placed order at 6:43... wasvl tld expect 7:38 delivery.   Called at 8:03...was told delivery driver was on his way out....8:25 called again. .was told pizza was on the way.  Pie finally arrives...they comped the order and ran away

Food was delicious....Caprese salad: Mozz was bone dry..otherwise excellent.  Meatball samme was perfect.  Pie was  outstanding.  ... figure out the delivery.
So good! Just had a ribeye cheesesteak with whiz & onions! My boyfriend & I shared it; it was huge! He's from New York & said it's the best Philly in Vegas. It was $11 for a 10 inch Philly & was well worth it. My boyfriend wanted another because it was so good! Spread the word, this gem is hard to find.
Went back to try their pizza.. good idea! We got a 14" half white half pepperoni pizza. Both styles were so good, I love this place.
Best cheesesteaks in Las Vegas, and coming from a native Philadelphian, you can trust that opinion :) Great service as well; I always have a good chat with the owner when I go in.
The best pizza I ever had.. on top of that they have really good cheese steak..great customer service too.keep up the great work..
I don't know what people like about this place... Nasty nasty. We got Phil Cheescake sandwich delivered to the house and the bread was all mashy and wet from the wrap.... As we took the first bit the meat had bone not one but many...thank god we didn't break a tooth. The pizza is way to grease not healthy at all. The caprese salad even have fresh tomatoes as in the picture but sun dried tomatoes. Give yourself a favor avoid this place.
I went here for the philly cheesesteak but wasn't that impressed.  The cheesesteak I got from Pellegrino's was far superior.
I love their food but as per usual the person answering the phone was acting like a complete dick. Ya know I'm so tired of these places opening up & you love their food but the service SUXXXX! wtf is wrong w/u ppl?! You're open til 10pm but stop taking orders @ 930pm?! WTF?ON A SATURDAY NIGHT?! 
Shame On You TGP! Get some adults to run your shop instead of kids & you'll do better
Came here on a whim because I was craving pizza and found this place on yelp. I got the Big Pie (large size) half Big Sexy and half White Pie. The "Big Sexy" comes with sausage, pepperoni, garlic, onion and pepperoncini. The "White Pie" comes with ricotta, mozzarella and garlic. 

I enjoyed the pizza a lot. The slices are huge which makes the very tip of them flimsy when you hold it by the crust and try eating it. The crust was great. My girlfriend loved the White Pie and we would both order from here again.

Our Big Pie with half Big Sexy and half White Pie came out to $23.50.
Love the pizza, love the service. I'm so glad small businesses like this still exist! Reminds me of home
Went here thinking it was a restaurant, but got a pizza anyway. The white pizza was so overly greasy and mushy after waiting 40 minutes for the pizza. My stomach instantly hurt. Not crispy at all and just covered in grease. Not good at all.
Ok...     They make everything from scratch.    So let me just say...   Im so happy to have found this place.   Its the new go to pizza.   We got the BBQ Chicken pizza and man was that good.   Cant wait to order again!!!
Been back here many times and have ordered delivery. Pizzas are still delicious but I find myself getting the cheesesteaks more often now because they are the best in town by a large margin. When we order in at work we usually split the cheesesteaks and get a slice of pizza each.
Had their pizza for the first time tonight, Omg amazing.  I had been to the raw vegan place next door once, (which, hey, I'm not a vegan, but can appreciate the food) and the whole time i was wishing I was at the pizza shop! We got 1/2 italian white and 1/2 red with meatball and ricotta.  both were out of this world.  My hubby ran into grab it, but it seemed like its not an actual restaurant but takeout only.
BBQ chicken pizza was amazing. The mascarpone cheesecake super delicious. I have to come back and try a cheesesteak. 
Negatives no seating there are two table outside next to lake which is pretty cool once the sun goes down.
JUST ordered, the guy on the phone laughed when I told him my last name, gave me attitude when I was ordering. Got my food, everything was soggy and old. Took one bite now I'm driving back to return my food.
4.5 stars

The cheesesteaks here are almost good enough to say Pop's who? Almost. The meat is quality and they aren't shy with it. Using cheese whiz never hurt anybody either! I recommend trying the cheesesteak before anything else. I still need to try a pizza that is more my style with sausage and peppers but my wife ordered a white pie that I gave into and tried a slice of. It wasn't bad, just not my personal favorite toppings for a pizza. The crust on it was good. The mozzarella sticks are made fresh and by hand to order. They have a good amount of gooey cheese and cooked perfectly. My 2nd visit I also tried the 3 cheese fires which looked much better than they sounded and tasted. The fries were cooked right but I would just want cheese whiz on them next time and not the other cheeses. I do wish they had better signage out front. I had a bit of a time finding it and at this time anyway there is nothing on the building saying who they are like the neighboring business in the center. I noticed the specials on their window is the only reason I found it. Solid place with great lunch specials.
This is the place! I love secert pizza and now he's on my side of town! I love when things go my way! ;) Thanks to Traci T for the alert on this place! 

Their veggie pizza is so good, I think we got a white veggie too and both versions are great! Their white pizza is awesome! Yum! Yum! I can't wait to try the desserts everyone raves about but it doesn't go my way when I try to order as everyone else knows to snatch them up before they are all sold out. 

It is a small old school pizza joint, a counter to order at, a couple chairs to wait, and some pop coolers. Not a dine in place! I love it! Just like the places back home. 

My mouth is watering....I think I know what we'll have for dinner tonight! :)
Drove 45 mins to try this place and definitely worth the trip. They're kinda of hidden in a small shopping center and houses. 

Ordered a white/garlic and sausage pizza. Love the crust and the flavors. Also the hot wings were delicious. They give u two sauce on the sides, depends on your choice.
great pies and phillys. please come to hendo.
The grand opening was yesterday and we were there tonight! 

My son got a $5.00 Large 1 topping pizza. He said it was good and ended up eating 1/2 of a large pizza!

I did the Provolone Cheese steak. Very good! Filled with lots of meat, peppers, onions, and Mayo! The bread wasn't soggy even though it was a little messy. I do think the peppers could be cooked a little more, they were crunchy and I don't like them like that. I will retry on the next visit.

Hubby got a steak, cheese, and mushroom. He said it was very good. He got the Onion rings and was disappointed. They were greasy and not as good as the one in Tempe. 

We also got an order or cheese bread and it was awesome.

The can probably hold about 25 inside and they have tables outside which is where we sat since the weather was so nice.

Over all I wish them the best of luck and plan to go back again.
So, I'm not trying to be funny when I say this But I wish I could have gave this place  Zero Stars. As far as the Service it wasn't that great but l i'll give them the benefit of the doubt since its new and they have Teens working up front. It was my first time going there so I wish she told me I could have a flavor crust she told the two people after me thou. And one of them got there Pizza before me not sure how that happen The pizza wasn't good at all to be honest but  $5.00 Large 1 topping pizza  you can't expect Greatness but I do expect better then that. Now on to the Philly Cheesesteak Hands down one of the worst Cheesesteaks I've had if not the worst. I had the Philly Cheesesteak  with Grilled onions and Cheese Sauce. There was not one good thing about it, The bread was nasty and hard, there wasn't enough meat, Not sure if it was the Cheese or the Meat but it was was very salty. Its over priced also 7 bucks for a 8"in.. If was just want a Cheap pizza and don't care about taste I'll say got for it. But do not waste your money on the Philly Cheesesteak
I picked up a large 2 topping pizza for $7.70.  I thought the pizza was great.  My wife and son on the other hand, did not care for it.  I think it was due to the rosemary herb that is in their sauce.  I think it adds a great flavor.  Much better than Little Ceasar's and the same price.  I will be going back, although I i will try sandwiches for my wife and son next time.  Good pizza, especially for the $.
Great Food and Fast and Friendly Delivery!! Best Deal in town!!
Had steak hoagie. Was ok nothing special. Service was ok. We also ordered pizza....whoa big mistake..  1 notch above cardboard.
Stopped in for a slice with my son, large slice of pizza, generous toppings, a tad on the greasy side, but most likely due to the pepperoni.  all in all, thought it was good.  Food came out quickly, will stop in an try something else next time... Oh yea, no fountain drinks..... For me a negative
first and foremost I love Genos Tempe and Gilbert! so when I saw this open next to my dads place I was like pops we need to take you there, well this one not as good as the others

it is smaller it is in a old take out pizza joint but size shouldnt matter then i see the menu is slightly different they only have one size cheese steak which is strange to me.

The cheese steak the bread was slightly stale and this place does not compare with the meat portion that the others give you at Tempe and Gilbert you have to use a fork because of all the excess meat 

whoever is in charge of this location thumbs down!
had delivery last night - steak, cheese and mushroom hoagie was delicious!  took about 30-40 min for 3 cheesesteaks and bacon ranch fries.  Guy on the phone said the menu online is incorrect, though.
Just received our order from Geno's for NFL opening Sunday.  When I called the order in they said it would be an hour to an hour and a half.  OK, I can understand being busy on NFL opening Sunday, so I said it would be fine.  I ordered a Steak and Cheese Pizza, an order of parmesan garlic wings, a Geno's Famous (a steak, onions and cheese wiz sandwich) and an order of fries.
When the order arrived (almost exactly an hour and a half) there was grease literally dripping off of the pizza box.  I had to ask the delivery guy to borrow his rag to carry the pizza into my house.  The pizza was cold (like it had been sitting in the box for about an hour and fifteen minutes!).  The sandwich had virtually no cheese on it (come on guys, we all know how much cheese wiz costs!) and it was not even warm.  The wings were so dry they were inedible....we threw them away.  The fries were a big soggy mass of potatoes.  On top of all that I was asked if I wanted Ranch or Bleu Cheese.  I said Bleu Cheese and guess what.....I got Ranch!
The only reason it even gets one star is thet after we re-heated the pizza, it was actually very tasty.  NEVER, EVER AGAIN WILL I ORDER FROM GENO'S.  And believe me, I will tell everyone I know not to bother with Geno's.
Ordered two pizzas for delivery today and was told 1 hour wait, pizza showed up almost a hour and a half later. Person who delivered was during like a mad man and you could tell as soon as you opened the box. Pizza was cold, go figure. I'll never go here again.
Craving a good Philly Cheesesteak.and I got one here.
Ordered a philly with chicken instead of steak and provolone cheese. One of the tastiest chicken phillys I've ever had. Chicken was tender and flavorful and cooked perfectly. The portion was generous as well. 

Geno's looks like some huge national chain,, but it's a small local chain owned by a few different people. I've never once been disappointed by their food or service. This location is no exception and I'm a huge fan.
First time ordering from Geno's anywhere... they charged me a $2 delivery fee and got my order wrong.  I spent $35 for 2 sandwiches, fries, and an order of wings.  When I called them back... the Manager informed me it is their owners policy to take the food that was being replaced back.  Not only did I have a bad experience with the wrong food being delivered, the correct order was delivered 35 minutes later, and when I handed the driver the previous order... he responded, "your kidding me".  I called the Manager and she did not really care... just pushed it off on the owner's policy.  To say the least i will NEVER order from them again.
My sister takes care of a teenage boy who will only eat Geno's pizza. She brought some home one day and told me that I had to try it. The pizza was pretty good, but paired with the ranch it was awesome! We also had the garlic bread which was really yummy. Definitely going there again!
At first I wasn't impressed. Right when we walked in, all we saw was flies everywhere and it was a little warm. The staff didn't seem to care and weren't professional... Despite all of that, the food was great and the prices are very cheap! I will return and I would recommend this place to anyone!
Why 4 stars you ask? The cook came out and chatted a little bit with me when asking about Rosatis Pizza and where it went. 


My only critique is the inside, after having sitting in there for 10 minutes it was hot in there ( hot enough to break out in a small sweat ). No not because of the hot pizza, probably because the ac temp was set above 80°.


The pizza slices where generous in size and hot! Sunday afternnoon with noone in front of me. I got my pizza in 5-8 minutes. Paid 6 somethin for 2 slices. C'mon by and give em a try!
if I could give more stars I would.  This place is awesome!!!! Their Gluten Free Pizza is actually pizza!  Its the best Ive ever had.  I just moved down the street and Ive already eatn there 4 times!!!  THANKS GENOS!!!!
It's not a bird, or a plane or Superman. It's Super Pizza!!! Or is it? They REALLY need to change the name to Super Chicken Fingers or even Super Ranch Dressing. Super Pizza is a little extreme and needs to roid up and squat it out to live up to that name.

Super Chicken Fingers has the biggest, crispiest, white meat grubbin', butter lovin' fangers and sauce. You will lick your fingers and yes they will still taste good cold. The Super Ranch is loaded with Dill and the co-star is Garlic. Usually garlic is the leading lady, but not in this show. Only sometimes does the Dill seem to be showcased which is one of the reason I can't give Super Chicken Fingers 5 Stars. 

The pizza? Ain't all that super. It was decent and they seem to use quality ingredients, but the amount of cheese they loaded on to my pie was overwhelming and made it hard for me to enjoy the pie. I might as well put it directly on to my gut and thighs and rub it in real good using gentle strokes while listening to Frank Ocean by candlelight. A mozzarella cheese sensual massage. Yup, that would be super. This pie has major potential just don't use a heavy hand unless you are pouring me a stiff one and we can be friends.

The prices seem to be the same as every other pizza place. When it comes to pizza I just see red and don't care about prices or world peace or tomorrow. I definitely recommend giving them a chance. Especially after they read this review. 

P.S.
I think the employees should be required to wear capes and man tights.
Terrible food. Worse customer service. 
We had a large pizza delivered tonight and after just one bite we couldn't help but notice there was something wrong. The crust felt like it was dipped in sand. Little yellow crumbs all over the bottom of every slice that were hard as rocks. When we called to complain we were told it was corn meal and "that's just the way we make our pizza and, if we wanted to, we could drive the pizza back to the store and get another"! They refused to deliver a replacement! Unacceptable! If you like pizza that taste like it has a bunch of crushed, uncooked popcorn kernels mixed into the dough, then you will love this place
These folks are super friendly. And if you like east coast pizza & steaks, this is seriously THE BEST PLACE IN TOWN. 

Two stars? Who wrote those reviews?

Ive been here three times. All three times the staff have been very personable and polite, and the food has been good. They even gave me suckers for the kids. 

Tonight i finally knuckled down & tried the cheesesteak. I say knuckled down because every other place Ive tried cheesesteaks in vegas has been a disappointment or a disaster (who puts a cheesesteak on a hotdog roll? Believe it or not ive seen that in vegas. Bleck!). Which makes me a bit gunshy. 

For no cause tonight. I was so happy to have an amoroso roll i nearly cried. 

It was kind of a madhouse cuz tonight was a school fundraiser, but despite all the chaos they were still very polite and personable. 

The owners are husband & wife and they came out and talked to us. The hubby (the chef) said if you wear eagles wear during football season, its 50% off your order!

BOOYEAH!!!!!!!!
First time at Super Pizza.  Was very impressed with the service and the pizza was great!  They gave us free garlic bites (which were very good) and a dessert. It's a keeper!
They are called Super Pizza, but We came here for some Cheesesteak action after reading about it on a recent talk thread.

Marvel Superheroes decorate the restaurant here, and the workers are very personable. We ordered a cheesesteak to share. The question was-did we want it "Wit' Cheese?(Provolone) or "Wit' Whiz? (Cheese Whiz) I asked the lady if they could do half and half, and she said"no problem".....NICE! Unfortunately Amoroso Rolls are no longer used because they would buy them frozen, and as soon as they got to Vegas, the quality wasn't the same, so they use a local bakery. The Lady assured me it was pretty damn close to the real deal, so I said to do it up like the locals do, with onions, peppers, and the two different cheeses. We also decided to order a cherry pie for dessert.

The Cheesesteak arrives and let me tell you, it is enough for two people! They serve it with skinny fries like Freddy's and very filling. although both of them were good, I prefer the provolone over the whiz. The pie was also good and different, being made from pizza dough, it was crisp, and chewy, and the filling wasn't overly sweet.

Forget Pops, this is the place to get your cheesesteak fix. Returning to try their pizzas in the future as well.They ARE Super Pizza right? Their pizzas must be super!?!?
ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(84/100) "Cheesesteak Search"
This place was a topic on the Las Vegas Yelp Talk forum so its only natural I check it out since there were high praises. Props to Kathy B for spreading the word out on this place. It's always good to support your local mom and pop shop.

With that said I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Hoagie. They bring it out to my table and I was amazed at how big it was! (That's what she said) I gotta say it was about a foot long. The bread itself seemed like it was freshly baked. Not bad for about 8 bucks.

If you check out their menu, they have plenty of other choices like chicken fingers, wings, fries, hot and cold sandwiches, calzones, strombolis, and of course, pizza! Heck, they even have cannoli's! They have all sorts of different specials everyday.

Service is very commendable. From the moment I walked in to the moment I walked out, the hospitality was pleasant. Bathrooms are nice and clean. The décor suits their name for they have all sorts of super hero stickers on their walls.

So whenever I am in the area, this place will definitely be on my radar as one of my lunch choices for I still have all of the other items I mentioned above to try.
Super Pizza is on the way home from work so it was time to try the cheesesteak. Very friendly staff here. My order came out so quickly cuz we talked the whole time. Came to find out they do not use the amoroso rolls anymore. Not that big a disappointment to me. They would never be as fresh as getting them in Philly.
The cheesesteak was very good. Very flavorful and a big portion. I will definitely be back. I have to try the pizza again. I had a slice but they put more cheese on when reheating it. I would have asked them not to do that but didn't see this terror taking place. Not a fan of adding anything for a reheating of pizza. It's either there or not.
Super pizza did call back and apologized and replaced our whole order. Much better the second time. Meant to post this sooner but when I logged on to yelp the review was gone
I used to make fun of the name of this place because what kind of name is "Super" Pizza?. I was going to count it as a generic pizza place until I found a coupon on the back of a receipt at Smiths. My gf convinced me to go there and after reading the reviews I figured I should try the pizza (even though most people kept talking about their philly cheesesteak).

With superhero stickers all around the inside, I get where the "super" part comes from. We dined in and grabbed a large Pepperoni, Bacon and Ham pizza. On top of that when talking to the waitress they made some cheesy bread sticks (per request) which was really good. It wasn't like my hometown ones but the fact that they attempted something off of their menu which was still delicious was awesome.

As for the pizza. The crust was spectacular all the ingredients were fresh. I don't know what was in the cheese and sauce, but this was pretty much one of the best pizza's I've ever had. I love pizza in general so for me there really isn't a such thing as a bad pizza. But I am a major fan. I can see myself gaining some extra pounds at this place.

Check it out though!
I have no doubt that this is THE BEST pizza in Henderson, no in Las Vegas.  It's a great Mom and Pop restaurant the owners were super friendly and helpful.  Joey M. had a request for them to make some cheesy bread that wasn't on the menu and they were more than happy to oblige.  The dough for the pizza and for the bread sticks are the best quality I've ever tasted.  The dough was light and fluffy, but the crust of the pizza were crisp, it had a great garlic taste that really brought out the flavor of the pizza.  The pizza sauce tastes like it was home made too, very tomatoey and you can taste the herbs in the sauce.  The best thing is probably the quality of the toppings.  The cheese was the best I've ever tasted in a restaurant's pizza.  The pepperoni was spicy, the bacon was crispy, and the ham was fresh and sweet.  We got a large pizza which is 16" take-out special for $8.97 for plain cheese and extra for each topping.  We can usually finish a large pizza pretty easily, but I could only eat one slice of pizza, Joey had three slices.  We were more than happy to take the other half home and finish it today!  The large pizza with 3 toppings, special request of bread sticks, one soda came to about $22.
Read all the reviews about fresh ingredients and the pizza so we just got a vedgie pizza delivered. Honestly, I am really diappointed with the quality. Nothing about our pizza was actually fresh, the vedgies (peppers, mushrooms, etc.) were all canned vegetables. We won't be ordering pizza from here again for this reason. Gross. To the owners: don't be cheap with your ingredients or customers will notice and not return.
It pains me to give super pizza the rating I gave it, but I feel like I have no choice.  I really wanted to like this place, for me it's close to my school and it had good rating on yelp, however this is not going to be a glowing review.  I came here with some friends from school with a hankering for pizza, and I wanted to find a "go to" spot that I could count on to kill my frequent pizza cravings.  Upon entering I noticed a Philadelphia eagles jersey hanging and asked, "hey are you guys from Philly?"  They were, and I took this as a good sign as Philly has great pizza.  I immediately put in an order for the special, two slices with a drink; I found a seat with my classmates and awaited my meal.  Here is where the wheels came off this wagon.   I waited, and waited, and waited some more.  Now keep in mind I came in before any sort of rush, yet my pizza never came.  I watched as everyone in my party got their food, I even saw other customers come in and get their food, and still I waited.  When I went up to inquire about my pizza they said, "yup you got the two slices" acknowledging that I had placed an order even before I had spoken to ask where my pizza was.  Then they said, "we're making a new one", again all before I even asked.   Now I completely understand that when you're making fresh food sometimes you run out and have to make more, this doesn't bother me.  When you don't do anything to let the customer know that you're running behind, or really care that somebody is on a lunch break and doesn't have two hours to get food, this kind of makes me upset. 
 Beyond that I though the way they spoke to me was dismissive, and I feel like they didn't care to make things right in any shape or fashion.  I mean they even charge 50 cents for soda refills, can you at least offer one of those or just say I'm sorry?  I don't really care for freebies, or try to milk the system so I would have declined, but it's the act of offering that shows you care and are trying to save a bad customer experience.  I ended up going to the counter one more time to ask them to wrap up the pizza to go which they did (but gave me a look that signaled they were not pleased with me).  I threw the box in my car, and went to my class late.   I don't think I'll be going there again and it really sucks, because to be fair, the food was good (my friends let me nibble off of their food so I found out).  I wanted to bump up their rating on that alone, but let's face it customer service means a lot, and sadly it's lacking from this establishment.
This review is for the cheesesteak only.
The location itself is kind of hard to find. Look for the gas station and towards the back.
My classmates and I came here during lunch and there was no wait. We all opted for the half cheesesteak + fries lunch combo for around $5. It took them awhile to serve us but it was well worth the wait. Good thing I picked 1/2 since it was the size of my arm! (maybe subway can learn a thing or two). I honestly couldn't finish the whole thing off. Delicious steak covered in melted cheese and sautéed onions and mushroom = delicious! Couldn't have asked for more.
This is a small, family owned place (from the looks of it when my kids went) which is a GOOD thing because we LOVE family owned places. The food was good, friendly service and we would return! I wish they were located in a busier place. Anyway, we enjoyed the experience! :-)
I called to order delivery during lunch time.  Because of the great reviews, I decided to try the cheese steak......and got a side of fried mushrooms.

I was told it would take 30 minutes to deliver.  I pre-paid for everything and included a $5 tip on a $15 order.   After 45 minutes passed, I called to see where my order was.  She was suprised it hadn't arrived yet and even said how slow they were today.

About 5 minutes later it showed up.  Don't know why people rave about the cheesesteak because I thought it was pretty average.  And the fried mushrooms were almost cold because they were so late.
My son turned me on to super pizza through his wood shop teacher at green valley high school. I really love their pizza ! And I have to say , I never got a crappy order from them. Even their chicken wings and fingers are awesome! Their staff is ready to please! Whatever you want, they make it ! And delivery is Free! If you like pizza this is the place !!!!
The pizza was great! Also ordered funnel fries which were amazing. The prices were low which makes it even better!
Wow. Another shout-out to my Yelpie friends for writing about this place. Their cheesesteaks are amazing. I got it with mushrooms, onions and sweet peppers for around $7-8. (I can't remember and I don't see it on their online menu.) Getting it with the mushroom and peppers is the way to go. 

Their cheesesteaks are huge, the length of my wrist to my elbow and they have the most amazing sweet peppers on them. I can only think of one other place that has peppers this delicious and that's Secret Pizza, on their combo slice. I don't know what they do, it must be an East Coast thing, but it's way better than just fresh peppers that are fried up. 

The steak is also smothered in a white cheese (provolone?) and for the price its a good deal. Can easily feed two people. Yes, it's the best Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had. 

Their pizza is good too, typically New York style. 

This would be a great stop for kids as there's super heroes plastered over all the walls and tables.
I am a little disappointed that I hadn't known about the cheesesteak until recently. I might have had it occasionally for lunch back when I was frequenting places in this area such as Ross J's and Chicken Shack, whose menus don't contain cheesesteak.

I had an errand to run in the vicinity, so I used the Yelp online ordering system to order ahead, courtesy of something called Eat24 that I'm not too familiar with. It's pretty cool - easy to specify what you want, make any special requests, select what time (5-minute intervals) you want it to be ready, and even leave a tip if you'd like.

I had selected a 12:00 pickup time but happened to get there 10 minutes early. Luckily, they were already getting it ready, so I had a small wait and was able to glance around. I guess they're Philadelphia Eagles fans, although I don't know if they'll air the non-nationally televised games. I do like the superheroes plastered all over the walls. I think my friend would like this place since he's a big fan of comic book characters (again, sad for lost opportunities).

So, the cheesesteak. I picked the super cheesesteak (onions, peppers, mushrooms for $7.95), which was actually not on the web site for some reason. I forgot about selecting a cheese, so they defaulted to provolone. It was pretty good! Tender meat throughout, pretty decent bread, just wish the filling wasn't so center-skewed so that I didn't have to start biting the ends off or else risk having empty bread at the end.

Given that it didn't pick up my tongue and slap the insides of my mouth with it, I wouldn't say it's a sandwich that's a must-try in the Vegas/Henderson area. But it's definitely a should-try if you're a local or passing nearby, and it beats the _cheesesteak_ at Capriotti's handily (maybe not the other sandwiches). I approve.
This place is amazing ! Food amazing service amazing ! Environment great what more can you ask for plus the prices are reasonable
It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't consider it good pizza. As a former Chicagoan, it is difficult to find a good pizza anywhere but home. I understand it is supposed to be New York style but the term is so dilluted that it means nothing anymore.

I will give them another shot. 

Garlic knots were doughy and needed more cheese and garlic. Pizza crust was crunchy on the edge and super soggy in middle. Also pepperoni didn't seem cooked enough, althpugh not a health risk, as a pepperoni lover I lile mine crisp on the edges.
Tried Super Pizza today because of the recommendation of a great friend.  We loved it.  Friendly service & yummy pizza.  I especially liked the crust. After dinner, we tried the funnel cake fries! Strips of funnel cake with a little powdered sugar on top.  Yummy!  Prices are very reasonable.
I got a cheesesteak delivered; the lunch combo with the soda and fries. Extra whiz and add mushrooms. A decent deal and it tasted aight. I wouldn't say it was GOOD; it was mediocre at best. The fries were pretty tasty, but it's hard to screw up fries. I probably won't do it again because the reviews said the cheesesteaks are the best thing they have....
My dad ordered pizza while visiting him.  They had a one topping special.  It was good.  What I liked best was the size of their slices - huge.  Did not care for the sausage, sliced like pepperoni.
I really like Super Pizza! Great pizza, and fast delivery. I'm more than pleased. I'll have to try more than pizza to give it a solid 5, but I haven't been able to get myself to order anything different. My fault!
We ordered the White Pizza,Pepperoni and sausage and a cheese pizza. All were fantastic, the white was phenomenal ricotta, garlic and mozzarella tasty and piping hot . Quality ingredients friendly  atmosphere and the staff are awesome friendly . Love the Super Heroes all around . If you want authentic east coast NY/NJ style pizza this place is a must! Oh the cannoli is divine! Definitely will go back again and again!
This is a mom and pop type of Philly Cheesetake place. It recently opened up in the former Catfish Alley. The cheesesteaks at Hanks are full of flavor and all quite delicious! From the original Philly to the Pizza Steak and Chicken Philly, you will not be disappointed. The owners are from Philadelphia, so they know what it takes to make a great cheesesteak sandwich. It does take a little while for the chicken cheese steaks to be made, but well worth the wait. Stop by if you're in the area. It's located off of Silverado Ranch & Bermuda in the Fresh & Easy shopping center.
Love, love, love this place. 

Very good philly cheese steaks. Good cheese, good bread, good meat. 

It's completely a mom and pop shop which I love even more. The two owners are super friendly, and seem to truly care about their food and customers. 

Be sure to get the american cheese on your philly! Super delicious. 

The cheese fries are pretty good too. I did the cheese wiz on mine, but you can do any of their cheese. 

It's in the fresh and easy parking lot. My GPS said it was on the side of the road where it was just desert, so be careful ! 

Can't wait to go back, just wish it wasn't so far from me.
This place is great if you want a real cheese steak! And it is a real mom and pop place and they are super nice folks! They use hand sliced ribeye and for that true taste get the cheese whiz! Give them a try!
Simply put... EXCELLENT! The folks cut the rib eye steak themselves. It is the best beef around, and makes an excellent sandwich.

Hank's is a simple place, in the true tradition of Philly cheese steak places. The menu--well, you're choice of cheese steak sandwiches, of course! You can get fries, but this place focuses on doing one thing well, and they hit a home run!

You can get a traditional, Philly style sandwich with Cheez Whiz. Look out Pat and Geno, you've got competition out west! My preference is for provolone, but it is so nice to have regional food that is truly authentic!

On word of caution: if you're not used to a Philly accent, you better brush up. These folks are as real as they come, and do an incredible job.
Great bun... Really flavorful meat.. Good fries...I will be back.. One of the best cheesesteaks in vegas. only thing making it not 5 out of 5... The bun needs to be cut in half and the meat needs to be chopped up more.  Otherwise great.
I'm new to the neighborhood and it turns out Hanks is too. We met the friendly owners from Philadelphia and they said they've been open about six weeks. They already have a strong following from folks from Philly so it must be legit. I've never been to Philly, but I know what I like and these are great sandwiches. 

The menu is simple which is my preference. Do a few things and do them well. In Hanks' case its five sandwiches and fries. At another Philly joint I like the provolone better than the cheez whiz, but here the Philly Joe with 1/2 Cheese Whiz and 1/2 melted American is better ($6.99). The provolone with grilled onions was a bit dry. That Philly Joe is top notch. All sandwiches come on a 9" bun. If I were nitpicking, I'd like a smaller bun stuffed with the same portion of toppings.

We had cheese fries too ($2.99) they're crinkle cut and topped with Cheez Whiz they reminded me of steak fries. Light and fluffy. 

We'll definitely be back. You can call in take out orders too.
Had the Philly w/American cheese.

The bread here is ridiculous! I loved the flavor of the different cheeses and the meat was delicious...My only complaint is that in my opinion the sandwich could have been stuffed with A LOT more steak.

I will definitely try Hank's again when I'm in the mood for a real Philly.
I'm with Paul, the sandwich was a little light on the steak.  However, it was DAMN GOOD!  Really, this is the best Philly Steak I've had.  The staff is great, made it fresh to order and the bread was AMAZING!  I had the Philly Joe and my wife had the one with provolone.  Mine was better (we both agreed) but they were both excellent.  Oh, they have real Coke in the bottle too (with sugar, not HFCS).  YUM!!  We'll be back!!
Horrible!! I went there monday 7-8-13 and was highly dissappointed. The steaks were super greasy, so were the fries and the peppers. There was hardly any cheese or meat on the sandwiches. In addition they were super expensive $40 for 3 sandwiches and 2 fries. Not to mention they charge extra for sweet and hot peppers, who does that? I should've just taken the whole order back and got a refund. If you want good cheesesteaks go elsewhere!
ok.  this review cannot wait.  i am in the middle of my sandwich and it is the best cheese steak i have ever had.  holy ****.
Where's the beef? Very little beef on the sandwich.  Got the Philly with Am. Cheese sandwich. The cheese was over-melted, you could not tell if it had cheese on it. No peppers and very little onions on this sandwich.
So in the last few months I haven't written many reviews due to a horrible case of writer's block.   It was going to take something of amazing to break me out of this spell.  It was going to take.....  the best Philly Cheesesteak I've had in Vegas.

A little background:   My dad is from Philly and as such I've grown up with cheesesteaks my entire life.  I've been back east with him a few times and each and every time I have a cheesesteak or two and formulate mental comparisons.   My favorites that I've had there are Jim's and Steve's (side note:  how come 95% of cheesesteak places are opened by people with the most common one syllable names in the US?)   When I read about Hank's opening up, and right by my house nonetheless, I'll be honest I was a little wary.   While I'm not picky in the least bit and can eat anything from a homemade cheesesteak using steak-umms and american cheese to capriotti's version to stake out's etc etc and be happy, I also realize that it's incredibly difficult to replicate geographic favorites all the way across the country.  I tried to keep expectations low knowing that there was a good chance this would be "just another cheesesteak" 

After chatting with the owners for a few minutes, my hope started to rise.  Hank (is it safe to presume his name was Hank?  I forgot what he told me) was telling me about the kind of meat, the differences in meats between various places back East, and basically was a walking encyclopedia of cheesesteak knowledge.  If this guy isn't updating the wikipedia entry on cheesesteaks, he should be.  Then the golden words:  he told me that his cheesesteak was most closely going to resemble Steve's from Philly.  SOLD.  

I ordered a Philly Joe based on recommendations here, and I also ordered cheese fries and some hot cherry peppers on the side because I'm a glutton for lactose intolerance and hot fiery things in my belly induced punishment.  It was definitely worth it.   For $6.95 you get 9 inches of the best quality steak I've had on a cheesesteak out here.   Whatever it's costing him to fly this meat out to Vegas, it's worth every penny.  The cheese got all gooey and messy and it helped that I devoured the whole thing in about the same amount of time it would take most people to finish unwrapping it.  This was the closest I've come in Vegas to the taste of the cheesesteaks I've had in Philly.

The cheese fries were good, and I easily finished off the order, but they wouldn't be something I would order regularly since I try not to eat like a complete degenerate every time I go out.  The cheesesteak though might be too good to resist.

5 stars for officially setting the bar for me on a Vegas Cheesesteak.
I loveee this place!! The owners are probably one of the nicest people. Their sandwiches are realllyyyy good! Super tasty and filling.. Also the fries are great. I tried the regular fries but really want to try their cheese fries when I go there next. The place is really clean. I would definitely recommend this place!
Went here on Thursday for lunch after checking Yelp for cheesesteaks in Vegas.  I had narrowed it down to three places, but there was something about the reviews that pulled me to Hank's.  I was rewarded for trusting my instincts.  The couple that owns and runs the place is charming and delightful, with thick Philadelphia accents.  

I ordered the Philly Joe (1/2 cheese whiz and 1/2 melted american with grilled onions) based on the couple's recommendation.  It took a while to make, but it was worth the wait.  First off, I don't like 'american' cheese, but this wasn't anything like kraft singles.  The sandwich was glorious.  Have you ever had something so delicious that you regret eating it quickly?  It was out of this world.  

The meat is high end ribeye, so you're not going to get a huge amount of steak if that's what you expect, but the taste is phenomenal.  The bread may have been the most amazing thing: the perfect firmness and it really makes the sandwich memorable.  It is a little messy to eat, but I wasn't even self-conscious about licking the wax paper.

I've never been to Philly, but I've had cheesesteak sandwiches from over a hundred places all over the country, from Subway to gastropubs and everything in between.  This is hands down the best Philly cheesesteak I've had in my life.  To really be impartial, I should go to other places in Vegas and try their versions.  

But why bother?  I've already struck gold!
I was on vacation when I came to this wonderful place. This is a mom and pop's cheesesteak shop. They took their time to prepare the delicious cheesesteaks which my boyfriend and I enjoyed very much. You know these cheesesteaks are made with love just by the looks and of course the taste of it. I had to get another cheesesteak sandwich before I head back to the Bay Area. We tried the Philly cheesesteak and the Philly Joe both times. The meat was thinly sliced, not chopped up like many other places. Real steak baby! The bread was out of this world! They have the meat and bread delivered all the way from Philadelphia. Usually other cheesesteak shop's bread gets soggy but not this place. The second time we added bell peppers and red cherry peppers for extra cost in there and it tasted even better. I will be visiting this place again when I come to Vegas. I'll try to post the pictures I took. Hope this review helps. :)

http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/P3y7MlgrR6Qe-MNK4xn1Hw/l.jpg

http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/1kof1252fFgcZzfd82gL2A/l.jpg
After moving from south Philly a year ago, we got a craving for cheesesteak sammiches. We have been duped and fooled by so many "Philly steak" places our expectations were low. This place was the real Mccoy!  
The bread: Not Amorosos, but that's only for hoagies IMHO, These rolls were as close to Sarcones (Non seeded) as I have seen in the valley. 
The meat: Spot on!  Rib eye sliced thin and chopped up, not a steak-um slab. 
Real wiz, not the welfare brand petroleum stuff many places use. 
Service: Excellent. The owners are from 10th and Dickinson area and are super nice.
I highly recommend this place. Youse guys should go here.
My wife brought this home for dinner and I was extremely disappointed. The meat was awful. It might as well have been steak'ems except steak'ems doesn't have fatty and grizzly meat. It was like two giant thin pieces of over cooked steak. I tried adding mayo and hot sauce but it didn't help. I ended up throwing away 75% of the sandwich. Extremely disappointed. Capriotti's is 10x better.
Being from South Jersey, we know good steak sandwiches.  A friend who is a Philly transplant recommended Hank's.  I sandwiches are fabulous!  I had mine with fried onions, provolone cheese, and hot cherry peppers.  I got a side of sweet potato fries.  The bread is flown in almost daily from Philadephia.  The owner showed us the whole hunk of ribeye as he was getting ready to slice it.  It was a beautiful, well marbled piece of ribeye.  The prices are very reasonable.  There was a steady flow of customers the whole time that we were in there. 
Thank you for yummy steak sandwiches!
Super nice people!! great to have the feel of being back in Philly! sandwiches are delicious!  Anyone who thinks that the local steak places like capriottis are better just don't know what a philly cheesteak is supposed to be! There could be a little more meat, but it is so good!
Best Philly in Las Vegas I've ever had! Sad that geris closed on trop but once I discovered this place it's no question and a lot better. They use fresh and expensive meat the rolls are a lot better than great buns and amorosos. You can tell easily. It makes Pops on Decatur and what you get at the San gennaro feast taste like garbage. This is the real deal the owners are very cool from Philly and taught me what a real Philly is.dont waste your money at the canival ever again go to Hanks!
Hank is one nice guy and very accommodating. Finally a real Philly steak sandwich in Vegas. The bread, meat and cheez wiz unmatched as some restaurants have attempted to imitate.This is the real thing. Pat, Stevie and Geno would be proud. My favorite, the Philly Jo with extra onions. A gourmet meal on an imported roll from Phila. Delicious and amazing! Hank, when are you opening on the strip?
I was deprived of food, and thought I might try this place out after work. They ship their steak from Philly, and it's definitely quality over quantity. I ordered a Philly Cheese Steak with Kraft Cheese Whiz, and mhmmmmm, twas top notch. The bread had this crunch to it, and everything was well proportioned without anything being overpowering. I'd definitely recommend this place.

The owners of this place are also extremely friendly! I like happy people. c:
Stopped by after work for easy dinner. They didn't have exactly what I wanted on the menu so I talked with the owner/cashier/cook and we came up with exactly what I wanted, which he made, exactly like I asked and it was perfect. Just the right amount of meat for the bread. Just enough cheese to go with the meat and not overpower it and OH those hot peppers. The perfect touch. I will definitely be back.
I hold out for 5 stars.....

This is a great place. Excellent steak and cheese and fries. Had sweet potato fries which were perfecr.

Much better than Capriottis. Their rolls were much better.

Great service. Down to earth owners who work the counter. Excellent quality.

Will be back for more!
The reviews don't lie. This place is awesome. Nice and friendly owners and quick service. One of the best phillys I've had in a long time. I will become a regular here soon. Dukedom here I come.
Warm, super-friendly service and an incredible philly. The meat is sliced, juicy and perfectly seasoned and the bread is light, soft and fresh. You have a choice of whiz or melted cheeses, and everything was made to order - and with a lot of love. Best philly in town. Better than pop's, in my opinion.
Can't say that I'm a Philly Cheesesteak aficionado, but after reading so many positive reviews and driving by this place relatively often I had to give it a shot. I think it was a combination of it being a super cold night and that the food was just that good, but I really, really enjoyed my sandwich from Hank's.

I had a chance to chat with both Hank and his wife and they were very excited to know that their positive Yelp reviews led me to trying them out. I figured if I was going to try this place, I better go with the signature sandwich, a philly cheesesteak with cheeze-wiz, grilled onions, and mayo. I know mayo isn't everyone's cup o' tea on this sammich, but it works for me, so there! I loved it. The meat was tender and had great flavor. The cheeze-wiz, which I had never had on a sandwich, made it really moist and had so much cheese flavor in every bite. I ordered the onions well done, and they were perfect, sweet. The bread was absolutely stellar.

The ambiance is lacking a bit. I probably wouldn't plan to eat there, I'd just take it home. It was Monday night and some made for TV type movie was playing on their nice flat screen TV, not Monday Night Football which was kind of weird. It's pretty bare in there and could use some sprucing up. Not dirty or trashy at all, just kind of blah-zay.

We need more small business owners/foodies like this. I definitely recommend giving Hank's a try! Their sammiches are off the heezy.
Went here on a whim before going to work to get some lunch. My mom and pop shops are usually the best if you are looking for something that's not local. Walked in, everything looked clean. Took a look at the menu and didn't really cared much. Asked Greg to get me whatever he thinks is the best and that my lunch is in his control. He made me a Philly Joe with mushrooms on it. Talked to Laura and Hank and they are amazing. Great people from Philly cooking philly cheese steaks right. I made a complete mess eating it and that's how it's supposed to be. Definitely coming back. Great personality. Great real authentic food. What more can I want?
The meat was so tender and juicy.  The service was more like sitting in someones kitchen then a restaurant.  I felt very welcome and at home.  My husband and I got the Philly Joe and the original Philly with some cheese fries to go.  I would suggest not getting cheese fries to go, they are messy and get a little soggy when wrapped up, but still very delicious.  The bread was chewy and super fresh.  I plan to go back again ASAP.
Where do I start? The food is fantastic.ade to order. I got the small classic Philly Cheese steak "wit", onions. PERFECTION. The fries were perfect. The service: friendly, happy and a pleasure to be around. All in all, Hank's will be a place that the hubby and I will come to on a regular basis. My advice? TRY IT!'
Hanks is owned and run by an elder couple from Philly. They are very friendly and love what they do. The cheesteaks are awesome! Meat is perfectly cooked, the bread is good, and the cheesesteak is delicious! If you want a classic philly cheesesteak get a wiz wit(cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions). Hanks is a great establishment run by very friendly owners. I highly recommend that you check them out!
Far and away the best cheese steak I've had!

OK, the owners here are great.  Uber friendly and they obviously have passion for what they do.  I've always said that whatever you do, do it well.  We talked for 10 minutes about what makes their sandwich so good.

Get a cheese steak (obviously) and top it how you like.  Personally that means peppers and mushrooms but no onion.  I opted for provolone though if you want to get dirty I hear the cheese wiz is a killer choice.  No chopped steak here, no, nestled in the bun is a steak grilled to perfection.  OK, I can't take it.  I need another
My husband and I went there to try their highly recommended philly cheese steak and it was awesome!  We got it with cheez whiz (apparently it is the only proper way) and with onions and peppers.  Like I said... it was great!  We got a side of their plain fries and it was good also.
First ever review for me. I have to do it because of all the great reviews for Hanks are so overstated. Overall I rate Hanks below average. I had the original cheesesteak with whiz onion and peppers. There were only two other customers when we arrived and it still took over 15 mins for our 2 sandwich and 1 fry order. The fries came out 5 min before the sandwich. The meat was unseasoned and extremely bland. The salt shaker on the table was 3/4 full but was hard as a rock. The ketchup was so watered down it was gross. I have had better cheesesteaks so much better at so many places in town I find it hard to believe the reviews in here. Obviously they are not genuine. I have nothing to gain nor lose by my review...just being perfectly honest!! I gave it one star because to ppst my review I had too.
Whoever orders from here is crazy. I ordered two "famous" cheese steaks. Both weren't started until 15 minutes after I ordered. They cool each order 1 at a time. 

The sandwich was bland, there was no salt, the mushrooms were clearly from frozen and not cooked long enough. The meat count was skimpy as well. 

This place claims to have been on the Food Network, but less than 6 months ago it was a catfish restaurant. 

Basically Gino's in Philly has absolutely nothing to worry about.
Tried Hanks for the first time a couple days ago and it was really good. I liked the fact that it was shaved lean steak as opposed to grounded up steak. The owner was very friendly as well. I will definitely be going back.
Since I've moved to Las Vegas I've been looking for a Philly wit wiz, has to have the wiz!!!!!! Well it looks like I've found the place and it's right down the street! The owners are from Philly and came here to open their Philly shop, super friendly and are great to chit chat with. They don't cut corners around here, fresh not frozen meat, freshly cut to order and rolls are shipped in from Philly. The decor is lacking, but who's here to look at the walls. We will definitely be back! Only thing I'd like to see added is a selection of chips.
Good luck in getting one of their Tarantini Panzarottis! We've tried three separate times to try one of these and they don't have any available because they need to thaw.(???)  Maybe they only serve them if you're with a tv show on the Food Network? Not sure but we're done trying.... really poor service!
Great mom and pop style deli. The owners are very friendly. Food is amazing but they are not the best at dealing with rushes. I would wait to have their Philly steaks any day though! 

The Usual: Philly steak, melted american cheese and grilled onions. Must try.
Great food and really good people. This is real authentic phillies

If you are looking for a Original philly with WIZ this is the place. 

It was so good that at 150lbs I ate 2 of the. This was fantastic.
Tried this place for the 1st time today becuase I love Philly steaks, this place is close to work, and it had such good reviews.  Overall I was dissapointed.  It's not terrible, but it's really not that great either.  I ordered a regular Philly cheese steak with just meat, and cheese.  Normally i like to add some spicier options to my cheese steak, but the options here were limited.  I do not like onions, or mushrooms, so I was left to just get a fairly plain cheese steak.  I wish they had some sort of hot peppers, but if they do it was not clearly advertised anywhere.  The bread was fantastic, seemed like it was homemade.  For cheese they have options of cheese whiz, provolone, or American.  I ordered provolone.  The cheese was ok.  The dissapointing part was the meat.  They used sliced beef instead of chopped.  I am not against either option.  The issue was that the meat severely lacked in flavor.  It seemed like there were absolutely no spices or anything to this meat.  The meat needs to have flavor otherwise what is the point.  I would much rather have a cheese steak from Capriotis sandwich shop or several other places that I have ordered from in the past.  I was excited to try this place, but sadly I can in no way give a 4 star, in fact this was a toss up between 2-3.  I love it when family owned (mom and pop) types of places open up, they are usually very good, but this is not one of the great ones from my experience.  Also, the price was around $9 for a regular cheese steak.  I would have expected my sandwich to be a bit fuller for that price.  I know without the extra toppings the size is smaller automatically, but it was still slightly undersized for the price I paid.
Lousy. My wife and I ate there and It came out to $32 for two full meals they charge an extra $1.00 for onions, $1.00 for bell peppers and $1.00 for mushrooms (even if you get the small). They have "pizza fries" that were frozen del taco style fries with nacho cheese and tasteless pizza sauce, what pizza has nacho cheese? Don't call that "pizza fries". The Philly cheese steak sandwiches were made with good sliced steak but lacked in flavor, very bland. I found myself adding extra salt and pepper. The folks working there were really nice which was the only good part about the experience. All in all this is not a place you want to go if you want to grab a quick affordable lunch you're looking spending at least $15 if you want fries and a drink. Sad to say I was disappointed with this place.
Yummy food! Love the Philly joe with bell pepper and hot peppers. The owners are super nice and always make me feel welcome :)
I was not impressed. Though, let me first say that the owner and staff are super friendly and nice. I just didn't care for the food.

This little spot is located in a strip mall. It's small and sparse, but has a nice homey feel. When I was here, there was no one else in the place.

I placed my order and opted for taking it to go. And everything was made fresh. The prices were ok. It can definitely add up, but it's nothing out of line with other area prices.

When I got home, I realized they gave me just regular fries, not the cheese fries I had ordered. And I'm not sure I got the right sandwich order. It sure didn't seem like there was any whiz in there. 

And the sandwich just didn't taste that good to me. I had high hopes. When I lived on the East Coast, I would literally drive to Philly just to have a steak sandwich. But this sandwich left me longing and failed to satisfy my craving. It wasn't inedible or anything. But I also picked it apart and ate little of it.

So all in all, this was a disappointing meal. However, I didn't try what they were featured on TV for. So perhaps I'll stop in again and try a different menu item.
Great little mom and pop type place, straight from the east coast. Super friendly owners who see you once and remember you forever. Try the Panzarotti! Yum. Fair prices and great service, you really can't go wrong. If you are an east coast transplant like myself, you will feel a little bit of home when you visit Hanks. Fly Eagles Fly!
Talk about hole-in-the wall goodness!  Hidden behind Jack in the Box...I was actually on my way there to get a Sourdough Jack before driving down to San Diego...boy am I glad the fiance mentioned trying this place! These philly steaks come on bread shipped from Philadelphia! The bread is soft and buttery inside with a perfectly toasted exterior.  The flavor and texture of the cheese steak keeps you going in for another bite even after you are stuffed.  I got the Herman special which comes with steak, provolone, mayo, grilled onions. The mayonnaise and provolone blended perfectly together. The texture of the steak was buttery smooth...I mean I'm finding a hard time  describing with words how delicious these philly steaks are...the cheese blends seem to have the perfect combination of seasoning!  The fiance got the Philly Joe (fittingly since his name is Joe)...steak,half cheese whiz, half American cheese with grilled onions.  He loves philly steaks and has probably tried all the ones in town and he says by far these are superior!  Apparently, the Philly Joe is the fan favorite, since the owner told me I'd be jealous of his order.  Honestly, how can you go wrong with cheese whiz?! Personally, I'm not a big fan of American cheese but this combo was delightful gluttony!  We didn't get a chance to try the original Tarantini Panzarotti, which was shown on the Food Netwok "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" - definitely next time!  As I'm writing this review, I'm planning my next visit here this week!
Best philly cheese steaks in Vegas. The meat is quality, the bread is the right amount of chewy (in a good way), and it's messy without falling apart, like it should be. These are authentic! The owner is super nice and loves to make conversation. He's straight from philly. I recommend getting the American cheese/whiz combo... Great combination of flavors. No need for anything but onions on these babies. They recently got a write up in LV Weekly, which I was glad to see as it is well-merited.
Unfortunately disappointed.

Had a great expectations since several of our friends from back East recommended us on numerous occasions.

We ordered:

1 large Philly cheesesteak at $8.99
2 fries at $2.50 each
2 regular can sodas at $1 each
1 side of wiz at $0.50

The large Philly was smaller than a small at Capriottis. The Philly meat seemed to be sliced and placed on a griddle, no seasoning. Maybe overcooked or just steamed through, but had no flavor. The wiz seemed to be a mix of 1/2 wiz and half American, which they offer, but we ordered wiz. The fries were definitely frozen Oreida and served way too hot. 

Prices are ridiculous, definitely feel as though we were nickel and dimed. Money is not a concern when the quality is there...but for 1 sandwich, 2 fries, 2 sodas and a side of cheese for $17, almost $18 with tax...??? Honestly you can definitely tell you are paying for the rent and not the food...if that makes any sense.

Possibly an off night for the mom and pop owners, who are very friendly...but the food was not notably worthy as the previous reviews suggest.
Too expensive for not real cheesesteaks, they were on a sandwich roll not even on a Philly roll. And everything is all a cart. And everything is way too overpriced, $35 for two people.
Awesome real philly steak sandwiches, like how they make them in Philly . They were just featured on travel channel.
I walked in and Greg the owner instantly said, "welcome back!" I had never been there so it was pretty funny! After a few bites of their great sandwiches I will be coming back! They use the same bread that's used in Philly and the meat and cheese was high quality stuff! 

Greg's wife sat down with me at the table while I waited for my sandwich and she was very nice as well! It's a small town feel in a big town and I think that's the best part!
Wow talk about being disappointed. You look at this guys website and you think wow this has to be the greatest cheesesteak I ever tasted in my whole life . But then again in his website he said that all the best Philly cheese steak places in Philadelphia does not chop up their steak he is 100 % wrong. If anybody knows I do cause I worked at the original cheesesteak place in Philadelphia the 1st cheestake joint the place where the cheesestake was invented Pats... First thing he does wrong is he does not season his meat. And the reason why I know is because i was standing by the counter and i didn't see him season the meat  At Pats the way we cooked our steaks is first we took 6 ounces (that was weighted in advanced ) of rib eye put it on the gill that was already splatted with a little bit of oil season the meat with salt a pinch of black pepper and Paparika... Hanks  not have does not  give you any meat  At all I doubt if there was 4 ounces of meat on that sandwich and maybe one slice of American cheese. I don't mind paying $10 for a sandwich but give me something to eat I could've eaten 4 of those sandwiches and I still would've been full.. I could tell that the meat was very good it was fresh and the bread was pretty good ..But for gods sake let's stop being a cheapskate I know about food cost but come on you're charging almost $10 for a freakin sandwich.. Talk about being a stone face the guy never smiled his wife I'm assuming it's his wife had nothing to say..
 I don't think they were ever is business before or managed a philly cheesestake place like there web site stated.... Have you guys ever heard of truth in advertising !!!!!All in all I don't think I would ever come back here
I have been looking all over Vegas thinking that I might find a great cheesesteak in Vegas, but sadly I am still looking. I order a philly pizza and there was one party in front of me. It took over ten minute for the sandwich to be made. When I got it there were 3 or 4 thicker pieces of steak meat. The sandwich, overall was ok, but not what I was looking for.
Back a year later and they are still as good as ever.
I'm from Philly, and I can't wait to have more and more cheesesteaks from here. Now my kids get to enjoy the real Philly
Mom & Pop shop...my second visit and I love it! Food is made to order, good customer service and food is delisH!
I give this place one star because of owner attitude.  I walked in as soon as they opened and when I asked if they pepper their meat he smirked and said no like I was a dumb ass.  I can't eat anything with pepper due to digestive problems.  Then I asked for provolone on my sandwich.  Nope he said we don't have any yet, with an attitude.  What ???? 
Who offers options but has not that option???  I guess I'm not used to the back East ATTITUDE.  Don't think anyone else will appreciate it either.
Since moving to LV, my husband and I have searched for a great philly cheese. We've tried a few places including Pops, which was by far the worst we had. Then we found Hanks! Best in town. Friendliest owners on the planet. Plus, they use REAL WIZ!

 We had their special, 12" for $8.99. (Not sure if this special is everyday.) Great price. Bread was fresh and had a great crust. Meat was amazing. And again, the WIZ. Even our kids loved it! 

Finally, we have found our spot. We will be returning and spreading the word that Hanks is the place to go.
Love this place went in for the first time today I think the owner was the guy helping me the whole time super nice guy! Helped me with the order cause Iv never had a true cheese steak before but boy howdy I'm glad this was my first the sandwich was AMAZING I would give this place more stars if I could I'll be back for sure!
Before you come here you the first thing you need to know is that their hours are 12 pm to 8 pm Monday through Saturday. Closed Sundays. On the business listing it says they open at 11 am. Well imagine my dismay when I showed up at 11 only to say a couple of curse words and leave hungry to look for another place to hit up for lunch. Sucks when you have your mind made up for a cheese steak. Fyi I ended up going to Full House Barbeque (A Filipino restaurant) just down the street.

So this next time I show up exactly at 12 to check this bookmark off.

I get the foot long Cheese Steak ($8.99) with the Cheese Whiz/Provolone mix along with grilled onions standard. You can add Bell Peppers ($1.25), Mushrooms ($1.00), Pepperoni ($1.00), Extra Meat ($3.50),and Hot Cherry Peppers (50 cents).

The sandwich was ok but if you wanted to add everything that I mentioned, you would be looking at a sandwich that is over 16 dollars! SAY WHAAAAAAAAAAT!?!?!?!

Service was great. The overall ambience of the place was just ok with several tables and chairs. There are Philly paraphernalia on the walls.

Overall, I thought it was just an ok experience. Nothing really impressed me but at the same time nothing really disappointed either.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #144 "What's the dilly with the 16 dollar Philly?"
I was excited to find this place close to my new home in Vegas as their website led me to believe that I would experience an authentic Philly Cheesesteak before I went to watch the NHL Draft on TV. Sadly, like many things on the Internet, it was all a lie. I will probably give them one more chance and update this review but for now its barely a 2 star.

I went a bit later in the day in order to avoid any lunch rush and perhaps that was my mistake because they were out of a lot of things like Provolone Cheese, Peppers, Onion Rings, etc... So, I went with a cheese steak with onions and mushrooms and of course the cheese wiz. I wanted provolone and peppers as well but no such luck.

The first thing I noticed was the price. Sandwich, sweet potato fries, and a can of soda was just under $17.00. Thats a bit much especially when you see how little meat you get in the sandwich, it was mostly bun and wiz. The onions and mushrooms were both basically raw, I expected them somewhat caramelized.

I've  been to Philly and gotten fat on their cheese steaks... Hank's is nothing like the ones I enjoyed there.
Waaaaay over priced!

$14-16 with tax for lunch is a absolute joke.Do they think they have a restaurant in the Wynn? Or they're just looking to retire early? 

If you cant have a sandwich for lunch the strip w/fries or chips and a drink.Its a rip off!!!!
I love supporting local businesses.  However Steakies failed to impress me. It made me miss the NYPD that used to be there. When you walk in it looks just like NYPD except they painted several of the wall a bright blue.  The atmosphere is not the best.  I could not tell if they are a sit down place or a fast food  place. You do sit down to order but it still has that "cheap" mentality and atmosphere. 

The food seemed over priced for what you got.  Fries are extra on top of your sandwich that's already $9-$11.  The bread that comes with it is very different.  It's similar to a calzone but not nearly as good.  My bread was cold. Not sure if it was stored in a fridge or what.  

I was disappointed by the happy hour as well. Beer is only 50 cents off. 


When I left it looked like the manager who was on the patio smoking right by the door.  I prefer not to get a face full of smoke when I leave leave an establishment.  It might also violate Arizona law.  (Smoking that close to an entrance).  Not very professional in my opinion.  


Anyways I will give them another shot in a couple months. Hopefully they'll have it more together by then.
There are Cheesesteaks, and then there are CHEESESTEAKS!  This place will satisfy anyone.  The menu is huge with a geat variety of options.  Authenticity is the perfect description here.  The owners have raised the bar a bit with excellent coffee and iced teas from a local roaster/blender, his brother makes the scones "back home", and he's got the best breads that he fills with meats he marinates and cooks himself right here!  Can't get any better.  No matter where you are, I recommend this place for lunch and dinner.  I don't know what Philadelphians eat for breakfast, but I'd try that too if he adds this to the menu.
Nice friendly staff and great food. Went to college in Philadelphia and have eaten alot of cheese steaks and hoagie. Liked the twist with the pocket roll. Meat and bread were high quality and tasted great. Already been twice.  My son had the Texas Tommy also very good. Sent an email to www.mouthbysouthwest.com and told him to check it out.
Steakies replaced the NYPD Pizza at this location, which we miss. That said, Steakies had really good food. The bread was very fresh and made for a very tasty cheese steak. The service was prompt, attentive and very friendly.

If you're expecting cheap food, this is not the place for you. Our waitress was sure to tell us about the quality of the ingredients and the fact that pretty much everything is made on premises. The prices are comparable to other cheese steak spots in the area. We fed 5 people in our party for around $50 and ended up taking food home with us.


Good food. Friendly service. We will be back.


Forgot to mention that we ordered dessert to go and it was awesome! Pumpkin pie cheesecake.
Holy cow, I am FULL! I had a cheesesteak on their standard (GIANT) delicious roll. The roll itself was obviously fresh as it was pillowy soft. The cheesesteak was delicious. I could have (and should have) split this with a friend and been completely satisfied (note to owners - maybe a "mini" version would sell well?). I ordered a combo and the fries were also made in house - YUM! The service was very friendly. I agree that the prices were high, but I believe it was a good value as I should have taken 1/2 home or split with a friend. You are paying for high quality as well - always worth it IMO.

One of my friends ordered the roast beef hoagie, which comes on the french roll. She said it was delicious as well. 

I look forward to going back!
Stopped into Steakies for the Local Lunch Club group. I love the "sacks" they use for their sandwiches. Keeps control of that cheese wiz. The steak is good meat too. Full flavor. I like this spot. I'll be back when I've got an urge for a locally made cheesesteak. These guys are from Philly, and true Philly fans at that. Welcome to Tempe! You're cheesesteaks are more than welcome here!
I came here also for NYPD with other managers I work with at a near by local business.  We decided to check it out since we all love cheese steaks and also believe in supporting local businesses!  Menu looked great and we were excited to try it! After we all ordered I walked away with a 14$ receipt for a cheese steak frys and drink. The rest of my party was at about 10 $ which is common for a good cheese steak. I went back to the counter to ask why mine was much more than the others and we came to find out they had put in the order incorrectly which is no biggie right? Well what they didn't know is the next person inline was a co worker of mine. Normally no big deal but when they call me an a $$ whole in front of other customers it really changes things. Now that's service! 
On to the Food!
BORING! No flavor.. Fries were soggy and again no flavor. The bread was great! But that's all there was bread and more bread! Where is the 14 $ worth of steak in my cheese steak? Save your time and money and go down the road to four fathers for a great cheese steak! And just to think they asked us to bring our employees here.... Yea right!
I've been looking for a good cheesesteak since I moved here from NJ. Being so close to Philadelphia my standards are set high. This place was as close as it gets for anywhere I've been along the west coast. They give you several options of cheese which I thought was good, since most places just give you cheese whiz(gross). Besides how close the cheesesteaks are to home, the sauce is delicious...no offense but no one does sauce like the east coast, and this place was right on. I'm excited to try the other menu options on my next visit.
UPDATE: Closed?? 6-1-14 hope I'm wrong


This is the real deal folks. 

Out first visit was last week. Family run and the owners are legit East coast transplants with deep restaurant roots and experience, making most of the items on the menu from scratch on the premises. Philly sports bar feel on one side, full casual dining on the other. 

Wife had the salad, I had the classic cheese steak in a carved out large roll, with 'sauce' ( a type of tasty marinara for those not familiar) and we also shared the chili. Everything was delicious and portions were generous. 

There was a slight "who's table is it?" mix up but they were all very sweet about it and bent over apologizing  so hard filling us with free desserts. The service and genuineness of the staff was really great. 

And those desserts...this place could be a stand alone bakery. We got pumpkin cheesecake, praline and chocolate chip cookies, all to drool for. 

It's not a questions of if, but when. This is officially now in the regular rotation for us and it a great addition to dining options near Ray and the I-10, whether just for happy hour or a great comfort food dinner. Bravo.
Not bad cheeseteakes.  Great service, very friendly and beer/wine bar.
i never had a better meal in my life,the food is amazing,this place puts south philly to shame, t
You may miss NYPD, but you should give this place a chance. The sweet potato fries are great and you have to try the crab boil fries. No crab, just the bay seasoning and a white cheese sauce. Plus the Texas Tommy Hot dog is covered in bacon and nacho cheese. This place needs to advertise! Most guys would be in heaven with the selections.
I relocated to the East Valley from the Philadelphia area about 8 months ago. I bought a Groupon for this place and was initially skeptical. This place is legit! The cheesesteak sandwich is delicious as is the Roasted a Pork Italiano with Broccoli Rabe. You cannot go wrong with the traditional roll or the carved out roll- both are unreal!! The gravy (Marinara) is on point and compliments any sandwich well. They even have Rolling Rock on tap. I will certainly be returning soon to try the desserts. I wish them all the best and hope the community will support them.
The cheesesteaks weren't very good! Signature menu item should be stellar. Service was good, food came out quick and the sweet potato fries were amazing. Don't think I would go back though.
My food was extremely greasy, even the paper it was wrapped in . I got a combo they forgot my salad had to go back and get it , my sandwich wasn't good and neither were the other peoples sandwiches that were on our order. The chicken cutlet sandwich was extremely dry , even trying to put mayo on it didn't help the taste . My salad wasn't good either , it was covered in onions . I will not be coming back here the only thing that was  good was the prickly pear lemonade. Plus this was our first time here , price was a little high also.  Staff was nice though .
This business will not support a steady lunch crowd. $23.50 for two sandwiches with no sides and a single drink ($2.50 for a medium?). The sandwiches were a healthy size, but the prices don't fit this market. This Tempe not Tokyo.
Had dinner at Steakies last night. Was there around 6:00pm. The place was empty. I had the crab cake and it was delicious and huge. Definitely worth the $13 price for just the sandwich. My husband had one of the cheesesteak sandwiches and said it was very good. The sandwich and fries are generous portions. The mason jars for drinks are cute, but should be larger. I gave four stars because I was thrilled to find such a tasty crab cake here in the desert. The food is good. I hope they are able to stay in business.
Wow, what a great place! It's all the typical east coast food: Hot dogs, hoagies, cheese steaks etc. They also have a Philly fave, Crab Fries! Do NOT skip the crab fries! They also have tons of bakery items, that my wife LOVED. I opted for a loaded hot dog and crab fries. The dog also came with these homemade chips that were awesome! My buddy had a chicken cheesesteak that she liked as well. Great service, perfect prices and nice restaurant. Def a winner!
Steakies' menu had an air of authenticity to it, but that air dissipated as soon as I saw my cheesesteak.  (The ridiculous name should have tipped me off that I was in trouble.)

As a Pennsylvania native, I like that they offered a choice of Cheese Whiz or provolone.  I like that they called their cold sandwiches "hoagies".  I like that they offer a roast pork sandwich, even though I won't touch that filthy swine.  :)

What I DON'T like was the gigantic bread bowl that housed my meat & cheese.  It was a semi-circle bun, stuffed with the ingredients, and thick enough to sop up a can of clam chowder.  I went against my usual nature and ordered provolone on my cheesesteak, ("a provy steak").  I immediately wished I'd said "wiz", even though there's not enough Cheese Whiz in Wisconsin to moisten that sponge of a bun.

The other big drawback was the prices.  A basic sandwich and basket of fries ran me $13.  Upcharges for every topping, even the cheese.  Plus, I'm salty because they stiffed me on trying to use a groupon for me and a groupon for my friend in the same visit.  Sure, they're technically right, but technically they need all the return business they can get.

Other tidbits:
Fries - Decent, but a little garlicky for my taste.
Decor - Half bar, half-counter restaurant.  Beer prices seemed cheap, and they had a few TVs.  Looked very much like the NYPD that was there before it.

I'll definitely go back exactly once to use that other groupon, and then THAT'S IT.  Forefathers is only a mile away with a much better product.
I have been here 5 times in the last month and will be going again soon.  love there bread pocket things.  so far the roast pork was been the best.
I'm only going to review what I had.  Crab fries, if you don't get them you are missing out..PERIOD!!!.  Cheesesteak, best one I've had since I moved here 2.5 years ago.  Long roll wasn't 100% but the best I've had (It's hard to get good bread in AZ).  Roasted pork sandwich,  not my personal favorite but this place isn't named Porkies, its Steakies.   Next time I'm hitting up the cheesesteak in the pocket, Crab fries!!!and something from their baked goods.
Best cheese steak I've had in a decade, I highly recommend trying the OG cheese steak it is huge and amazing...also the daiquiris have real fruit so good:D
I don't have time to write a detailed review, but then, none is necessary. It's usually the bad reviews that include all the details! Besides, all I can comment on are the cheesesteaks, because that's all I have ordered, and probably all I will ever order. Then again, I heard that they have Pulled Pork Sandwiches with Broccoli Rabe, which is how it's made at Tony Luke's in Philly, and is a very special thing. Maybe next time.
 
I am from Philly, born and bred. I grew up working at restaurants, first as a busboy, then a 2nd chef, and eventually owned a restaurant. I have probably made 10,000 cheesesteaks in my life, so I know of what I speak.

This place makes great cheesesteaks, every bit as good as Forefathers. Or Jim's Pat's, or Gino's for that matter. The meat is properly cooked and top quality, as were the rest of the ingredients. I was a bit taken aback when I first saw the calzone-like roll, and I have read some reviews that seem to object to them.  But after eating the sandwich, and finding the bread delicious and no more or less easy to handle because of the shape, I decided it just doesn't make much of a difference.

As another reviewer said, "This is the real deal folks." If you aren't from Philadelphia and want to know why the cheesesteak is revered far and wide, go to Steakies.
I didn't have very high hopes at first because when I first walked in I noticed the emphasis on the bar, which immediately made me think "Ah, well they don't have to necessarily have good food if patrons are boozed up."  Oh how I was wrong!

When you get your sandwich, probably the first two things you'll notice is:

1. What the shit, this thing huge!
2. Instead of a roll, the sandwiches are loaded into a hollowed-out half-bread-bowl.*

*Side Note: Now I definitely get where people are coming from when they hate on the half-bread-bowl idea, as if that's the equivalent of shitting all over tradition, but I happen to like it because:

1. Unique/different isn't always a bad thing.
2. It keeps everything locked in like a semi-burrito
3. It still tastes delicious so STFU and STFD!

****************************************************

Anyhoo, stuff your face with a cheesesteak (don't forget the whiz!) and if you're craving a little culinary juxtaposition - I highly recommend the cold Italian hoagie here, it's unreal.  Except...it is real (who the hell came up with that expression?  Probably the same wishy washy asshole who started saying "Yeah no").

Grade:
Let's dance, let's shout
Steak your hoagie down to your mouth
Let's dance, let's shout
Steak it over!
Food is good, service is to be desired.


I work in the same plaza as this place. Yesterday, a really nice gentleman stopped by our office and told us about their specials and was personable, so I thought I'd give them a try.

The food is good.  I ordered the turkey, bacon, avocado combo for $8.50 and also ordered a lemon bar.  The bread was a bit greasy but over all yummy.  I am a bit confused as to what a pocket vs bread is.  When I ordered, I was asked which way I wanted my bread, I asked her recommendation and she told me to get the pocket. I'm pretty sure I didn't get the pocket as she recommended since it was just a regular sandwich...that took over 15 mins to make.

So here's where the 3 stars instead of 5 stars come into play.

When my co-worker and myself arrived, there were a few people seated, already eating.  We walked right up to the cashier and ordered.  A few minutes after we ordered, a group of 4-5 guys came in. As we stood around waiting for our food, I noticed one of the guys in the group already had their food.  Then my co-worker got her food. I noted that was odd because I ordered my food before everyone.  After a few minutes, I was given a bag.  I looked at it and thought it was light, I noticed I wasn't given my lemon bar. She packed my lemon bar and we walked across the parking lot, back to the office only to realize they didn't give me my sandwich!  So basically, they forgot to give my HALF my order. I received a cup for my drink and the fries. And had to ask for the rest of my order because they forgot.  Seriously, how do you forget to give a customer their sandwich?

When I walked back in, the cashier recognized me and told me they tried to chase after us but was too late. Which is odd, considering we were walking across the parking lot.

All in all, food is good.  I'll probably be back, but I will probably place a phone order and triple check my order before I leave.
We've been to Steakies a few times. Philly native, always skeptical of any place saying they have Philly ANYTHING. First visit was with another Philly native and we just didn't like the "original" roll - we were thinking "original" as in "classic" not as in "unique". Food was good, though, so we've gone back - and ALWAYS get the long roll for our cheesesteaks. Cheesesteak Hoagie is a favorite and love the Roast Beef Hoagie. Back home, Tuna Hoagies were my favorite. Glad I asked to taste the tuna before ordering one here. Not sure what all is in it, but it wasn't for me. The kids love the Pizza Steak and also prefer the long roll. Never see much of a crowd, which has me worried how long they'll stay. I never see ads or anything, except a Groupon once. Only found out about the place through an azcentral.com story about the old NYPD closing. We used to go to the NYPD there and the decor hasn't changed - just subbed in Philly stuff for the NYC stuff that had been on the walls, which is fine by me. As long as the food is good, that's all that matters!!
Worst service I have experienced in years of dining out.  People working here don't even know their own menu even though it's posted on the wall.  I tried to order an Italian Sausage sandwich, but the women at the counter were very confused and acted like they never heard of such a thing!  I had to point it out on the menu, but that didn't work.  When my sandwich was brought to the table, it didn't look like what I ordered, but I took a bite and found it to be a sliced pork sandwich.  When I told the server that it was the wrong sandwich, she asked if I wanted to send it back, but never offered any apology even though she was the one that took my order.
I was so disgusted that I walked out.  I will never go back, but I can't imagine they will be open very long with such poor service.
I was there at lunchtime and there were only 2 other people in the restaurant.  Apparently word is getting out about how bad this place is.  I'll be sure to tell everyone I know to avoid this "restaurant".
I'm originally from Philly and have been searching for a decent cheesesteak in Phoenix for a long time.  The closest I found was Frankie's in Tucson.  We bought a Groupon for Steakies and I have to admit I had low expectations.  Boy, was I pleasantly surprised.  I ordered a pizza steak and it was delicious.  The steak was perfectly flavored and the bread ( odd shape) was the correct texture and taste.
It didn't fall apart or get soggy like most of the breads used in the other Phoenix cheesesteak restaurants.

I will definitely be a frequent customer.
Excellent cheesesteak.  No need to travel to philly for one.  The manager was very friendly and helpful.   The fries are, as my niece would say, bomb.com.  Quick turn around and then when my first bite hit my taste buds, mmmmm.   My only complaint is the fries amount.  Like getting a small order from McD's.  I think for the price they charge on fries they should be more generous with the amount.  I'll be back but unfortunately I won't be getting any delicious fries.  That's what cost them a 5-star rating from me.
Interesting concept and one that was generating a lot of traffic from their mid-week mailer when we walked in. Zella's is sort of a pizza hybrid, a cross between a Barro's, Isa's and Little Caesar's.

First, this place is cheap like Little Caesar's. Advertising a $5 one topping pizza is certainly a good deal. And despite the obvious 'upsale week' sign on the back freezer offering a $20 Chipotle gift card to the highest grossing employee, you can tell there is a definite culture of upselling built into their model. So much for the $5.

Second, we chose to go with the NY style pizza, which was a bit larger, a bit thinner and a bit of a stretch to consider it NY style, but again, it's okay. I thought the crust and cheese to be very similar to Barro's- and for the approximately the same price.

Lastly, this is no Isa's... If you're looking for real NY style- across the street is your place. But with real NY come real NY prices, so it's probably a preference thing. Real plus expensive? Isa's. Hungry plus cheap? Zella's. Tried and true favorite? Barro's.

I wish these guys luck- you can never have too much pizza!
Yeah, not good... I was there on the first night, and have been back a few times. I never give a review after just one visit. The pizza's are maybe equal to Little Caesar's. I have to agree with an earlier review, Isa's, which is across the street, is much better but will cost more. If you need a few pizza's for a kids party, this place is good for you. They are cheap. The problem with that is that they even taste cheap. My wife has had the Meatball sub. It looked great. And she loved it. The bread was very good. For me, I am a cheesesteak fan.. Their "Famous Philly" is a joke. I give a bonus point for the cheese. The bread is very good.. It's the lack of any meat on the sub that makes it a joke. When you can bite into a philly you will never get all bread. I really wanted this place to rock. It is just 1.5 miles from my home. I can get a good cheesesteak and fries at a Packers bar on Bell and spend less..  If you want cheap and poor quality, go to Zella's. Best thing that has happened for this store is that Goodwill has opened up near by. That will keep them in business with people who can not afford good food.
We ordered the $5.00 pizza, after having shopped in Goodwill.  I am a proud Moon Valley resident - homeowner - multiple vehicles owner, so I am not some kind of trailer trash Moon Valley resident.  I love Goodwill, and Dollar Tree, but I digress...

We walked in, and having never been there before, we were greeted by a friendly young lady, who answered our questions, never showing any impatience, and recommended, or at least told us, what crusts were the most popular.

We went with a cheese with tomato (one item), and garlic crust - and it was good.  They told us the wait would be 10 minutes, and it was 10 minutes.  We had ordered it as a "take-out".  The crust was really garlic-y, and we enjoyed the pizza a lot.  The cheese was not greasy.  We will be back!  It was definitely better than Little Caesar's.  

I would also be up for trying one of their sandwiches.  They looked pretty good, as a man near us, had ordered one, to eat there.

UPDATE:  Placed another order:  Tomato pizza w/garlic crust, and ham pizza with Ranch crust.  My husband said the Ranch was really good.

The pizza tastes even better the 2nd day..  :)
I don't consider Little Caesars edible. Zella's is 5 dollar pizza. It's edible. Again, it's 5 dollars. What were you expecting?
Little Ceasars is so gross. The pizzas sit there waiting in a heater for someone to order them. When I got my flyer in the mail I pretty much assumed it would be like a little Ceasars knock off. I was wrong. When I walked in I was greeted by a warm hello, the menu was explained to me and I decided to test out this $5 1 topping pizza. I was surprised to hear it would be a ten minute wait. Whaaaat? You are cooking these to order??? That's a good sign. The ranch is great ( yes i have to have it)and it was great pizza for $5.
Awesome service, pizza great value at $5, with free flavored crusts, incredible sandwiches made fresh and they use real Cheese Whiz on their philly's.  Fried pickles different but really good too.
I live nearby so I thought I'd try their wings. I was very disappointed. The wings were so small that it would take 3 wings to equal one regular sized wing. I won't be back.
This is a new place that has sent out multiple coupons.  I ordered the large pizza with 5 toppings for $10.   The pizza was delivered cold.  But even after heating it up myself it was very bland, even the "garlic" crust didn't have much flavor.    I decided to try it because it was new and because of the coupons, but there are much better options for Pizza in the Moon Valley area.
SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!   -  I wish I could give a NEGATIVE rating !!! I got a flyer in the mail, so I called to place a delivery order. The kid who 1st answered the phone had no idea what he was doing or what the items were on his employers menu. Then he 'dropped' my order on the computer and couldnt read it back to me AFTER he screwed it up 3 times. I asked to speak to the manager. She got on the phone, fixed my order and gave me a subtotal then she added on the DELIVERY FEE of $3.50. told me it would be 45 mins to 1 hr for delivery. And the driver is expecting a tip too!!!
   1-1/2 hours later I'm calling back to ask where my food was ? I told the manager that if my pizza was cold I was sending it back with the driver. 
  Lets review the food: -- Zellas charges $7.50 for a philly sub with cheese whiz. I ordered 2 - I wish I hadn't. They were 2 of the smallest philly subs I have ever seen with little meat. I couldnt believe they were $7.50 each and they were loaded with PEPPER? 
 The $5 pizza was so-so for cardboard, and the $6 greek salad was not worth the price. The steak and cheese toasted sub was good for $7.50 -
  The only redeeming feature was the driver, I explained that I wasnt going to tip because I was charged a delivery fee. The driver understood but I still felt bad. I offered the driver a job working for me instead.
Greasy cheap, undercooked pizza. You do the math
The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because the woman that delivered our pizza was very friendly. 
We ordered a large pizza with mushrooms, cheese fries, wings, and a Philly cheese sub. The pizza tasted like cardboard and lacked cheese. They overtopped the pizza with the mushrooms, which made me feel like I was eating cardboard and mushrooms. 
  The Philly cheese steak had decent bread, but that's about it. They didn't put enough meat or peppers. 
   The cheese fries tasted like they put a lunch slice of Kraft cheese, stuck them in the microwave, and over nuked them. They were soggy and tasted really weird. 
   The mild wings were okay. Probably the best thing in our meal, but still just okay. I think a papa johns probably has better wings. 
    Overall everything tasted like was from a can and microwaved. While some may say I should of looked at the prices, I feel some places are good with reasonable prices. Maybe if I was 8 years younger and drunk with a bunch of friends, I would of liked this place.
I had the mushroom cheese steak and it was good.  The bread could have been better but the meat and toppings were really good.  We also shared the fried mushrooms and they were really good.
Loved this place.  We had the $5 Pepperoni pizza with the butter cheese crust seasoning.  We usually get Little Caesers and this beat the hell out of that.  Though not the best pizza we've ever had, it was really good for the price.
Average at best, the wings are better than the  pizza.  Don't bother with the Extreme Cheese and Pepperoni, it's just a Pepperoni pizza, save the extra few bucks, you'll need it for the delivery charge.
Long day and didn't want to make dinner so stopped in for some takeout. Ordered a cheesesteak, Philly fries and hot wings. The wings had good flavor and were cooked very crispy which I like but I don't think most people will.  The Philly fries were good but the portion size was a bit small for the price. The cheesesteak was good and I was told by some friends that real Phillies have the WIZ (cheesewiz) which this one did. The size of the sandwich was a bit small for the price but not too offensively small.

Overall the experience was ok, not the best but good. Since they recently opened I am not too critical and will go back in a few weeks to try the pizza.
3.5
This place was better then I thought it would be. The kids and I shared a 14 inch pie. We opted for the butter garlic crust and it was decent. 

The pizza dough was good, sauce, cheese and meat were all a little sparse but the flavor were good....and it was $6 bucks for 3 of us to eat. 

The girls next to me had some sandwhiches and they looked good too.
Where do I start...... After placing an order on Grub Hub at 7:30pm and getting a confirmation email that our meal would arrive an hour later, our food never arrived on time! Called Zella's and asked where our food was and the girl had no freaking clue. After finding our order and not offering any kind of discount at first and had to ask for one since this wasnt out fault they couldnt find our order(Which was half off). Pizza finally showed up 2hrs after offically placing the order and it was a complete disaster, pizza was messed up in the box and cold and everything else we ordered was cold, which doesnt make sense when we live less than 3 miles away and was told it would right out the door after it was made for our trouble. Pizza was ok, nothing to write home about and just really couldnt enjoy it. Food should have really been free and this place must be struggling because it seems like we flyers every week on our door step for this place and thought we would try it but wont be going back to this place anymore! Hope this place doesnt last because thats not how you run a business.
First off I would like to state that I love pizza! There is nothing better than getting a good pizza on a Friday night with a movie. I decided tonight would be that night, but unfortunately for us I picked the wrong pizza place. The following reasons are why I will not be returning to Zella's pizza and cheese sticks;
1. Cajun sticks - although the idea sounded great the execution was poor. I'm all for greasy, but when it drips down your wrist to your elbow you've got an issue. Also in order to find the cajun flavor, you have to fight through an army of salt. I took one bite and realized that one bread stick would've been a great assassination weapon against Sponge Bob!
2. NY style pizza - there were two positive things about the pizza; the size was really big and the flavored crust wasn't horrible. Now I've had NY style pizza before and I know it's supposed to have light sauce, but no sauce at all! Really?! Bad choice Zella's.  Also chewing the crust was like a wrestling match in my mouth, tough! My teeth hurt after two pieces and that was just plain disappointing! 

Overall I would say too greasy, too salty, no sauce and way too tough. Side note they overcharged me. Boo! Time to look for a new pizza joint!
I would say after a few visits I've had the $5 dollar pizza which for $5 hey you would expect cardboard but it's a great pizza for 5. 
I myself am a newyork style person and from back east they have it dialed in. Great pizza, I got double pepp garlic Cajun crust well done. Perfect. I do have a five star rating for the toasted subs had the buffalo and the steak. Both perfect. Thx for putting a store so close to me.
just ordered are 1st pizza from this place.. a lg Hawaiian pizza to go....  fresh,hot, delicious NYC pizza..  $10.00  
a 10
Today was the first time I ever ordered from them. And I must say it was very tasty. The only thing I didn't like was the high delivery fee. But I will definitely order from them again. Our weekly pizza night.
Hate to dish on a place after one visit but I was hoping for so much more.  Was jonesing a cheese steak and saw their signs so I stopped in.  I hate take out so we decided to eat there.  Mistake #1.  The place is pretty boring but at least it could be clean.  We were there 45 minutes and a table sat with dirty baskets, trash and half eaten food the entire time we were there.  At least 3 employees walked by it and didn't pick it up.  Tables could at least be wiped down occasionally.  Guy taking order could have had more personality especially for a first time visitor.  Had to pry info out of him.  Food was average at best.  Breadsticks were very good.  Cheese steak was a let down.  Cheesesteak was small, meat was average but not hot and they skimped on the cheese and toppings.  It took them at least 20 minutes to get a relatively simple order out to us.  While we sat there we got to listen to the staff yell at each other in the back.  Not angry just loud but did hear one obscenity which just isn't acceptable.  Can only hope they step back and take a little more pride in what they are doing.  Maybe take out or delivery is the way to go here for cheap pizza.  They did seem to be doing a lot of delivery business.
This is a new Philly cheesesteak restaurant in Arizona Mills Mall. It looks like it replaced Great Steak and Potato which used to be one of my favorite quick service restaurants in AZ Mills. Arizona Mills is doing a big food court overhaul and this seemed to be one of many new restaurants.

I was not impressed. I got the buffalo chicken philly, which is what I always used to get at Great Steak. It was extremely salty and the chicken was like deli slices instead of an actual chopped up chicken breast. It was drowning in sauce and so salty I downed two waters afterwards. I realize that I should not expect a ton from a quick service restaurant in the mall but Great Steak used to make this sandwich so well and this was no where near the same quality. It took about ten minutes to get one sandwich which wasn't too bad. Overall, bad food. I will not be back.
Over priced menu for subpar food  12$ for a cheese steak sandwich and over cooked fries   pass up
Not very impressed. We got the steak bowl over fries. It took a looooong time to be ready. Fries were good (lots of them, and lots of bell peppers and onion but not much  meat.)
Over $16 for a bowl, a side of fries and a soda.
Don't come here hungry for breakfast.  Cause they do NOT have their sh*t together.  Stood in line while the guy tried to figure out how to work the register for like 30 minutes.  It was between the Chipotle style place the next stall over, or this place.  And neither were moving people through the line.  With a hungry toddler, you can imagine how fun THAT was..waiting to just order food.  

The food was mediocre.  We ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches - one with sausage and one with steak.  Honestly, I could have made the same thing at home. And better.

So save your money and eat before you arrive (which we intended on doing, but every restaurant in the area was packed).
Worst Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had! Not sure if it's the seasoning on the beef or the beef but it has no flavor and very bland. Waste of $10! Won't be coming back.
We decided to stop here for loaded cheese fries because we wanted a snack to hold us over until dinner. It seemed OK at first, but the cashier struggled to get our order entered, and we had to keep repeating what we wanted. When we did finally get our order and got it over to the tables in the food court, we found out that it had been both entered wrong and as a result made wrong. 

I had to go back to the counter to ask for the side that should have already been with the fries, and had to wait in line to even get someone's attention for help even though I already waited in line and paid for my food the first time. While I was standing in line waiting, I noticed that the same cashier made mistakes on two other peoples' orders. The food itself was very good, but the service was frustrating. I would be willing to go back and give them another try because the food was good, but hopefully they can get their service up to par.
Love the chicken philly cheesesteak - especially with horseradish sauce. Judy's Noodle Doodles are yummy full of butterscotch, crisp chinese noodles and nuts!  Great food and people - thank you Jim  and Judy for opening up your new home!
SO Glad I found these guys again! In case you somehow don't yet know, after the original Triple Play closed, the cook set-up shop here, adjacent/adjoined to Boodles. The place is pretty cozy, but it's clean and comfortable....and it's the only place to get your hands on an original Triple Play cheesesteak. It's every bit as perfect as it used to be, too. I was near devastated when, after only a handful of visits, the old place cut-off my cheesesteak connection by closing down...and I know I'm not alone. Well, dry your eyes, Las Vegas, they're back! So stop in, help re-support a Vegas institution  and take advantage of the glorious rebirth of the undisputed best Philly Cheesesteak in NV. You'll be glad you did, especially when you see how genuinely happy they seem to have you come in. And yeah, while I don't think it's the entire oldschool menu, it's all of the classics and favorites....done exactly right. Booyah!
In a town that is constantly trying to reinvent itself, it's nice that there are still some things you can count on,  like great food and friendly service at Triple Play American Grill.  After the namesake restaurant closed it's doors last December,  several of us long time locals were left with a hankering for some of the favorites we loved for so long.   At the new TPAG the atmosphere is relaxed and everyone is super friendly, but most importantly, our favorite dishes are back!  The tender and delicious cheesesteaks, hearty burgers, stacked sandwiches and even fresh salads for those watching their figures.  Classic American, done right.  

We are so glad Jim has found a new home and can't wait to go back!!
My parents have been getting these cheese steaks since like 1987. Ive been experiencing the awesomeness since I can remember (born in 1992). I was torn apart when I drove by and saw the old place closed. Ive been checking online periodically to see if there was any news. 

To my surprise tonight I saw the restaurant moved. So of course I called and ordered the same cheese steak Ive been eating since I was 5 years old. It was everything I remembered and more. The mushrooms, peppers, and onions were super flavorful! Curly fries are slightly thicker but otherwise exactly the same. Bun was different as well, it held up better to the massive amount of topping on this sadwhich.  The inside of the restaurant is cleaner and more inviting than the previous location. I love this place so much and will continue to go here as long as the food is around. I will be spreading the word. If you love a great cheese steak come here!
I wish the place were bigger, like the old location.  BUT...

Same fantastic food!  Same fantastic wait staff (LOVE YA KELLY)!  And now the place is kid friendly since it's separate from / adjacent to Boodles Tavern.
Stopped in for lunch- friendly staff and owner reminded us of all the businesses that have been in this space for the past several years, most recently a hotdog place but way back in '09 had the best damn barbeque ever as Red Apple Barbeque.

In any case, this place now specializes in cheese steaks- so we tried the 5" Moe (grilled onions and mushrooms, my favorite combination) with curly fries and a 6-piece order of the buffalo wings.

Cheese steak was tasty- very literal interpretation of the dish, with plenty of shaved steak and melty cheese sauce woven into the entire sandwich. Onions and mushrooms were perfect, fresh roll it was served on held up without being too hard or too soft.

Wings were also decent- hot here would be considered mild anywhere else, but they were decently sized and had good flavor.

Service was polite, business began to pick up as we left around 4PM.
Yep...definitely coming back here.  Kelly our waitress was such a sweet woman. Got our Cheesy Cheesesteak Club card. :-)
I ordered a big philly with everything and ate it next door at Boodles.

The sandwich was fine.  But for $13, I expect a little better than "fine."  I've had better Philly cheesesteak sandwiches elsewhere, and I'm from North Dakota for crying out loud.

Eating the sandwich at Boodles wasn't the greatest idea either.  It's small and appears to have a regular customer base.  I've been treated on a contiuum from indifference to hostility on earlier visits to Boodles.

On a previous visit, I got the stink eye from some wannabe biker guy for about 15 minutes.  Just a heads-up to biker guy...your tough guy facade would be more effective if you were not watching golf on TV.  Jesus.
I'm so excited that I found the original chef from the former Triple Play! Food is wonderful as usual & so is the service! Now for Jim to bring back the French Dip or at the very least the Au Jus! That would make me super happy!