I played here once and thought this spot was pretty cool. I liked how it was layed out and all but it was not that great of a location for DJ's/Dancers. It's ok but it did seem to be a bit too small for the crowd.
Been here a few times over the last 5+ years but I must be getting older or the crowd has really changed.

The music was average, some Latin pop/dance stuff.

If I was exaggerating about this next comment than I would be a pig, but it's the truth, --- there was a LOT of very large women here, all in their shinny, way too short, way too tight clothes.  Again, sorry but it was the truth.

Had a couple of drinks and left.  Didn't even go hang around the under 21 section downstairs.  Just kidding, I would never do that.
Went there with 3 friends, place was dead from 8:30-11, no one really in there....the best thing was the $2 coronas and the $1 drinks tickets i got from a smoking hot cougar in a BMW by the downtown sheraton one night.
ooooohhhh
haaahaaa wow
no
nope 
never again
from what I remember (and was told!!) we had a blast here!  drank and danced after a suns game for about 3 hours.  Music was great for dancing....not sure about the comments here about no alcohol on the bottom floor, but there si a full bar on the ground floor...maybe I missed a basement...but then again , I am over 21 so I wouldn't care.  Great time, will go back for another!
5 stars for the drunk females and 1 star for the place being so small! lol ;p It's 21 and over on the second floor and below it's 18+ they don't serve alcohol at the bottom.
This club is so fun especially the music. If you like reggaton kind of music that is the club to be.
My girlfriends and I were in Phoenix for a weekend away from SF and unfortunately, there weren't very many options for classier places in the area we stayed in. 

Sky Lounge was across the street from Hotel Palomar, so after dinner and a few drinks, we decided to check it out. Even with our buzz, this place was a bust! 

We had to pay $10 cover (which isn't really a big deal) to get in to a place w/c wasn't even nice (interior-wise) and had a practically empty downstairs area. However, that might be better than going upstairs with all the creepers looking to prey on drunk girls. 

Wasn't our scene, so we left after 15 minutes and $50 poorer.
$10 cover, no hats, and they steal your ID.  How is this garbage still in business???
My female best friend and I were in town for the night, road-tripping.
It seemed like a nice place inside - totally empty, but it was late and a weeknight, so I didn't think much of it. I didn't have much of a problem with drinks, or service until later that night... and that's why I'm taking the time to give this place a 1-star review.

This is a review about a certain bartender, whose name my friend and I never got, but he said he was Chinese and Colombian. 

The area seems to close down early.... even though there seemed to be a basketball game getting out. The bartender said he was closing up early, directed us to another bar (closed when we got there) hand we found a place nearby. Shortly after, the same bartender showed up at the bar, started drinking with us. I don't remember much about the conversation, except for some lies this guy was telling us, saying that he was running the bar after two weeks of working there, that he didn't live in Phoenix, he lived in New York - later, he forgot that he said that, and told us he lived in the same city in California that we did. 
By the time the bar closed, I was getting pretty sloshed, and he proceeded to invite himself to our motel room (I thought my friend invited him, and my friend thought I did), and by the time we got to my friend's car, he insisted I sit in the back seat. 
I'll skip some details here, and make a long story short:

I puked on the ride home, so I spent the rest of the night sobering up. The Chinese/Colombian guy kept pushing weed and beer on my friend (who's a lesbian, by the way) and when you're a man, you can tell when a guy is being a sleazeball and trying to get into a girl's pants. It became blatantly obvious that he was waiting for me to pass out so he could do what he wanted, and so I forced myself to stay awake. Again, I'm skipping on a lot of detail here, because Yelp really isn't the place for that.
After he had long overstayed his welcome (which was never offered in the first place), my friend went to the bathroom, and I mustered all the civility I had left to ask him to leave as nicely and non-offensively as possible. To this, he insisted that unless I reimbursed him for the pot and beer he brought (neither of which I personally imbibed) he didn't have to leave. I bit my tongue.
Shortly after, I could hear him talking about me outside when he and my friend were having a cigarette. I snapped, had to get rude with him, pulled my friend inside and slammed the door in his face. 

The point of this whole review is this:
Ladies, watch out for this sleazeball bartender. He'll try to get into your pants by the most disrespectable means.
This place is a joke.  The girls that were handling the cover wouldn't give me my money back from being in that place for only 1 min...   They weren't apologetic at all... On top of that, no one was in there.
Saturday night they had like 3 dollar AMFs.  Thats cheap.  And they had 2 dollar beers.  Thats cheap.  It was kinda dead, and the fact that the bottom floor was 18 and up, it was hard to tell if the ladies were old enough for this guy.  So i stayed on the top floor, which ended up getting me shots purchased by a group of southwest airlines flight attendants.  Seemed like a decent place.  Its right next door to 2 other clubs, and i chose this one cuz some homeless guy outside said this place had hotter chicks.
So we are from Europe and have lived in Mexico, Miami and Los Angeles. Call me crazy but isn't there ANYWHERE in Phoenix to dance. God forbid you go to Sky Lounge on a Saturday night. OMG. Downstairs is 18 and under and upstairs was pounding and I mean pounding bass with hard super hard rap and for att least 8 songs we waited for one danceable song..........nada.   Waaaah. So we left.
The staff was so RUDE! 1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime Fri night. We came back about 20 min later. Different door guy and some old ladies who would not let us in, said we had to each pay $10. The place was ghetto and empty. We went back to Bar Smith (next door) who had much nicer staff, no cover, great drinks & drink prices, and awesome music. Sorry Sky Lounge, you suck.
I have to say just like most everyone else I was not fond of the $10 cover charge on a friday and less than an hour to close.  The other thing is it I'm new to PHX and I mentioned this to the guy out front before asking what time they close. It would of been nice of him to be have mentioned "You are new so I'll let you know our bar just closed at 2 & we are not serving any more drinks" but he didn't. 

They do have a Latin dance floor on the first floor which i liked the songs they were playing. As far as the 2nd floor its Hip-hop all the way which is nice in case you get tired its almost like 2 clubs in one.

I think I would check this place out again if i get there earlier and have someone to dance with cause every girl I saw that got asked to dance just turned every guy down no questions asked! LOL
DONT USE YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD!
Bartenders will tip them self after you leave Even if you already tip them with cash!
Don't know why lots of people dislike this place for. I think it's pretty cool. I had a good time here. Upstairs gets a but crowded but beside that it's pretty good  music is really and that's what I look for.
Been here over a dozen times, had some good and some bad. Overall the place is okay with me. The 1st floor never plays any good music, 2nd floor is where it goes down! Gets pretty packed on the weekends.
This place is awesome! I usually get the VIP on the second floor. Service is always great people are always friendly and there is always something happening there! From foam parties to all dressed in white events! I would definitely recommend checking it out if you want to have an amazing time down town PHX
The Sorrento Room Restaurant in Las Vegas is a hidden gem.  We love this place!  It is located in the Italian American Club building but it is open to the public-no membership needed.   It still has a vintage feel to  it and is one of the few old Vegas type restaurants.  The food is always fabulous and everyone we have recommended has had a great meal and time here. There is a large ballroom next to the bar and sometimes bands will play there.  Often on Wed-Sat nights there is a lounge singer and maybe a small band performing in the bar.  I HIGHLY recommend this place.  IT IS NOT a fancy place -but very good just the same.  Lots of regular customers have been comin g here for years.
What a great meal and a great night! We dressed up in vintage and went and had a ball. 

We started with drinks at the full bar. Our bartendress was jovial and knew her craft. 

Once we were seated, the service staff was unfussy, professional yet friendly, and perfect. 

We ordered the Calamari, Artichokes Franchese and Buffalo Mozzerella appetizers. The artichokes were so good I asked to changed my main dish to them over some angel hair pasta, which they graciously obliged. Everyone of us loved their meal (I have to admit, I was so into my meal that I forgot to check out what everyone else was having) and the portions were large enough to have the leftovers for lunch the next day (still fantastic!). No one left a scrap. 

The entertainer was as lovely woman who played classic hits with her electric organ and played some very dance-able hits from the 70s and earlier. 

We've decided this place it a must-see every single frickin' time we're back in Vegas.

They have a large parking lot right out front, too.
This place is by far one of the best kept secrets in Vegas. The average age of the clientele is probably about 63 but don't let that scare you away! Membership is not required although it will get you some discounts depending on your level. I think you may actually have to have some Italian in you to be a member, too bad for me :( 

Take a seat at the bar and enjoy cheap drinks and free snack mix. The juke box has a nice selection of old timers and if you're there on Wednesdays they almost always have some type of entertainment. Sometimes the place gets pretty movin with a lot of people dancing in the bar area. 

After a few brewskis why not have some dinner too! The food is great and also affordably priced. 

Hope to see you there!
We had a blast at the It-Am Supper Club! When I was there, we paid $10 cover to eat at a table inside the stage room/dance hall area, where a retro cover band was performing merrily. The singer was joined by several other singers including a guy who used to tour with the Del Vikings; Jackie Wilson's son; and some other eccentric and aging Vegas showmen. The vibe of the place was total mafioso, including our casually flustered server and the young men sitting at the bar who greeted us as if they owned the place, which maybe they do. 

We didn't come for the food, but it was quite acceptable basic Italian-American fare.  Go for the gawking and the music!
Absolutely loved going there. The food was awesome, the waiter was funny, and the atmosphere was very cool. We heard great stories about the clubs hay day. We also heard about the ghost that haunts the club. I would highly recommend going there. Don't be surprised if your food comes out in shifts because the kitchen is small and they want to get the food right. It's well worth the wait. If you do go ask, to have Joe as your waiter he is a riot. He looks like an Elvis impersonator, side burns and all. This was my first trip to Vegas, and when I go back this will defiantly be a stop.
The IAC restaurant has reopened! It was closed for almost 2 months due to a management change. I heard the man who owns Gilligans Hideaway runs the restaurant and bar now. We had already had dinner elsewhere last night, so we stuck our heads in to see if the restaurant was back and also saw Sheila was back with Karaoke and ended up drinking and singing for a few hours. ZAZZ!
If anyone had told me that I, a Jewish girl from Brooklyn and former hippie, would be living in Vegas and watchin a '30s-'40's swing show in the Italian-American Social Club, I'd think they'd just arrived on the first flight from Mars.  There's just no end to the Secrets of Sin City!

How'd we get there?  An offering from LV House Seats.  It was definitely not my speed, but the description was intriguing.  And, they serve dinner (optional), so we figured we could kill two birds with one bocce ball.

Aside from the fact that the average age of the audience was the wrong side of 75 (the saxophone player is 96 - and I am, to plagiarize Dave Barry, NOT making this up), the show was delightful. The reason for the offer was because the second part of the show was being taped for TV and will be seen on some local cable station - which one escapes me - in a few weeks.

Jeanne Brei was the singer and star of the show, which runs the first Thursday of every month.   She's a pro - a woman of a certain age with a great voice and more energy than a 10-year-old.  The band is incredibly talented and date back to the very beginning of Vegas history - the sax player played with Benny Goodman, and all the other "youngsters" probably have a combined 200 years of experience.  She and the band are known as the Speakeasy Swingers.  Though listening to music such as "Pennies from Heaven" is definitely not my cup of Chianti, the show was very enjoyable.  

There's also a large dance floor, populated mostly with a few professional dancers, but some regular couples got up to dance, too, though not the 95-year-old woman in the wheelchair who used to do solo flying.  The second part of the show, the one that'll be shown on TV, featured Jeanne, a talented tap dance duo, and solos by a couple of very good singers.

But this is Yelp, so now to the food.  It was mostly terrific.  And no surprise - Italian!  I ordered Chicken Marsala.  I couldn't see the chicken, because it was buried under more mushrooms than I've ever seen on this dish - dark, woodsy, mushrooms in an authentic and rich Marsala sauce.  The same sauce, with even more mushrooms, covered the perfectly-cooked linguine served alongside it.  Hubby had Chicken Piccata, and it, too, was different - it was garnished with beautiful THINGS:  were they uncured olives? capers on steroids?  They're not my thing, so I couldn't tell, but my husband sure loved them.  Both entrees came with a small, unremarkable dinner salad in an unfortunate styrofoam bowl, and the bread, which should have been as wonderful as the food, was awful.  

I think there's no cover for the show, and the fact that it was offered on LV House Seats was merely to ensure an audience for the taped portion.  Sometime during the evening a gentleman walked around with a basket collecting contributions "for the band."

The large room is, no surprise, very dated - probably dates back to the Bugsy era, and there's a full bar in a completely separate room, with a juke box.

This is surely worth a trip - for the entertainment, the food, and the nostalgia of a bygone era.  And you can even go for free Salsa lessons on the other Thursdays!!
WOW !
My honey & I came here last night.  It was such a fabulous place.  Been wanting to try it out since it reopened.....finally went & was a rewarding experience.

Jason was our waiter.  Straight from Milano.  His father is the exec chef & does a great job.
The house Chianti was priced at $5.00 Delish
EGGPLANT PARM
Thickest piece of eggplant ever, served with pasta & a stout hearty red sauce ! omg jealous because my honey had it.  
Linguine Shrimp Scampi was huge & the shrimp were large.

We usually have salad at dinner, but decided to try their soups....holy shit, Pasta faggole was the best Ive ever had.  We also tried the potato & leeks soup....very hearty.

I cant wait to go back.  The staff is so nice, the food is fabulous & the pricing is great.

Plus I can smoke in the bar after 10pm.  BONUS

If I ever get married, I'm having my wedding there.  I just decided.
Good music and dancers on Thursday Salsa & Club Night.
came here for a peruvian festival. there was a security guard at the door and started to frisk me when i told him i had a knife. no knives. =P after i put my knife away i met up with amanda and her family. honestly i dont remember half of the things i ordered but they were all really good. the festival was great! musica was a little loud. hard to talk to people. but the review is for the actual building itself.
Creepy experience, I'm not much for blast from the past old Vegas stuff. Food was meh at best, bordering on unedible as my wife couldn't eat more than 1/4 of her meal she disliked it that much, I didn't even attempt a taste test. 

I was supposed to have a steak topped with mushrooms, I was wondering where the steak was and its flavor, should've been called "single flavor profile mushroom gravy dish with a steak in there somewhere, probably not".. Location is prime..... Almost got mugged in the parking lot. No wonder don't go anywhere near that area...ever.
We were planning on dinner at Terra Rossa at Red Rock Casino tonight but we took a detour and landed at Italian American.  This restaurant is located deep behind a large parking lot.  At first glance it appears to be a small school of some sort.  The location isn't that appealing and the surrounding neighborhood isn't the best.  However, once  you enter this nice restaurant, everything changes.  We were greeted by an owner type of man that was very hospitable and made us feel right at home.  He informed us the restaurant just completed recent renovations and improvements.  The décor was surprisingly pleasant.  Our waiter, Rene, was qualified to work at any of the top restaurants on the strip.  The food was excellent.  Everything from the appetizers, salads, pasta, and bread was excellent.  
It's definitely an older crowd clientele but I would imagine this is how genuine Italian restaurants are.  We enjoyed it.
Great fun place , live music when they are open at night. Much friendlier than a chain , a unique place to eat 
Dave
This is my new favorite place in Las Vegas.  A friend took us there and the food was fabulous.  I make my own sauce so I usually don't try it out.  But, this place is the exception.  The food is fabulous, the service is the best ever, great prices and entertainment too!!  Forget all those places on the strip, go here. You will not be disappointed and you will return.
Without a doubt, the Italian American Club has the best, restaurant, Italian food in Las Vegas. We've been there several times since it re-opened, and we have never been disappointed. Plus, we've taken friends and family and recommended it to several people, and they have become repeat customers. The food is expertly prepared; the service is impeccable; the entertainment is terrific, and the people are extraordinarily friendly. If you're looking for a place to have fun and excellent Italian cuisine, try it --  you will not be disappointed.
Went for a business dinner.  The inside is def old school with autographed pics of celebs on the walls, but that adds to the coolness of the place.  There's live entertainment, but it's not loud; just classy.

The waiter was top notch with his service and suggestions for wine and entrees.  The wine was very good that he brought out.  I had veal picatta;  it's hard to find good veal but this was great.  Very tender and flavorful.  The picatta sauce was very good as well.  Had pasta on the side and the red sauce was good.  Not my sauce, but good.  The two gents that I was with enjoyed their meals as well.

The whole experience was very nice and we were not rushed in the least.

I'll be back with my wife (who is Italian).
Stepping into the "historic" Italian American Club is like taking a step back in time; 1960's Vegas (without the cigarettes).  This is a classy and classic restaurant where people still get dressed up for a nice evening out.  I was there to watch a friend perform as well as dinner.  I felt welcomed from the moment I walked in.  I sat at the bar, had a good dinner and a couple of drinks.  The President of the Club also stopped by and intoduced himself as well as the manager/owner of the restaurant.  Very good food, very good drinks, very good people.  Classy!  I was there in April 2014.
Hidden gem in Vegas. It has been around for several years and doesn't get the attention it deserves. I went this last Saturday night and they had live music and had the house-made pasta dish, IAC Amatriciana. Definitely coming back for the pasta! I don't think there is a dress code but it is A LOT classier than most joints in town. Reservations are strongly encouraged.
The "Chances Are" that you don't have much time left if you are caught in this place.

Look, I have nothing against the aged - I am getting there myself... But really, this is a 100% geriatric establishment. There should be a social security card machine to make sure you were born before Ronald Regan to get in here. The decor is beat-up 80's - something like a thrift store. The bar is large and mostly deserted. I assume the food is as flavorful as an inner tube - I didn't stay long enough to find out.

Sometimes places need to die (just like we all do someday). I'll likely end up in here in about 25-years. LOL
AT last.....the long anticipated review of Chances Are.  

I read the review by Michael C before I was knowingly dragged here by my g/f's grandparents.  

And let me summarize it as follows:  Chances Are......that if you don't think that the "I'VE FALLEN AND I CAN'T GET UP!!" commercial is the rollins, then you certainly belong in this restaurant. 

Let me explain. 

The g/f's grandmother told us that she wanted to take us to this place because of the entertainment and dancing.   I'm usually game for anything, but, I didn't know just how NOT cool it was going to be. 

We arrived at the restaurant, and, as Michael C noted in his review....it is  a100% geriatric establishment.   The inside is about as exciting as the Salvation Army down the street.  It's horrible . But you see.....therein lies the stark dichotomy:  old people LOVE this place.   Allow me to explain: 

Upon arrival, the lounge singer "Jimmie" greeted us.  The g/f's  grandparents go to this place every Friday night, apparently.   Old people LOVE going to a place only to be acknowledged.  Period.  My parents love that.    They feel really special.   Well......when Jimmie the lounge singer says hello, gives a wink, etc.--people dig it.  Doesn't matter what the place looks like or what the food looks like.......they like the PREDICTABILITY of it all.  No surprises here fellow Yelpers. 

So we sit down for dinner -- and order drinks.   The wine tasted as though it had been filtered through a sweaty gym sock.  No joke.  Later found out it was Vendage (i.e. "box" wine).  I couldn't drink it.  And I like Two Buck Chuck!

We sat for two hours watching the 60+ crowd get their groove on.  And.....for that reason, I say, keep this place going!!!!   Old people dig it!  The lounge singer was 100% geriatric, but the songs he sang brought the folks back to the "good old days!"  And they seemed happy !   Live and let live is what I say.........

The food--about as good as an old shoe.  Absolutely 100% old people food.  Tasted like eating in the retirement home.    But the old people LOVE IT.  Wow. 

You wouldn't believe it, but ended up going BACK to this place the next morning for the $4 breakfast special.   It wasn't as bad this time around -- not sure if I was starting to blend into the Scottsdale geriatric retiree community and just giving up......but .....it wasn't too bad without the lounge singer....(sorry Jimmie-- your version of "Moon River" is just not my preference).  

If you're 70 and over (which, doubtful you're here on Yelp) -- this is your 5 star place.  For those under 70 who get dragged here -- you are brave ,brave, brave.........
I was very disappointed..The food was good. But you are crammed in this little dining area with one waiter and the the chairs are horrible I sat down and thought I was going to fall on the floor. You are so crammed in you can hardly get out to go to the restroom..Service was terrible never came to refill the glasses with water or even ask if you wanted something else to drink. If you are not a regular and know the waiter personally you will get horrible service ..STAY AWAY IF YOU WANT WATER OR A DRINK WITH YOUR FOOD..Waited for the waiter to even get our order. ITS SO LOUD IN THERE YOU CAN NOT CARRY ON A CONVERSATION..WILL NEVER GO BACK
We went there for my 39th birthday and it was so much fun.  It was very relaxing, a little dark and with live music. The music was from the 50s to 80s probably and the guitar player/singer was very accommodating.  The crowd that was dancing was older than average but watching them so graceful and happy and healthy and in love was really balm for the soul. There is life after 70 :)  Our waiter was really nice and after he heard it was my birthday totally shocked me like 45 minutes later by having the musician sing Happy Birthday and present me with a nice cheesecake with a candle in it.  
I had New York Strip and my boyfriend had the lemon caper pike and we shared Oysters Rockafeller. We were both very happy with the food and service.  We will definitely be back!!!
TThe happy hour here is pretty good. They have a stage where live bands play. I wish they had more events using the stage.
I usually have so many nice things to say, I am just one of those people, but unfortunately this is not the case for Chances Are. I went there for my moms birthday, and we brought a coupon. Yes, I know coupons are lame but if a restaurant puts a coupon out there they should expect to honor it. 

The dancing was fun and I thought the singer last Saturday night was a very good one man show.

There were three of us, my mom, my boyfriend and myself. We each had three drinks, we ordered two appetizers and each had an entree. The food was nothing exceptional, and neither were the drinks or appetizers, but maybe the atmosphere could of made up for it?? (No). The bill was brought to us totaled over $210 dollars, and then they took off $50 coupon with purchase of $100+. I don't believe the price is reflected in the quality of the food or atmosphere. The ribs were not baby back, they were beef? Uh, weird?? 

Way overpriced for what you receive in return, and I do believe the gauged the prices in order to make extra profit from my coupon. 

I won't go back.
Chances Are - now Chances On Sixth. They have completely remodeled and updated their facility and their menu go check it out!
Chances are that Chances Are is legit. Forget all these naysayers. They obvi don't know what they're talking about. 

Btw, It's not Chances Are anymore it's Chances on 6th. Let's get this ish right. 

I almost don't wanna review it because I don't want all the Scottsdale douchers to go here. I doubt they will. Chances Are has the same crowd as Grapevine. It's geriatric. There's no fist pumping, there's no crazy music. There's just an open space with cheap drinks and cheap food. I think I just love this place so much because of the people I'm with. Obvi. I'd write a five star review on a padded room as long as I'm rollin with the right crew. 

So I've been here a time or two. And every time we're the youngest group in the place just goin ham. They see us coming, they bust out the Fireball. The owner/cook is the nicest guy ever. He once came out and did a round of Fireball with us. That's a business owner right there...he knows how to appreciate his guests. Don't expect grandeur or anything classy. Expect a cheap tab and stiff drinks. Don't expect to pick up on anyone here...unless of course you're in oxygen tanks and walkers. My boy Steve J knows all about that stuff. I'm sure he can reccommend a good walker. 

My advice - stay away. Stay far far away from this place so we can keep it to ourselves. See ya never peeps.
It's a bar surrounded by tables on an ugly concrete floor. When the 4 of us asked for a table outside (away from the music because it was so loud and bad) the waitress took us outside and showed us a number of dirty oilcloth covered tables and offered us an extremely filthy one. We declined and took another table inside as far away from the band as possible. We ordered some appetizers and drinks. They were very basic and nothing special. After being ignored for 15 minutes we paid at the bar and left without ordering dinner. 

They suggested reservations which I made under the false assumption that it would be a nice place. It's not. Pass on this one.
Basic decore, nice staff and some cool entertainment.  Older crowd often times but that is not a bad thing if you are wanting a low key but fun evening.  

The staff has always been great and I've never had a bad  time in the place unlike other places in the area I could mention but shan't.
As many have said, if you are part of the younger crowd, this place may not be for you.  Thursday is Karaoke night so we went for the $2 specials and the music.  Has $2 burgers, hotdogs and other items.  I got a cheeseburger and it was a good sized burger.  It was cooked as I requested and tasted like it was cooked over flames.  Bun was good too.  All in all, I found it to be very good.  My date had grilled chicken breast on a bun.  Also $2.  She said hers was excellent too.  The server was helpful and attentive.  Only problem seems to be that the refills on your soda are not free.
Under new ownership as of Nov.1,2013. Grand opening was fantastic. Great food and entertainment. Ray is really making this place a Happening Place. Mixed age crowd. Lots of great dance music for all ages. 2 dance floors. Great new menu witha REAL chef.
I went in there on Sunday night before Christmas mainly to hear the Jazz group. Decided to have dinner, too. What a treat!  The Chicken Piccata was excellent. Drinks were just-right, as was the music!  Throughout the evening, what I really appreciated the most was the outstanding service by my waitperson, Lisa. She was always there when I needed anything. Quick, but not rushed. Warm, friendly, service with a genuine smile. She was handling most of the dining area herself.  A real Pro. 
As I had not been in Chances Are for a couple of years, I appreciated Lisa bringing me up to date on the menu.  Great food, perfect mood music and outstanding waitperson.  Can't wait to come back.  Thank you!
My husband and I first went to Chances last Friday. It was very busy, but the service was great. The owner came and introduced himself and was very friendly. We needed a place to go, have fun and listen to good music. Everyone was awesome and we felt so welcomed!! We will be going back!!
Been here a couple of times - not sure why we keep going back (convenient?).  This place smells. Bad. Like p-trap issues. Last time we stopped in on our way home from Clancy's. Place was dead. And smelly. Ordered 2 domestic drafts, laid down a $20. Got $10 back in change. Wait, what? $5 for a draft? We mentioned the price to the bartender, who apologized, saying they mistakenly charged us the "entertainment" price. He did give us $2 back, and he was friendly. Still think $4 domestic drafts for this place unreasonable. I'm sure we'll stumble back in, and regret it in the future...
We're snowbirds who've been coming here for 7 years in spite of the old owner because of the great music/real dance scene with young lindy dancers and some great senior dancers.  Now under new owner and chef and the food is fabulous.  More pricey than in the old days but you get what you pay for and every meal we've had has been worth every penny.
I wasn't expecting much at Chances but I was pleasantly surprised. 

It's sort of geriatric but the real old ones leave by 9. Even if they don't leave, who cares? i enjoy the low key atmosphere without having to worry about kiddies taking over the dance floors!

Chances now has two wood dance floors so it could become one of the better dance venues for the the few people that still know how to partner dance. The layout is very conducive to a social dance bar scene.

I went there two times. One time "Soul Power" was playing to a crowd of ages 40-70. People were dancing and seemed to enjoy the funky music. The band wasn't playing their best (lack of keyboardist?) but that said was probably better than most other bands that play there.

The other time a rather lame duo band sang over tracks. Their music wasn't inspiring and it wasn't very good dance music (to me it all sounded like rumba and East Coast Swing) but people were dancing -- and they weren't all old -- some were middle aged. 

The beer selection is pitiful. Maybe the worst I ever experienced! If Chances wants to attract a younger crowd they really have to do better. A bottle of Fat Tire really shouldn't be asking for too much. I had a $7 martini and it was a good value and well made. I would have given them a 3 star rating if it wasn't for the lack of beer choices. 

Parking isn't bad if you don't compete with the hip hoppers up the street.

Chances could become a nice place for adults to dance if a few more energetic bands are hired and they play until 1 am. I'm not sure what the odds are of that happening, but there is a chance. .

I will definitely give Chances a few more visits, and hopefully I'll have a better rating.
Fun college bar.  This is the place to go see girls dancing on the bar.  Top 40 music.
I used to think this place was great - i mean you have to take it for what it is -
Girls never have to pay cover and (I used to have a friend that worked here for years) get preferential treatment at the bar... works out well when it's three or four deep on a Friday or Saturday at midnight.

Maybe I"m just getting older and my tolerance is diminishing, but the last few times I was there I couldn't wait to leave. The music is way too loud ( i know, i know, if it's too loud, you're too old, right?) but i actually want to hear what the people I'm with are saying.

the patio is the spot, and it's not very conducive to settling in - you're constantly shuffling this way and that to make room for the the waitress or groups coming in or out the doors.

drinks decently priced, unless you're getting red bull and anything- you have to pay for the whole can of red bull and get this - if you order two drinks, you still have to buy two red bulls, even though you could easily make two drinks out of one can... i don't get it either. plus, they hold the can as ransom behind the bar until you order your next one - all very suspect.

anyway, they have pool tables, and when I'm feeling super dorky (which is always) i start looking through all the real hard back books they have stuffed in the shelves (it is the library). some of them are pretty wacky.
This was the first bar I went to as an official card carrying 21 year old.  I skipped my night class with half of my classmates (which  was 3 of us...it was small class) and we hit Mill Ave.  A fun bar, even if it is a little cheesy with the theme and all.  

Bar staff was great, our bartender let us test out new shots she was learning to make for free.  I've been there a few times since and not much has changed, which is a good thing in this case.
A trip to Phoenix is not complete with a visit to Mill and when you're at Mill you must stop by The Library.

While it can be totally for the 20ish frat crowd, lots of hipsters hang there too...and why not, a pretty girl in a school girl outfit serving you drinks while you shoot pool listening to sublime is not a bad thing.

You can't wear black and look down all the time.
I'll be perfectly honest.  I probably never would have gone here if it had not been for my husband's coworkers.  College bars just aren't my scene, living in Boston will do that to you.  But given it was the summer and we were in a group of 50 I thought it would be ok. 

We took over the whole back part which was nice.  The drinks were well made and I'm assuming cheap.  They have two pool tables in the back, which are slightly awkward given their close proximity to the bar.  The music was fairly generic ranging from your classic drunk girl anthems (Pour Some Sugar on Me) to current Top 40 hits.  My husband enjoyed the bathroom attendant, whom he swears must have be related to Lil Jon, saying things like "Get yo piss on!"  

They have a "no pictures" policy which I found to be incredibly lame.  You can't snap a picture of you and your friend having a good time without their written permission?  Really?  Guys, its not that impressive of a place that you have to try to keep it secretive.  I've actually never experienced something like that before and most of the places I frequent are a lot nicer than this.

Would I go once classes start in the fall? Heck no.
Mostly dudes
nice theme, schoolgirls are nice
crap music.
the decor and theme are unique
the kinda place to go there once to say you've been, any more will drive you mad
Very attractive waitresses, but this is Tempe, so you can find that at Denny's!  Overall a decent scene if you're comfortable hanging out with tthe college crowd.
The Library!  Just don't order the wings.  And they beer is in plastic pint glasses because you can walk outside with it...  Other than that, who doesn't love the Library?
cool spot to watch ball games....some seats have a bad line of sight of the tv monitors, but the appetizers are good and so was the service
Mediocre. The stools we had to watch football from were quite uncomfortable. They do have TVs everywhere, and it was pretty empty on a college football Saturday (yeah for enough space to actually watch a game).......but it wasn't comfortable for extended football watching.

The service was on the slow side, and the drinks were pricey! $4 or $5 for a bottle of beer. That gets me every time. The food, however, was pretty decent - the chicken tenders were actually really good, and the food was greasy but not so greasy that you're disgusted by it.

There was an odd crowd when we were there - lots of older people, lots of men and tons of Steelers fans. I am not rushing out of my way to come back here any time soon. The "theme" is cool I guess? It is clean, which I appreciated, but I just didn't think it was that great for watching sports, which is what we were there to do.

Furthermore, they weren't even playing a game over the loud speaker....instead, it was remixes of oldies - random remixes of random songs. Very strange indeed. I'd rather listen to the play by play of a football game on Saturday afternoon, thank you very much.

Oh, and we had to pay to park in the garage a few blocks away. Major buzz kill.
Clever decor/theme
decent food
good location
attractive staff
bad music
frequented by frat boys
sausage fest

This place is similar to, but so much better than Hooter's... girls are hotter and the place has style. There is dancing on the bar which can be fun if you're into that. It's a good place to take someone who is college age and just moved here or something. 

It really seems like it should be a good time - it definitely depends on who you are I guess. It also depends on when you go. I suggest weekday afternoon when nobody is there. If you like crowds of horny drunk college dudes though - check it out on a weekend night.

Their food is surprisingly good. The Library has the potential to rate 4 stars... on some nights I'm sure it's a 2. It's one of those places that really depend on the crowd, but it's still a good place to go if you're young and like the most popular music and scream 'woohoo!' for no reason.

Two notes - as has already been mentioned, service is a bit slow. They also have about 100 televisions. It's overkill... the place doesn't need it. I almost gave this place a 2, but really it's mainly only sucky because of the crowd.
I went there once, and a girl dancing on the bar had a tampon string hanging out... ugh...........

Ever since then, I get grossed out just walking by the place.

The food is mediocre bar food.  Drinks are drinks.  Different nights have different themes.  I think Thursday is metal cover bands.
When you are sober this place is a 2 or a 3 star joint at the most, but when you are sloppy drunk this place goes to five stars right away. Two pool tables in the back, A Megatron (with Erotic PhotoHunt), A good amount of seating (indoor and outdoor), and girls in school girl outfits that go from 7's to 10's after a few JAGERBOMBS. 

"Two f**ckin jagerbombs down here chief"
- If you dont know it, search "My New Haircut" on YouTube
If you rue the typical college crowd - with self-loathing women and self-loathing (disguised as overly pompous and loud) men - then you need to avoid this place like it's the  next outbreak of SARs. No, it's worse than that. Picture a half-interested and slow bartender taking your order while you're stuck listening to the worse pretend hair band you've ever heard, covering some rock songs you forgot existed. Pour some sugar where? 

Imagine the drinks making your stomach kick itself 1,700 times in a row, until you have to excuse yourself to go to the restroom, which is one of the smallest and most uncomfortable places you could be. I'd rather be stuffed in a trunk. 

Imagine people clamboring to climb onto the bar so they can "dance" with the music, singing at the top of their lungs. Ow, that's my hand you just stepped on!

Yes, it gets worse. It's not like you can just leave, although you want to, don't you? I mean, you *just* ordered a drink after paying a silly $5 cover. So, you try to tough it out. But, let's face it, life's too short to be miserable. You can bail, if you want to. That's what I did.
Going to the Library on a Saturday night makes me feel old at 26 and like Chris Hansen from "To Catch a Predator" might jump out any second. Thankfully I don't feel quite as old going to the Library on a Friday night during happy hour. Chris and I went once on a Saturday night when they were apparently charging a $10 cover charge which somehow I avoided (the keep walking trick was very effective). The music being played was good but there was no room to dance...heck there was barely enough room to just stand and take a sip of my beer without getting knocked into. The schoolgirl attire for the waitresses and their dancing on the bar is super gimmicky and makes it look like the Library is just trying way too hard. Because of this dancing on the bar, there are no cameras allowed. After that one outing, we decided not to return on a weekend night.

Starting this summer, we started going to the Library every few weeks on Fridays at 6 pm for trivia and happy hour. The happy hour crowd is very mixed, so we don't feel creepy being there. Draft beer is $3 as are rum and cokes during happy hour. I haven't tried a lot of food--I'm more into the drinking aspect of HH--but I am not a fan of their seasoned fries at all. Much too spicy for me. The garden salad I ate this past weekend was rather large for $4.95 and it was much better and freshier than I anticipated receiving at a place like the Library. My husband is a fan of the chicken quesadillas which during happy hour are $5.20. So not a super spectacular deal, but cheaper than they normally would be. The trivia aspect is a lot of fun and first thru third places get a prize. Our team came in third this past week, but the only slightly annoying thing was that you can't use the gift certificate that visit. So sneaky Library!
This place was a sausage fest. There was probably 20 guys for every 1 girl there last time I went. The waitresses were hot, but some of them were kind of old to be wearing the plaid skirt schoolgirl outfits. I probably won't go back, I'd much rather go to bar where I can actually talk to a girl instead of stand around with a bunch of dudes.
Ive never had so much fun at the library.  Lots of TV's, good looking staff, and great priced drinks.  It was a great pre game spot to meet up with friends and kick back.
Never have I been so disrespected by an employee at an establishment.  Maybe you should think about how you make money, and how creating a bad rap for yourself hurts only you.

I went in last night for one beer about 9pm and sat at the little outside bar deal in the back. The female bartender was passing out calendars and drink coupons to everyone at the bar EXCEPT me. She totally skipped over me and when I asked "where's mine" I got a total fucking attitude. She told me I never asked for one and I explained I'm not a mind reader and she should have offered. She didn't offer to get more, she didn't apologize, whatever. A couple minutes later the couple two stools down from me said this is a great calendar and I replied that I wouldn't know. The bartender then flipped out and started telling the couple, not me, how she has no problem "owning these stupid ASU kids that can't handle their liquor." Way to judge, bitch. I'm not an ASU student and I've only had 1/2 beer at this point. 

I called for a manager and told him I have 1/2 a beer left, I'm not paying for it, I'm leaving and never coming back, and I'm going to tell everyone I know about how rude your bartender is. 

He gave me all sorts of free coupons for the block party, $1 drink coupons, and of course that calendar I wanted. I'm still not going back, ever, no matter hot skankily hot the cocktail waitresses are.
I went in here for lunch.  I had the tacos.  They were a step above del taco chicken tacos, but they were still ok.  Not 9 bucks ok, but ok.

My glass was never empty, and my waitress(es) were very nice.

It was slow and it was cold in there, I felt sorry for them.

Also, the music drowned out the bible thumping street preacher screaming outside.  I wanted to invite him in for a beer and to tempt himself to think of the sins of the flesh.  Poor guy looked like he could use it.  Wound up in all that rage... when there is beer and women 10 feet away.
Eh. I had to take some firefighters who were visiting from Sedona out to eat...My choices were limited to Mill Avenue. I got to blurt out one very denied recommendation before I was overruled by 5 very hungry, very thirsty, very "away from home" boys that all wanted to go to Hooters. My big fat mouth had to say "How about  the LIbrary?"
Nice. Where did that come from?
Parking is fine. It's MIll. You can figure it out.
I'm not even going to talk about the ambience. Most of the girls are very pretty and I'm sure would make a wonderful party favor. Intelligence does not reign supreme at "The Library" ironically enough.
I asked if they had wings (because we had no menus)  and the response "I'm not sure"
Guiness?  "Let me check."
Can you make sure I get the tab? "What do you mean?"
She kept forgetting the drink orders (There were 7 of us and she tried to remember all of them - each time we ordered rather than just WRITE them down! )
Forgot to bring us our food
and well... there is just too much more to even get into....
So, sadly, I give the Library 1 star. 
I doubt I'll go back. It's not my scene. I am SURE there is a niche group that likes this place, though. ???
This place seems to always draw older business types, mainly business men or ASU guys. Yeah, it's important to note, not many women frequent this place. The waitresses are pretty and really nice. In the past I've never really had any problems with service. But, I've got upset at the cost of drinks.  Prices are way to high in my opinion, mainly for the quality of food (sports bar food). On top of that they actually want you to pay to get into this place (weekends). SRSLY? Just because everyother crappy bar on Mill. is charging a cover doesn't mean you have to follow the crowd off the cliff. Seems like Libary doesn't get it though. 

/end rant
Worst experience ever at a restaurant/bar!  Rode the light rail to Mill in my trademark skimpy blue shorts.  Walked up Mill and heard about this place, decided to try it out.  Went in and the staff was less than courteous.  I guess only the employees can dress in skimpy attire.  I ordered a beer and soup, then I asked for a group shot with the girls and was so rudely denied, I immediately got up and walked out without finishing my beer or waiting for the soup.  Hooters, upstairs, on the other hand, on a different date, was a refreshing experience by comparison.  The girls loved me and we had a great time, and they were more than happy to pose with me in my miniskirt.  Next time, skip the Library.
Pub Crawl, stop 2: I have been to The Library a couple of times and like it. What's not to like about college girls dressed in school girl outfits, sometimes live music and beer? The flyer stated it was offering $5 lemonade drinks and Absolute raspberry. This was apparently news to the bartender, the waitress and the manager. Good thing I had the flyer (which they then kept). The bartender said they had to do something to adjust the price in the computer and it would be just a minute. The Absolute raspberry was actually a rather big shot and was tasty. I asked for a Bud Light while waiting for my change - the bartender suggested Bud because it was $2. I took the Bud. Another guy ordered a Bud Light and the bartender again suggested Bud. The guy asked how much Bud Light was and was told $3.50, where Bud was $2. The guy decided to stick with Bud Light and was surprised to see his receipt...he said I thought they were $3.50? The bartender said "They are $4 actually..." The guy left pissed. Meanwhile this whole event was about 20 minutes and I still don't have my change. Finally I received change (after drinking the shot and half the beer). I left $1 and moved to the back of the bar where I ordered a second beer for $2. 

While I like the Library in general, the negative experience with the bartender including the confusion on the drink price, the long wait for change and the incorrect price for the guy beside me deflated my opinion of this bar a little.
i love this place for good food and cheap prices. first, this bar/restaurant is on restaurant.com .   you end up eating here on the cheap. it's not a classy place, but you'll get good food and cheap drinks. us the restaurant.com certificates, and you're bill will be really cheap. they have specials every day, along with great happy hour prices. not sure which days, but they have 1/2 off appetizers. their burgers are large and good. their wings are very good and they have the largest onion rings i've ever seen. their onion rings are killer. they're not all bread like other places. i like everything i've ever ordered here. each booth has it's own tv and their multiple plasmas around, so you can watch sports here as well. they have live music on saturdays and sundays. not sure about the rest of the week.  it's very casual. if you're looking for a nicer sports bar, this isn't it. however, it's not a dive. good place. good times. the waitresses do wear skimpy outfits, so if you don't want your kids to see them, don't bring them. it's fine for older kids.
The service was excellent. The beer was cold. The servers were damn near naked. I really enjoyed myself here. Two or three beers turned into an all night event.
Alright, I admit, this is not my type of crowd or environment and that's part of the reason for the low rating.  Hey, you do it for the Scottsdale bars - so leave me alone!

Our group headed here after Oktoberfest for a few drinks, and after finding a long wait for Rula Bula we ended up here where it was pretty dead.  Inside, there were a bunch of older creeps creeping on the scantily clad bar staff.  Outside, it was cramped and stinky of smoke.  The service at the bar was just okay....not particularly friendly or fast.  

I wouldn't return here because I'm not in college and I'm not an older creep.  If out on Mill, I'll stick to Rula Bula.
Good looking waitresses, blah blah blah. No female customers? Weird. Beers are average price (up to $4, I think) and service is decent, at least at the bar. I like all the games on Sunday - we can sit facing two different directions at the bar and both watch the games we want to see. 
It was Sunday and I didn't feel like listening to the servers bitch about management then stomp off in a huff, then hear management bitch about the servers and stomp off in their own huff. The entertaining part of that was the server who made little closed-mouth sniffing noises after every sentence or so. The party carried over from last night, hon? Actually, I'm pretty sure she's the one who management said "I'm going to fire that skinny bitch today" about. Within earshot of me and every other customer sitting at the bar.
Lame, the place is crammed and stinks. The drink was ok and the price was ok. Some "ratard" spilled my drink because he was oogeling over my wife while she danced on the bar. (can't blame him, and he did buy me another) doubt I would be back.
The Library is Hooters better looking sister and the Tilted Kilt is their slutty cousin! It's a great place to watch any game. They have many HD's throughout and LCD's in their booths. It's a younger ASU crowd, but what would you expect. It's good to hang with the kids during school or visit during Spring Training. The staff is qualified enough to help with all your food and drink fantasies. If you get impatient, strike up a conversation or watch the tv, but don't take it out on the blonde bartender!
Ok so the girls are hot, love the little librarian thing going on BUT other than this this place is nothing all that great.  Full of horny college guys and the bartenders seemed a little rude.  Still had a good time here but there are better places on Mill for sure.
The food was actually pretty good. The beers were average. The atmosphere was interesting. And the staff was attentive. So why only 2 stars?

No women customers was interesting. Even H**ters usually has women eating/drinking there. The place did kinda feel....dirty from the dust or smoke or something. And the waitresses were almost dressed, well, too scantily. (Yes, I really said that, I know...). I took a male coworker there and was almost embarrassed. I'm not sure I would have felt that way...upstairs.
Killer atmosphere! The food is ok but the drinks are strong. Try the buffalo chicken sandwich. All the bartenders are great. Check it out, its better that Hooters!
Horribly cliche, but you can tell your parents you're going to The Library on Friday night. I grew up with stories from my dad telling me he told his parents that.

I was hesitant to come here the first time, not always hearing the best of the things. The place is a little oddly shaped and watching a bachelor be embarrassed on the bar top left me more hesitant. 

But then, the music started. My friends and I quickly made friends with the DJs on the dance floor. On Thursdays, I believe they have a live cover band playing. The only Thursday I swung in here, they sounded pretty darn good. On Saturdays, they play a mix of hip hop and rap (late 90's through current) and techno dance music.

I'd recommend this place as a legitimate stop. The drinks are good and the waitresses/bartenders are attentive and kind. A good place to meet and hangout without any of the hype or expensive drinks you'll find at some of the surrounding Mill late night stops. Give it a try if you've never been, or make it a stop on your next Bar Golf Night.
I really don't understand why there are so many negative comments and ignorant HATERS bagging on the Library. If you don't want to be surrounded by "immature college kids", then don't go bar hopping next to one of the biggest public universities in America!

I came here for a Mill Ave. night out and this was the first stop. The staff was friendly and attentive and the drinks were pretty good. I'm from L.A. so I think every bar in Phoenix has AMAZING prices for booze and this place was no exception. For 3 draft beers and 3 (very strong) Kamikaze shots I think my friend said it was only $25. Not great but definitely not horrible. 

The atmosphere was pretty chill. The girls are dressed in very skimpy schoolgirl uniforms and a couple of them seemed like Hooters rejects, but most looked okay. At some point that night, we came back to this place and the bouncers remembered us so they just let us back in.
I've never been here personally, but from what I've heard- go here to have drinks and dance...not to eat. Too loud for dinner, and not worth the money.
Ok, I have been here personally...  If you're meeting someone for drinks it's okay.  Almost always crowded with pretentious people, the dance floor is tiny, the food is average and everything is expensive...
It depends on what you're going for. If you want that El Lay club experience, it can be fine. Italian sports cars and Porches parked in front. Big ass bouncers. Beautiful people are there. I actually had a fun time here the night I was there. I was alone and was 'adopted' by some fun people. I could not imagine having dinner here though. It's very loud. It's a dance club. The drinks are through the roof expensive. 

If you are a beautiful person or aspire to be near same, I'd tack on another star. If you're hungry, I'd probably take one off.
I'm a bit ambivalent on Barcelona - an upscale LA/Miami style dance palace.  I've had great times dancing and enjoying the company I was with.  Only drank and danced here, but hear the restaurant is overpriced and not that great.  But for drinking and dancing it is a 3.5 stars.  The pretty people and their wannabes are in full effect - so it's not for everyone.

It might even be worth it for the spectacle of it all - both the massive size of the place, and for the comical people-watching.  It's good for some chuckles, at least!
Oh, blessed Scottsdale. If only ye were as slick as ye has imagined. Therein lies the problem with Barcelona and her patrons.

I've long heard this place was THE place to see and be seen in Scottsdale. I knew that wasn't true and had no plans ever to go there. But a birthday party for a fine young man fueled my trip on a Saturday night.

Thankfully, we arrived shortly before 10 p.m. --- ahead of many of the plastic millionaires and their shiny chariots. Being the lame, tongue and knuckle dragging fools we are, of course, men had to shell out $10 while women were spared. Once inside, we could see where it was all heading.

It's an older crowd at Barcelona than, say, whatever club on Mill Avenue in Tempe. But that's not to say they are grown-ups. In fact, it is a lot more like high school than anything else. The uncool cool people prance around while spiced up oldies make communicating with anything other than hand gestures and swirling hips worthless. The black-suited security guards talking into their sleeves every few seconds also offer a real --- if not short-lived and ultimately comical --- feel that this place is actually hip. 

In a word: Underwhelming.

Make no mistake about it, though, Barcelona is beautifully appointed. Leather chairs and sofas make for comfy private lounges for the lucky (or wealthy) few who occupy them. The sprawling patio is an excellent place on a late summer evening in Arizona. Multiple bars make for relatively speedy service. And the overall gargantuan size of the place makes the crowd seem less, well, crowded.

But alas, this is no place for me. By the looks of the joint, it's no place for diners either. Middle-aged partiers with bulging eyeballs and well- yet artificially endowed gold diggers, on the other hand, are apparently welcomed with open arms. Cha, cha, cha.
Massive Scottsdale scene - fake rich guys and plastic women.  Went here for a business meeting and we both ordered steaks which came out extremely rare and had to be sent back.  The waiter forgot other stuff and the food was mediocre at best considering the prices.  The restaurant is run very strangely ... bouncer type guys with ear piece walkie talkie things come around every 15 minutes to make sure everything is going OK ... but in a harassing way.  This place may be heaven for some, but if gaudy large scale club atmospheres with an annoying crowd ain't your thang... stay away.
Bad ass bar!  huge Club!  Very Very hip! the Decor is awesome! it had a line that wrapped around the block.  babes everywhere.  very cool crowd.  They had a hip hop group playing live, they really rocked the house, and the DJ in between sets he was was awesome.   Dance floor was gigantic!  we got a table and our own "mixologist"?!  pretty cool.  super entertaining.  Words will not do it justice, it was an experience!  I know nothing about the food here but for partying it was awesome!
This place sucked. First of all, as an out of towner- I have never seen so many old fake orange women in my life. I felt like I was in an episode of The Real Housewives of Orange County: Scottsdale Edition. I am just bitter because I came here for a joyous occasion of a wedding VIP party, but I was denied access at the door because I was wearing tennis shoes. Gimme a break, my shoes weren't some  salvation army shoes. They were quite expensive "plaid original chucks" that had character and style. They still denied me in after I complained saying I have never had a problem in LA, SF, NY, VEGAS but clearly Scottsdale I do.  

Anyways, after the $10 cover charge, they gave me a ticket for a free fish taco or something. Sick. I don't want to eat fish tacos at 11pm. This place reminded me of Cheesecake Factory after dark. Everyone is old. They don't have a DJ, instead they have a band that does bad covers of bad songs like "Wind it Up" and "Glamorous". 

Worst part? I saw old guys wearing phat farm tennis shoes and mandals. How the hell are mandals allowed at a club but trendy kicks aren't?

Avoid this place at all costs unless you want to get picked up by a lonely horny housewife of Scottsdale. The themesong to this place should be Nelly's MANEATER.
Ok, so the atmosphere is great here in terms of being upscale, but there are some negatives.

1.  Cougars on the prowl - lots of hot, old women who are on the prowl for younger guys....they are full of botox and silicone.  I guess this isn't always a negative, as it does help boost ones ego, but sometimes the way that they are desperate is sort of lame.

2.  BBQ - If you're sitting outside on the patio, prepare to smell like BBQ chicken after you are done.  I don't know who designed this, but it was pretty poor engineering.  You don't build a BBQ in the middle of the lounge, so that your patrons get smoke in their faces.

3.  Fancy Cars - Sure I love Ferrari's just as much as the next guy, but the fact that they put them in the front is sort of lame....like they're trying too hard to make themselves look uber-cool.

4.  Lounge singers - they have had the same lounge singers, singing the same songs for years.  I thought that the girl was hot, but she's more of a Monet (good from afar, but all messed up when looking up close)

All in all, I give them a 3 for entertainment value (humor).  This isn't exactly the best nightclub in the world though.
Damn, if this is not the perfect place to meet women. I read some reviews about cougars, well I like milf's. For one, for this fantasy to come true it better happen soon as, I am 36 years old, and the age I prefer to date for long term decreases by the minute. Anyway, this place has people of all ages that is what I liked best. I do wish they had a place of this caliber in the bay area then I wouldnt be single. Then, again, I never met a girl friend at a bar. Anyway, Arizona women are better than Miami. The jury is still out on Texas which most of my guy friends seem to say are the top of the states. Arizona women are amazing.  Okay, back to barcelona if you want to indoor lounge they got it, want to hang out outside got it, want to dance on the dance floor got it. Whatever type of person you are, this is a great place to go if you are the type who can make your own fun.
Barcelona is what Scottsdale is all about.  The best place to go for drinks, listen to music and people watch.  And the happy hour lasts until around 9p!  My friend and I had about 10 berrs and I think our bill was about $30.

About 10 of us went for New Year's Eve 2006 we had dinner and entry to the club for $75/pp.

I love the outdoor patio.  The staff are very polite.  Its just a fun place to go!
Four stars for the drink special (can't quite remember what it was but that's a good thing right?)

Love being outdoors and although it can be a bit trendy/cheesy, perhaps that's my elitist side coming out.  Damn me for living in a great city like SF and getting spoiled!  Being outdoors at night is nice though!
All you people who dont like Barcelona need to get over yourself, let loose, and have some fun. It's a great place to go to dinner or pop in later in the night for the live band. Perfect for big parties...had my birthday there with 50 people...they did an amazing job. Such a fun place that offers a lot of different things...restaurant, night club, and lounge.
So the guys are a little older.  What dont you people understand about free drinks?  I walked into this place on Friday night and was offered a shot of patron before I even got through the entry.  

God Bless Barcelona.  

This place has been reviewed so much so I'll stick to the basics:

Its huge.
Lots of comfortable couches/tables/standing room.
Dance floor thats really really packed.
Cover band.  Think Zowie Bowie but lame.  
OldER crowd, but not creepy-old and not too-poor-to-buy-girls-a-drink old.  
Great table/bottle/VIP service
AWESOME, spacious, asthetically pleasing, modern bathrooms with an attendant.  No lines.
No cover for girls, $10 for dudes.

In summary, aside from the really bad band (if you can even call them that, they just sig over popular music...music that I like, but the singers are so cheesy and weird it freaks me out), I loved Barcelona.  Definitely worth the 15 minute road trip north from Old Town.
Cougars are on the prowl at this north Scottsdale nightspot. You'll find women in their 40s scamming on guys who could be their sons! You'll also see the 50-year-old guys flaunting their arm candy -- a younger woman half their age! The people watching is part of the fun at this spacious dance club which features a martini lounge and supper club.

Drinks are pricey. The cover band is pretty cheesy and the singer looks as if she could be an adult star on the side. If you find yourself at Barcelona, duck into La Rouge. It's a cute martini bar where you can get away from the madness of the patio and the dance floor.
Don't quite think it's bringing sexy back....

What can't I say about this place that hasn't been said before?

Food:  they have a new chef, so apparently they heard others talking badly about the food.  I actually really enjoyed the food and our server was awesome.  Ridiculously expensive?  Yes.  Good to my tum?  Definitely.  We decided to try a little of everything so in our menu was the Seared Ahi, Chopped salad with bacon dates, Tenderloin empanadas, Mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes, and sweet potato fries.

Ahi was seared perfectly.  It had a slightly spicey musky sauce with it.  Very yum unless you don't like raw-ish fish.  Bacon dates are my new favorite.  Mmmm.  Empanadas were good, but you didn't really get much of a meat flavor.  Caprese was wonderfully fresh.  Sweet potato fries....god yes.

Price per dish around $9 to $14.  You're looking at about $25 for an entree.  Drinks were relatively decent in price...but $12 for a glass of wine.  My favorite Reisling is $12 per bottle, for crying out loud.

This place is AWESOME for people watching.  Young things with massive...melons of flesh, meat-head men trying to look cool, 50+ women trying to outdo the young things, and 50+ men ogling everyone creepily.

The singers on stage were quite cheesy.  Great choice in music, but I'd much rather listen to the DJ version than a upscale karaoke.  No dude, you're NOT bringing sexy back with those aviator shades and check shirt.  And whoa...the female singer...honey, you need someone else to do your extentions.

Wierd mix of dress code:  from prom date to stained t-shirts.  Ugh.

$9 for a pack of cigs (I don't smoke, but I heard) and you can order a drink in the bathroom.  Wha?  So you can drink and pee all night long and never have to leave the room?

Funny, funny place.  I'd probably go again mainly for the abundance of people watching.  This place doesn't get more than three mainly for the cheese factor and the prices.  At least sugar daddies abound at this place.
Snotsdale at its finest! This place is a large bar/night club that was built by Danny, of Danny's car wash fame, who made millions keeping cars clean against the dust storms and monsoons of the Valley of the Sun, and needed a good place where he could go dancing with his woman. 

It actually is a restaurant, too. The food is Ok. The Paella is huge and not bad. They try real hard to make this place the chi-chi joint for the hip resort/snowbird crowd. It is huge, with several dining areas and bars, a large patio, and a small stage and decent dance floor. They usually have live music on the weekends and intersperse with Disco DJs. On weekends you have cowgirls walking around with their "shooters" holsters and shot glasses thru the 4 bars. A lot of the waitresses (not just here, but in most of Snotsdale's higher end joints) are part time ASU coeds trying to make a buck to buy more short skirts and halter tops at the mall. 

Everyone at night is pretty much trying to create an impression beyond their true reality, whether it is the young diggers or the old farts. If you are from Dallas or Calgary, you will probably like this place for its unapologetic panash for conspicouus consumption.  

The food and drinks are overpriced; the eye candy plentiful; and reality is far, far away. Bring your Cheesehead friends from Wisconsin in November and they will be impressed.
Muchas gracias to Geetah and Hank for taking little 'ol out-of-towner me to Barcelona.

Given it being a Thursday, the place was packed.  Best way to describe this place is amazing Spanish decor on a large scale.  The outdoor patio is perfect for warm days/nights and the interior is typical of Scottsdale architecture: new, modern with airplane hanger height ceilings and furnished with beautiful furniture and warm tones.

Dare I say it?  It's actually better than places in S.F.  *sniff*

I expected country bumpkins (Sorry!  My first time in Phoenix.  Had to trudge over for work.) but found a Laguna Beach/Costa Mesa atmosphere (sans the ocean) in the middle of the desert.

The crowd's friendly, male-to-female ratio balanced and we even snagged some boxing tickets from a nice guy walking around.  Does it get any better than that?

I heard Brittany and Jess head to this place when they're in town...but you may/may not want to disclose that info.

The only drawback to the Scottsdale/Phoenix scene is the distance between one venue to the next.  Imagine yourself driving through the suburbs and going to expansive strip malls (p.c. version would be lifestyle complexes) for action.  Oh, and maybe too many golf shirts walking around late at night.  Go during happy hour for the best crowd.
All I have to say is......W.....T......F?

Scene: 6 people in their early to mid 20's walks into Barcelona. Half of them from New York, the other half from San Francisco (or San Fran as the folks in Scottsdale likes to say). Their mouths have dropped and they sit in udder amazement. A band from 1994 gets up on stage and tries to get the crowd of 40 year olds going.  With every song played, the folks from separate coasts, just stand there in complete shock....and then THEY DRANK because THEY HAD TO!

This place is oh so bad! OH SO BAD!!! Go if you need a good laugh.
I'm being nice with 2 stars.  This place is overrated.  I heard this was the hot spot to hang out in Phoenix...NOT!  I was visiting from out of town and there is absolutely NOTHING special about this place.  The food was nothing to brag about and the place in general as well.
I'm gonna go four stars because after reading the reviews, you're sort of ready for what you get, and they are selling a pretty specific experience.  It's the super-be-everything-bar that is like Disneyland for adults.  We're a bar, no we're a restaurant, no we're a club, wait we're also a lounge, and did I mention we're a jazz spot?  The list goes on.  But you know, they sort of do a decent job of all of it and it's kind of crazy to see all the different sorts a joint like this attracts. (point: great people watching)

So the huge Vegas like-ness of the place make up for the not bad, but not great food and at the same time, the service was solid.  They were out of the lobster I ordered but they substituted and took care of the inconvenience.
This is a great place to dance and mingle. The band Envy plays good songs and the crowd is always pumping. Older crowd but still a lot of fun. I'm actually going there tonight, can't wait. One of my favorite nightclubs in the Valley.
Would have to agree with Rana A below... I think she said it best

Actually, I had several folks tell me this place was lousy before I went... it even fell below my already low expectations...

Given that I just left the real Barcelona (in Spain)- part of me was truly crying inside that night. OK, I gotta admit- everytime I tell someone I was just in Barcelona (the city) and they say "you mean the one in Scottsdale" there is a part of me that wants to just pack my bags and fly back...
I've only had 'good times' @ Barcelona so I have very few complaints about the joint.  There is definitely an eclectic mix of people that go there but I think that's what makes it fun.  I met an Eastern European fighter, slow danced to Sinatra with the owner of a foreign auto dealership, and encountered a funny old man who must've been about 90 that somehow got on stage to shake his groove thang with the female singer.  He later came to our table and after my friend complimented his dance moves, he blew in her ear and said "You know what that was?  I just gave you a blow job."  Whoa--LOL!

I do agree that it's strange to buy drinks in the ladies room and that some chicks seem to lounge on the couch in there, checkin out other chicks when they walked through the door.  I felt like I was bein judged before a panel, whenever I passed the couch!  And I haven't seen the cougars but have definitely come across my disproportionate share of the 'J. Howard Marshall' types.  

All in all, the only reason I can't give this place 4 stars is b/c of the outrageous drink prices.
Disclosure: I wasn't here for the nightly festivities and therefore can't rate the nightclub experience. I did not eat at the restaurant either. So I cannot rate that.

  Barcelona is aesthetically pleasing. The people who designed and decorated this place did a commendable job. We sat on the plush patio couches, puffed our cigars and had a few drinks. The service was above average. We had a great time and enjoyed being here. We left a little after the evening crowd started getting in. The clientele appeared to be a mix of men and women with an average age in the mid-40s. They were mostly well dressed and respectable looking. 

Barcelona is definitely a high end establishment and if dropping Benjamins is not your thing then this is not the place for you.
I love it.  Being new to the whole club scene in AZ,  I love it!  Its so spacious, you can hang out either outdoors and indoors (I love this the most!!),  lots of fun and good looking people and the cosmo there is yummy!  I can't wait to go here again!!
If I would rather repeatedly shoot myself in the junk with frozen paintball pellets than go to a certain bar, then you know it must have a lot going for it.
So, up until tonight, I've primarily used Yelp as a dating website. A girl thinks my picture is kinda cute. I write reviews that demonstrate I passed high school English. She writes/compliments me... I'm cocky/funny. I offer to explore downtown with her. She turns me down. I try the next girl. Same result. But the intent is always there. After this review, I doubt I'll have to worry about succeeding with any woman who ever reads this review ever again. 

So check it out. I'm a male slut. If I meet you in person and I lay my lines on you and smile in this certain way that I've discovered makes women look away and blush, you'll definitely give me your number and probably go home with me within one more encounter. That's my M.O. It works. If it ain't broke... 

I'm not altogether proud of the man I've become but I'm not going to stop either. From what I've gathered from movies and television, my life is fairly wonderful. Unless me writing about it causes some cosmic/karmic shift and I get disfigured in a car accident tomorrow and lose my mojo, I have several strong years of carousing left in me.  

Ok, all that said, I've been reading on Yelp about all the "cougars" who frequent this lovely establishment. I define a "cougar" not by age, but as a woman who knows what she wants (me). So my buddy, who's also a man about town and similarly successful in this field, and I decide that this is our new watering hole. We've been there twice in the last two weeks. Guess how many woman we've taken home or who have taken us to their homes in the last two weeks? Four. Guess how many we've given The Business to... The same four. Guess what our batting average is... .1000

Usually, I need to take a woman out one more time before The Business is exchanged. Sometimes more if she's particularly prudish. Barcelona is where The Business is the understood currency. I like The Business. So if you're reading this and you think I'm scum, I used to be you. I've "evolved." If you're reading this and you're a woman who knows what she wants, shoot me a message. And if you're reading this you think I'm lying because you didn't get laid last time you went there, I am willing to show you how. But you'd never take my advice because you don't believe me or think you'll succeed next time on your own or think I'm an ass for writing this and you don't want to meet me on principle. I don't blame you. I feel dirty. But just a little. Mostly smug.
I recently visited AZ, stayed at the JW Marriott and every single staff person I spoke to said we should party at Barcelona. It started sounding like there was some sort of arrangement between the owners. Being that I'm vegetarian, we decided that this wasn't the place for dinner. So we didn't really end up here until almost 11pm.
The music was great! I loooooooooooved it. The creepy old guys were... creepy. But the bartenders and waitresses were awesome, the drinks were nummy and i loved the outdoor area with the "cabanas." Would definitely recommend this place for partying!
This is your go-to place if you are visiting from out of town for golfing and are over 30. When I've gone I've seen more well dressed cougars looking for a dance than you could shake a stick at. However, this place isn't just for people over the hill, its fun for all ages. A fine establishment.
Plain and simple this place sucks! The food was disgusting and the waiter wasn't able to give me any details on what was on the menu. This so called high end restaurant had some stuck up hostess and waitress. I ordered a steak medium rare, I was given a burnt piece of meat. I ordered lobster bisque and was given sloppy with butter in my soup and it was the saltiest thing I've ever eaten. This place can't do food or entertainment. The entertainment was called Envy. What a joke! They can't sign but apparently every overly tanned person in Arizona think they are wonderful. No accounting for taste. If you go to Scottsdale, take a pass on this place...its overpriced. What they spent on pretty building they should have spent on training staff and getting an actual DJ! Or and they should invest in a better chef.
I must admit, I'm a tiny bit embarrassed that I LOVE this place.  When a group of us girls get together, pull out the party dresses, and break out the spray tans this is where we go!  First off, the place is huge with a large patio, so there's always somewhere to walk around and grab a drink (unlike PCL and SIX....too small and you only have room to stand there awkwardly until you've had 3 or 10 drinks).  The band, Envy, is the best thing about the place.....the 2 good looking guys and the cute girl put a ton of energy into performing top 40 stuff.   

On top of that, the people watching......wow.  There's a big age range from 20's to 50's, and yes, the cougars are on the prowl and there are creepy guys a plenty.  That's part of the entertainment!  

I haven't eaten here, so the 5 stars is definitely for a Friday or Saturday night out.
Interesting concept....dine, entertainment, dance club - all packed into one building.  Reminds me of the life style of Barcelona where first seating begins no earlier than 9 pm....visual stimulation galore, food a-ok for the one stop convenience.  
No firsthand review of the dancing portion.

Worth checking out if in Scottsdale.
I wish I could give this zero stars, in the sense that this place is not negative or positive, it just Is. Barcelona is the simultaneously the most awesome and the very worst club I've ever been to.

There's some sort of Zen shit going on in this space where I should have been having the worst time of my life, but instead I was madly in love with this bar and its motley crew of inhabitants. 

The "band" is wildly entertaining yet I also want to open up on them with a flame thrower.

The men are equal parts hot and cheesy.

The drinks are strong but taste awful.

I would go here once a month if I lived in Scottsdale, as a sort of barometer for...something. As long as I know a place like Barcelona still exists, I know that the universe still holds mysteries that I'm not ready to comprehend.

But you'd have to be fucking nuts to eat here.
Every bar I have ever walked into has had an alarmingly poor ratio of men to women (too many men and not enough women). I have often wondered if every bar has too many men, there must be one place where all of the women go. Where is that place? That question was once rhetorical. It turns out, in Scottsdale, Arizona, that place is Barcelona's. 

We were seated early in the section that is cleared out to make way for a dance floor as later in the night Zooey Boey takes the stage. We started with a few appetizers, of which my clear favorite was the macadamia nut encrusted shrimp; they were incredibly good (I do not even like macadamia nuts). The portions were more than generous for each person at the table. I had the bone-in-ribeye which came with a Bearnaise sauce on the side that was very good. They serve a molten chocolate desert that was heavenly on a soft bed of ice cream. We all left extremely full and even more satisfied with the meal. 

The place is a little pricey, but Barcelona's is easily my new "go-to" restaurant in Scottsdale. Attire is casual through professional. 

Barcelona's is located on the Greenway-Hayden Loop east of Scottsdale Road. 

I can't wait to get back.
Once in a while the girls and I will feel the need to nurture our wild hair .....and this is the place to do it!!
I'm the kind of girl that needs to dance-off a cocktail so this is the right place to get it out of my system. Barcelona has brought new meaning to 'people-watching'...over the years I have watched the growth and success of plastic surgery while frequenting Barcelona....business must be booming here!!!
I will admit that I have celebrated a few good times here in great company of my best of friends - and this place will always be our FUN hang to 'shake it'.
Get there before 10pm when the crowds start to form - you will get your warm up walking to the front entrance from where you parked your car!!...And guys....SORRY that they make you wait in a separate line around the back side!! 
Has any man ever complained about this??!!
Is it pronounced "Bath-elona" like the football club?
Mes que un Club

Trendy, flash, done.

Clearly this place does not follow the same motto as the football club.
This is pretty much a standard ho/bro spot.  Fun, but I'm not really that into it.  
Cool place in moderation.

Cheers
Until then, get the beers in...
if Michelin Guide reviewed and rated cheezy pick-up bars targeted for 30+ suburbanites, instead of fine european restaurants, barcelona would earn 'trois' stars! 
+many bars staffed with former hooters waitresses 
+live band playing the best of Wham! (sorry Wham!) 
+big dance floor 
+DJ while band is on break 
+just-right lighting so that beer goggles engage early 
+indoor and outdoors areas offering many opportunities to seek out new 'friends'
GR8 Happy Hr
Posh Interior
Amazing Outdoor Patio
Good Service
LUV Appies
Don't usually stay late, BUT eye candy all around "if" u do
Dance floor, BUSY @ wknds
Like it best @ 5/6pm venue - in or out side :-)
This used to be a really good spot, but it seems to be sliding lately. Staff is so-so, the management I have met is just slightly smarter than livestock. There are two things I can praise. They do an excellent job at being both an upscale bar AND a upscale restaurant, not many places are able to pull that off. Second is the Dj in the larger room where the band preforms, he knows whats up! And yes this place is cougar central, gentlemen watch out.
edited to add: CLOSED! GOOD!

my folks went to Barcelona for Valentine's Day and it was HORRIBLE.

First of all, they put the valet parking in the middle of the parking lot. WTF? I thought you paid for valet so you didn't have to walk!

The meal was terrible. Paella - shell bits in it. My mom got sick from the seafood, as soon as she got home she had terrible runs and felt horrible the next day.

My father likes pepper on his food. They asked for some pepper, a guy came by and gave a quick twist with the pepper grinder and BAM! he was gone.

Well he wanted more pepper so when they FINALLY flagged down the waitress, they asked for more pepper. She brought them a pepper shaker. :-(

The pepper shaker wasn't working right for my father, he could not get anything out of it, Danny himself came by and asked how things were. My father told him he couldn't get the pepper shaker to work. Danny said, "Great, I'm glad to hear it!" and left. WTF?

oh and when some apparent VIPs came in, my folks were completely ignored.

They dropped nearly $300 there! What a joke. If you want a good meal, AVOID Barcelona.
We can't stop here... This is cougar country!

Seriously, this is such a cougar's den. Not just that, but this place has the biggest infestation of douche bags. You need a gas mask just to cut through the Axe, bronzer, and fumes of hair gel that linger throughout the air. If you want a visual of what this place looks like on the weekend, take a gander at: www.hotchickswithdouchebags.com . Click it. It's a real site and it's what this place and its patrons looks like. If you model your style of dress and behavior after VH1 reality shows, drop in for a swig and some high-fives from your fellow date rapists. If not, just pray in thanks that Scottsdale is where it's at and everything you love is where it is.

There's a live band that plays and I'm not a fan, mainly because it's not my type of music. They play alot of butt rock and the like... basically stuff you'd expect a cruise ship band to have jam sessions to in about 20 years.

The only reason I'm giving this place 1 star as opposed to none (if that were an option) is that the staff is pretty good. They tend to see that everything is going good and do a good job of bringing what you've ordered on time. Lastly, I feel bad for alot of the waitresses. How they put up with a crowd that takes pointers from episodes of Rock of Love and Tool Academy, I will never know.
WARNING: COUGAR CROSSING!

If you are a young man and want to get down with an older, nice looking woman- go here.  Everyone else... don't bother!
I have actually never eaten here and from what I've heard I'm not missing out. 

I haven't noticed as many cougars here as everyone else. I tend to see more barely legal females with men who could be their fathers or grandfathers. But anyway, I always have a great time at this place. Yes, the dance floor gets extremely crowed, but the band is great!

Most of the guys here adhere to the following dress code: Spiky hair, orange tan and Ed Hardy or Affliction t-shirts.
Most of the girls here adhere to the following dress code: Spiky heels and not much else.

It's a great place to people watch.
Oh Barcelona, I visited you with low expectations - and you didn't disappoint.

A lovely young woman of my recent acquaintance invited me here recently for the purpose of attending a birthday party for a friend of hers. Neither of us would have come here otherwise. 

If you're thinking about going, don't do it. If you care for the deets, read on. If not, stop reading here and.... go somewhere else. Please. 

We show up at about 8 for drinks and dinner. I wasn't in a drinking mood, my date's Appletini was pretty Appley but the amount of liquor was tini. Must be why they call it an Appletini. Hm. Highlight was the bread brought to the table - the pretzel rolls were the highlight of the evening. How sad is that?

Now... the place is called Barcelona. Barcelona is a city in Spain. THe closest thing to a Spanish dish on the menu us Paella, otherwise it's a steakhouse menu with a few obligatory pasta dishes. Totally uninspired.

I ordered the ribeye, medium rare. It came out medium, and the glaze and whatever else they put on it were awful, save the two onion rings. I doubt this was USDA prime beef. It just wasn't that good, and the room was so dark that it was hard to see what I was eating. The shoestring fries side were a pleasant surprise - a giant mound of crispy potato. 

My date had some kind of pasta with shrimp dish. The shrimp were overdone, the pasta was, ok. Denny's pasta is OK, too, and let's face it, so is Chef Boyardee... So don't read too much into the complement. 

Barcelona. Spain. The place doesn't look that Spanish on the inside. There is a giant mural on the ceiling, dim lights, it reminds me more of Las Vegas cheese than Spain. 

While you dine, there are two Scottsdouche (or is it Douchedale?) types crooning back and forth to each other on stage. Is this where failed American Idol contestants try to relive their moment of glory? I don't know. They made a reappearance later, singing along with a DJ to a selection of bad 90's pop music with the occasional 80's party jam. 

The crowd is douchey. The food is awful and on the pricey side. The service, spotty. 

If you're coming for the thing Barcelona is famous for, you'll find a lot of it. If not, stay away. Far, far away.
Sutra no longer offers 50% off on Tuesday nights... but Barcelona does.

So, that's where we found ourselves meeting some friends tonight for dinner and drinks.

It was a beautiful evening, so we sat outside on the patio.  We went back and forth on using the heat lamps provided.  Chelsea was our server and she was sweet as can be but perhaps a tad bit on the ditzy side.  The guys seemed to admire looking at her (bustier) every time she leaned over the table, and I was nervous something was going to pop out.

Aside from that entertainment, the food was decent.  It was not amazing.  I had the chopped salad which was pretty good and big enough to share, followed by the sea bass (no surprise there) entree.  Jared had an 8 oz filet and Zack had a ribeye.  We all shared spinach and sweet potato fries as sides, and the guys each had dessert.  I didn't have any (ahem - wedding diet), but they seemed to be orgasming over the chocolate lava cake... the cheese cake and berry dessert also went over well at the table.

With the 50% off Tuesday special, this was $30 per person with tip.  For the amount of food we got, this was a deal, but had we payed full price? Not so much... 

If I return, it will be on a Tuesday night for the 1/2 off special.  Other than that, I'm not really interested.
I will say one thing about Barcelona. It is spacious, so for all the claustrophobic people out there, you'll definitely not feel like a sardine in a tin can. I love how you have your options open - if you'd like to feel the sultry summer breeze, or lack of, you can sit outside, or if you are freezing you can go to the main building, and dance your drunk ass off. Yes, the live band's slightly cheesy, but when you're inebriated, who cares? 

Caution, for cougar lovers, there are a lot prowling around, waiting to sink their claws in young meat. I've never had the opportunity to eat there, so I can't say anything in regards to food. This is definitely not for people who are going out, expecting to meet a ton of young people, and surround yourself with recent college graduates. Yes, there is diversity. I've seen young to extremely old. I've met my share of extremely weird characters, like this man who was trying to pull girls from the dance floor or the bar, to share the VIP experience with his son who was celebrating his birthday. It sort of felt like he was trying to pimp us out to his son, but that's a different story all together. 

Barcelona's is a cougar's den, and the drinks aren't satisfactory for the wallet, but I do emphasize how I love the spaciousness of this place! I suppose that's the only reason I enjoy it, anyway. I usually relax outside, and the dancing side of me doesn't come into action here. With the live band, it's hard to shake my moneymaker, anyway.
Lions and cougars and manthers! Oh my! Yep. I might as well have been on a safari....the cougars we're thick as thieves. We were here for an event and this joint was jumpin'! Thankfully, it must hold 10,000 people...it is enormous. Lots of different rooms, patios and lounges for the cougars to make their attack. I had VIP service so I can't complain about that. The food was a buffet and was actually quite good. Of course I could have eaten a dish rag and been happy as I needed something to soak up the free Patron. Yep. Free Patron. The crowd was typical for this neck of Scottsdale. Hello stereotype! Could you be any more accurate. I had fun mingling, people watching and leaving. Yep. Leaving. We made a quick escape after I was called a fag in the bathroom by some gelled up, steroided out cardboard head dude. Sorry, just cuz I tried to share a urinal with him. Jeez! What's up with that. Some people are so territorial! I'd go here again, for an event, but never, never for a night out. Adios Barcelona!
No doubt that this is Scottsdale's ultimate cougar den. I ended up here two nights in a row because it has a huge outdoor area, it's easy to move around, and hey if a cougar wants sink her teeth into me, and she hasn't escaped from a geriatric home then I wont hold it against her.
I guess I was here twice, maybe a 3rd time, but there is some fog in between the memory and me. Barcelona was praised to me as the best thing since sliced bread, Blue Martini and Star Trek together (dont have to tell you they all s...).

As I am admittedly claustrophobic I enjoyed the outdoor space majorly. The drinks were good and strong, but I dont know about the prices. I was there with a Detroit crowd (I guess all of Detroit moves to Phx) and for some reason I didnt have to pay for anything. 

Music was ok, nothing special, just the usual crowd pleasers and some people, mostly MILFS and GILFS (think about it) tried to dance. Gosh, please, white people, dont dance. I know, I am white, but there is a reason I date Latinas only! Mmm, what about if I am a woman and go there - how would I rate the guyz? - besides one really normal and nice guy who hit on one of my female friends - I would probably puke on the dance floor. 

Overall scene: douches and DDs. Nothing special at all.

Btw: While girls go out to "DANCE" with their girls, we guys do not go out to just "DANCE" with our buddies!
So..this place is cute!  Huge dance floor!  The whole place is huge! Geesh~  Fun decor and nice bartenders.  The guys there seem pretty lame though.  Cool place to get dressed up and dance.
i enjoy Barcelona.

when i moved to Scottsdale, AZ, this was he first bar i went to.  It was right down the street from where I lived (which ended up being a great location).  

all of the greatest friends i made during my year there i met here and im still in touch with today,

i normally dont get into that whole "club" scene...but i always had a blast when i was there.  

i do have to say i would never go there looking for a Mr.  if i was single.  i don't care for Scottsdale men, they are WANNABE's, drive their BMW's yet live with like 6 other roommates just so they can AFFORD that BMW.  If there was a section on Yelp about Scottsdale men, i don't think there would be enough room for my negative opinion.  this place is full of them YES.  

But like i said, the service is great, i loved my bartender James.  and i always had a BLAST when i was there.

i miss you Barcelona. xoxo
Barcelona was a great restaurant years ago and had the best paella in Scottsdale. Today, Barcelona is supposed to be a club scene, but in actuality, it's fairly empty. 

This place lost its focus and reminds me of Maestro's in the OC.
This is the place. This is the place everyone wants to get in on Saturday nights (the only night non-members can get in) and there is a reason! The view is one of the best on the strip and the decor made up of price-less antiques from india. The crowd is rowdy and eager to get partying after waiting in line forever. This is the place to wear your nicest clothes, spend all your money, and dance to the best music. If you have ever been to Las vegas and haven't been here then you are truly missing out. Not everyone knows about htis place but for those in the know, there isn't anywhere else on Mondays.
Find a member. Also find the hip-hop room... its mysteriously hidden and has a VIP section. Find a way into there.  Don't go to Vegas without checking this place out. "Members Only" did not die out in the 80s.
Maybe I went at a bad time or on a bad night, but I couldn't wait to ditch the place for something more enticing. The crowd was too old, the music wasn't getting any reaction (meaning no dancing), and I can't believe this place is members only... I would never pay. If you like a stiff, older crowd then check it out :)
Oohh... ahhh... a posh, semi-secret members-only club in Vegas!  You know what?  It's not nearly as cool as it sounds.  Imagine my disappointment, after getting onto the VIP list with the help of a local connection, but it's the truth.  (The Foundation Room is open to the hoi polloi on Mondays, or else there wouldn't be much point in reviewing it, would there?)

Okay, yes, it does feel pretty awesome when you walk up to the unobtrusive podium in the lobby, murmur your name to the hostess behind the desk, and get waved through the ropes to the single elevator.  There's no need to punch buttons, because it only goes one place - straight up to the Foundation (ironically, located at almost the very top of Mandalay Bay).  

When the elevator doors open, you're greeted with the kind of quiet, plush elegance that tells you you really don't belong.  The club consists of a series of rooms branching off to either side of a main lounge.  From the lounge, you can also reach the restaurant and the balcony, which really does have a stunning view of the Strip - the best in the city, if the hype is to be believed.  It's pretty spectacular, and so the balcony is always crowded with people wrestling between their desire to gawk and their desire to look cool and jaded.

And yes, the decor is not only tasteful but actually beautiful - romantically dim lights, opulent Indian and Asian art and decorations, and exotic wood paneling and carvings.  Smaller, private rooms off the hallways are reserved for private parties, but a quick peek revealed low, plush couches and more elaborate furnishings and art.  

The main lounge is where the bar is, but good luck muscling your way up to the front and getting served - and if you do, you'll find yourself paying $12 for a small drink that's mostly ice.  Yum.  A second, smaller room has another bar and (at least the night I was there) a complimentary hookah table set up on one side, with three hookahs bubbling away in different flavors.  Bowls of plastic-wrapped disposable mouthpieces were set out, so you'd just grab one and get ready to puff - an uncharacteristically free bonus in an otherwise insanely overpriced place.

The music wasn't anything super-special - muted trance-house with a vaguely Asian flavor in the lounge, and more hip-hop in the smaller room.  But everyone is too busy looking hott and being way too cool to actually want to dance, so all there really is to do here is silently judge each other's outfits and suck on your expensive ice drink.  This is okay for about an hour, but then it gets old fast.

I'm glad I went to the Foundation Room for two reasons: to see that magnificent view, and to have my illusions about exclusive members-only clubs demolished.  Yeah, it's posh and people are probably wearing outfits that cost more than my annual salary, but you'll have way more fun slurping $2 beaker shots and dancing to disco at Gay Corners, where everyone's allowed in.  Power to the people!
This place is not special at all.  How it's members only?  I don't know.  Initially you're greeted with the lounge area that feels like some private party, not a happening scene.  The saving grace of the place is having a drink with a view of the strip.  The food was okay.  The lobster salad for $18 was HORRIBLE.  I wouldn't go back.
"The sensor is like a clitoris.  Once you find it, you're all set."

This was what was told to me by the bathroom attendant as I was having trouble engaging the sensor at the sink.  I had to share the story with my friends once I got back to the table.

I was torn between a 3 and a 4 here.  The Foundation room is on the top floor of Mandalay Bay.  You need to be a member to get up here, but fortunately on our trip for NYE, one of our friends' brother had a comped meal so we all had dinner there for FREE!  FREE!  Ain't nothing wrong with free.

The pain in the ass was that it took us 7 hours to drive from LA, normally a 3-4 hour trip.  Most of us weren't going to wear formal shoes.  Yet that was their policy.  Literally, some of us were wearing t-shirts and track jackets, but apparently as long as you wear formal shoes, you can get in.  As we got in, we saw the person at the elevator on the first floor preventing an irate woman from letting her and her "date" in.

The food was pretty good and the service was amazingly fast.  The 8 of us ordered 4 starters, an entree each, and 3 desserts as well as several beers.  ALL COMPED!  There was nothing spectacular about the food but it was pretty good.

After dinner we went to the adjacent rooms and walked around the dance floors.  The music was super loud and people were partying the night away.  We didn't dance as we were tired, but we did appreciate the fantastic views of the strip from the top floor terrace.

Were it not for the stupid dress code (we had to rush back to our hotel to get proper shoes for our 10:15p reservation), I wouldn't be so torn about giving it a 4.  The service, comped meal, hilarious attendee made this a solid 4.
great view, sort-of, of the strip. it's at an angle, but still pretty decent.
went to this place once, but fell in love immediately. the comfy couches and carpet scenery definitely created a great ambiance. the bartenders were pretty nice in my opinion, and when i made a mistake on an order, she let me go. i guess b/c i was nice, too... ne ways, the main room the night i was there had house music, some good tunes too might i add. only reason i wouldnt give it 5 stars is that the hip hop room was too small! the hip hop room is always too small in many places...shrug
Saturday night - After dining upstairs in the House of Blues Foundation Room, the BF and I wandered through this elusive lounge to check out the scene and to enjoy the view.  

Yes, the view is absolutely fabulous.  With the Mandalay Bay Hotel being at the south end of the strip, it gives you a fabulous view looking up the strip.  And yes, we took a picture up there too.  With a view like that, who doesn't? While enjoying the view, you also meet the most interesting of people who are happy to invite you to party with them, and I do mean 'party' in all ways Vegas can be interpreted.

The music was okay, and the crowd was interesting.  There was a variety of people, in terms of age and genre.  I can't say the same about the ethnic card though as there wasn't such a diversity at all.  We checked out some of the smaller rooms and danced a bit.  I wasn't too impressed by the cow who tripped over her drunk self while apparently trying to dance sexy and in the process stuck her heel into my foot. (And of course, I was wearing open-toed shoes.)  It wouldn't have been so bad if she apologized or excused herself, but she was so drunk and embarrassing that the guys around her were having a 'good' time with her.  Odds were they were both trying to figure out who gets to take her home 'cuz you know she was going to go home with someone, it was just a matter of who.  (If I were them, they both should have negotiated and both gone with her!)  

The ladies' room gets crowded as everyone is in there fixing their make-up and you're bound to find someone, anyone kicking back with the restroom attendant.  I wasn't sure if it was a guest or a cocktail waitress, either way, she was just sitting in there chatting it up all night long. 

It's not that crowded on a Saturday night because you do need to be on the list or a member.  Monday nights are crazy because that's when they open up the doors to the public.  I would only return for the view, but that's about it.  Better music and atmosphere can be found elsewhere.
I definitely give this 1 star for the view- the outside terrace just gives you a panoramic view of the strip and when the weather is warm- you get that balmy feeling... the inside in done up in a pacific tiki interior- from chairs to the walls...a little too dark for my liking but definitely deserves the intimate feel it possess 2 stars...drinks are well made...3stars
It's worth a look just to see the view from the terrace and the over-the-top decor.  I'd like to come here wearing a Members Only jacket just to bask in the irony.
Okay so the view is great. I got in on a Thursday through a connection. The place was not so busy. I liked the decor. It was private and cosy. Just the place to take your companion. I'd go again. 

Video of the View:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JHDfj7xBpY
It's all about the view!

The music was a good mesh of new and fav's. The cozy atmosphere made you feel like you weren't missing anything on the strip. I spent most of my evening on the balcony staring out at the city lights and the most amazing view of the strip. I was there on the weekend, cannot comment on the weekdays.
Monday night in Vegas? GO TO THE FOUNDATION ROOM... that's if you're lucky enough to get in.... If you're a guy expect to pay at least $30. Girls can get away with less, but if you want to wait a little less than be prepared to spend about $20.

This club is AMAZING! I know this analogy might sound lame, but if you were ever a fan of the Osborne's... you might just like this place. Being at this club reminded me of partying at the Osborne's house. There were even fireplaces and couches... OH SO COOL.

Our favorite room of the evening? The House Room... it had the best view of LV in all it's glory! Music was good, too... think Lily Allen House remixes... Loved it!  The hip hop rooms were fun, too...  one was overly crowded but fun no less!

This place is now my second favorite to Tryst! :)
I thoroughly enjoyed this place.  After having dinner over at Mix on a Monday night, the wine sommelier (I forget his name, but he was truly a refreshing change from the norm in Vegas) offered to make a call over to Foundation to ensure that our party would be able to get in.  I was initially worried because our group consisted of 4 males - me being the only female.  Nevertheless, we had no problems at the door (not even a cover), and up the elevator 50 floors we went.

Foundation room is very aesthetically pleasing, as it is decorated in an old-world gypsy/indian/bhuddist theme with lots of lavish fabrics and oriental rugs.  It was a pleasure to wander around from room to room and explore what each had to offer, and every room offered amazing views of the sparkling city.  The rooms are all located off of a long hallway, each one having a different musical theme.  We spent most of our time in the hip hop room and out on the marvelous balcony. 

The view, people.  You look straight down the strip, with the huge Mandalay Bay sign at your level just feet away in all its glittering glory.  The balcony is quite large, and there was ample seating for everyone.  

The only negative thing that happened here was how some racist douchebag made a derogatory comment towards a woman right in front of us.  He would have been a real downer if it weren't for the fabulousness of Foundation room that made up for his idiocy.
WOW!  Not sure, but I don't consider this a dance club (except maybe Monday nights).  I love the Foundation Room for a number of reasons.  

First, it is very "un-Vegas".  It is a great place to take clients, and is exclusive.  A lot of business gets done there.  

Second, it is typically quiet.  When in town and not entertaining, I like to go to watch a game and have a great appetizer and drink in the video room. 

Third, dinner is 5 stars.  Not an inexpensive dinner mind you, but very memorable.  

Yes, people get in on the "list" or "comped" up from the hotel/casino and act poorly.  But the membership is typically much better behaved.

Mondays are the example of nights to miss, unless you want to mingle with that ...
Per my review of Mandalay Bay:

A must, should you have the opportunity, is the Foundation Room.  The food - mmmm...my event was completely catered with incredible delicacies from Asian delectables, ribs, shrimp, and more to a the most lavish spread of goodies waiting to be dunked in the towering chocolate fountain.  Then there is the view......that's all that needs to be said...the view.  Comfortable nooks and rooms of historical enchantment suck you in and forbid you to leave.  

It's totally chill and relaxed...hope you have great experience as well.
Hhmm..

It was nice. Probably not worth being a member there. Older crowd. (*wink wink* they parttay and ring their tabs in the thousands LOL) Women..go with women, they dont seem to mind or charge if you're all women (this excludes trans). 

The only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5... SECURITY, PLEASE STOP LETTING THE PROSTITUTES IN!!!
The architecture was great though the crowd wasn't so much for me.  Definitely older dull types.  I guess that's what you get with a members only place.  The view is absolutely amazing though, definitely the best view in Vegas.

The drinks aren't over priced, it's a good place for a date or to entertain someone but not a place to get down at.  From what I've been told the food is amazing but we were only there for drinks.  I'd go back.. on a different note though, good place though.
We were told that the Foundation Room was the place to go on Monday nights.  However, the night didn't start off too well since we had to wait in line (which I don't like doing) haha.  After we got in, we walked around and went outside to check out the view.  I wish it wasn't so cold outside, I would have stayed out there longer.  The view was amazing.  (check out my pictures)  

We went back inside and had a blast drinking and dancing.  There were a lot of friendly people there which made it nice as well.  I definitely would go back!
Only open to the public on Mondays

It was a nice place to hang out at especially since not that many people know about it! You have to take a special elevator to get here and like I mentioned earlier, only open to the public on Mondays.

I had a pretty good time here considering the couple I went with were getting into arguments.

The music from what I remember was crappy but toward the end it didn't matter because I was getting liquored up. 

If you do have the opportunity to go to the Foundation Room, pretend you're a local. Local girls get in for free. The Local guys however, you have a cover of $10 I believe. Just send in a hot girl to talk to the bouncer and have her sweet talk everyone's way in.  =P

BTW don't forget to bring your camera. The view from the balcony is gorgeous!
I spent this past Saturday night (my 30th birthday) at The Foundation Room at the top of The Mandalay Bay.  

I couldn't have asked for a better way to spend my 30th.  It's a member's only place, but somehow my best friend made arrangements in advance for a group of 8 of us to go.  It was such a great time!

The interior decor is stunning, it's cozy yet not crowded, the crowd is just out to have a good time (not typical Vegas cheesy or pretentious), the view is unbelievable, and the dancing and music were just perfect.  I had such a wonderful time here.  Next time I go to Vegas, I definitely want to head back.  This was by far my favorite spot during the weekend.
NO cover, NO line, NO nasty people, and a cool view from the balcony!
Best club in Vegas!!!

Outstanding ambiance, with alluringly seductive rooms with outstanding decor, each with different types of music.  There is also a decently sized balcony that overlooks the strip (how do you beat that?).

The music (DJ) is just amazing and you can't beat the ambiance, it never gets too packed or stuffy like the rest of Vegas' clubs.  

Hands down the best club!
The first time you come here the first thing you notice is the decor...kind of funky.  Personally, I like the patio area best because when it is busy the inside is just dark and crowded.
Foundation Room memberships and proceeds  support the International House of Blues Foundation, a charity dedicated to promoting cultural understanding and creative expression through music and art. Have fun and give back, sweet deal!

The staff is top-notch, the food is amazing and the drinks are divine. And the view is awesome - GO!
The Foundation Room sucked me in with the Moroccan themed decor. The walls were wrapped with warmed colored cloth patches and the small intimate scattered lounge areas allowed me to sink into the sofas with comfort yet still sip on my glass of Cakebread Chardonnay. The view at the top floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is one of the most spectacular that I have seen of the strips bright neon lights. And of course membership proceeds benefit the International House of Blues Foundation, a non profit the benefits the arts.Definitely a place I will be visiting again soon.
Ugh so disappointing; especially since I had such a great time last time.

Couple of things 1) If "locals" are free, why did my friends who are local have to pay? 2) When did it become socially acceptable for ppl to see a girl get finger banged in her butt? 

I know #2 intrigues most of you so let me explain. There were these 2 "girls" (should be more like whores but whatever)  who were sitting next to the door all over themselves. BTW a guy was there too. So OK they're making out whatever, but when you start seeing one of the girls spread eagle and start getting fingered in the butt, that's just nasty. I don't care how horny you are, you do not, I repeat, do not need to get fingered in the butt in public. That grossed a lot of ppl out, obviously. Made me and the group leave the bar for a while.

The other big reason why I now think this place suck is the management. The guy who let us in the last time is now a huge d*ck.  A group of us were trying to go to another room only to have one of the huge wooden door slam into my friends face. Of course my friend tried to protect herself by putting her hand out but the manager said she was shoving the door open? WTF?! 

We weren't even there for 1 hr. None of us were drunk but got kicked out for "slamming the door". 

Would I go back here again? I don't think so.
We love you Maurice!!!!!!!
Courtesy of Maurice, my friends and I were escorted here Friday night on our club hopping tour of the Mandalay. We had just come from the Mix and I have to say that this place put the Mix to shame. The crowd inside were really nice and the music and the decor were great. My most favorite bit were the private rooms found down a long hallway. One was left open and unattended so we snuck in and savored the plush couches, chairs, cushions, piped in music and a view to die for. 
I was in awe because I have never been clubbing in Vegas, and this was a great way to start off my vacation weekend, and I will be recommending it to my friends.
Daisy K will confirm, I am not one to be thrilled by a membership oriented club, however, the Foundation Room seems to set itself apart from my general disdain of places like this.  The decor is awesome, funky, ecclectic, and perfect for a higher end, rock oriented joint. The artwork is all authentic, which sent me over the edge being an art history major (leaving the art history behind shortly after college however, to make a bit more money!).  Excellent spots for private functions.  Great drinks, great service.  SPECTACULAR views of the strip from the outdoor patio.
The Foundation Room has a funky oriental decor and the ambiance is a little dark and mysterious. The view outside is breathtaking. The crowd is on the older side - I would say half of them are in their late 30's and early 40's. If you are in your early 20's this place is probably not for you. It's definitely worth checking out once in your life time - you'll have to decide yourself if you want to return.
We were there Sat evening before the Madonna concert at the MGM across the way.  Classy joint, funky, eclectic decor, very welcoming, relaxing and chic.  I felt right at home there.

The place was dead but according to the bartender, the place doesn't get going until 11p with DJ and dancing.  

Surprisingly our drinks were well priced.  We've paid a lot more for the same stuff at other bars along the strip.  

5 Stars for the view.  It is truly amazing. 
-1 Star for no "specialty drink" menu.  Although the bartender was creative with our request it would be nice to have specialties to choose from, especially since professional mixologists do an awesome job at combining unusual and unexpected flavors.

If you go, try to check out the different themed rooms for private dining, partying, etc.  What a superb gem in Vegas and exclusive too.  They only let non-members in on Mondays.  

Luckily I was able to get a temporary pass through my credit card for FREE....feeling like a big baller when I'm really not :)
Its the BEST place to act like an ass and buy drinks for C-List celebrities, NBA players and cool peeps that are stoked and wanna party after you collect your winnings from the sports book. 

So the crew bets big on Oscar to lose and wins huge when he does, and takes the $$$ to the best view probably in all of Vegas. The drinks weren't that expensive, The music was cool party music that's ignorable and danceable all at the same time. 

Best time ever on a Vegas Saturday night or it could just be the euphoria of winning talking.... nah this place is rad.
Because there is no ZERO.
What a hyped up joke and the view is terrible, JFC, The Mix is right around the corner if you want a view.
With all there is to do in FLV, going to the airport home is better than going here.
My boy D and I hit up Foundation Room after a long day of work and sightseeing.  We were just looking for a relaxed vibe and a drink or two.  

Luckily I had a connection to get us on the list, so can't really comment on cover costs.  The bouncer at the bottom of the elevators was cool to us and we got in pretty quickly.

FR was actually smaller than I thought it was going to be, but then again I think there may have been some other (private?) rooms that just weren't open the night we went.  The VIP couch areas take up a good amount of floor space in the main bar area (especially if people are dancing in the free space).  But the view is great from the balcony and the drinks aren't too expensive.

For the most part I enjoyed the crowd.  A couple of groups in the VIP couch areas who seemed to be having fun and were an attractive crowd.  A handful of cougars on the prowl, and your complement of single guys and gals with their eyes constantly scanning the crowd.

The decor is very Zen with a large Buddha guarding the entrance to the club once you step out of the elevators and some great wall decorations.  The combination of serene decorations and mellow music made for an enjoyable couple of hours.

I'd recommend people to check it out.  It's not wild and crazy like some other Vegas clubs, but that's part of the reason why I liked it.   More low key, mellow, loungey, than your typical over-the-top Vegas style club.  Most people probably wouldn't want to spend their entire night here, but it is definitely good for a couple of hours.
The ladies and I came here for some bachelorette celebrating on Saturday night at 11:30pm. A coworker of ours put us on the guest list, so not sure how hard/expensive that would have been to get in. I was a little put off at first by the crowd... wasn't expecting an older, 40ish type crowd, and the area seemed small since there were a few private tables/sections that took up half the space. The view from the balcony was amazing, but too cold for us to stay out there to hang out. Claudeen worked her charm and we were able to walk around and get a tour of the back/VIP rooms thanks also to our boy Ralph. During the tour, we proceeded to meet some friendly brothers and their friends that just wanted to dance and have fun. So of course, we obliged and had a great time... lots of hilarious pictures ensued. We also randomly met Dean Roland from Collective Soul, nice guy and his friends were funny and just enjoying themselves. Unfortunately, I'm not a social butterfly, so I couldn't keep up.

The other nice thing was that the place was carpeted, so wearing heels all night wasn't as painful with the padding. Music was okay, we usually prefer hip hop, but we had a great time either way and got to request a few songs. Most of the guys we met that night were super nice and gentlemenly. I noticed though it seemed like there were more guys than girls. And at least it didn't feel like they were staring. Luckily also, our bachelorette didn't get too weirded out with all the crazy stuff we made her do with them. =P We even had a few cuties help us pick our club for the next night too. Too bad they didn't join us, though. ;)
One of the BF's friends in Vegas was able to get us on this list for this amazing lounge. If you have the chance to hang out in the Foundation Room, go! It's an amazing experience. 

For me, the atmosphere of this place is what puts it over the top. The entire lounge has a very sophisticated Asian theme. The walls are upholstered in red and orange patches of mirrored Indian fabric. The doors are heavily carved and you'll see Buddhas here and there. The couches and chairs also provide comfortable places to hang out. The balcony offers an amazing view of the strip. 

The DJ was very good the night we were there. She played great music and kept the volume loud enough to keep the party going without making it so loud that you couldn't talk to the people around you. 

Surprisingly, the drinks are reasonably priced for a lounge like this. The bartender also remembered what all four folks in my party were drinking. I am sure she was thrilled we drank round after round between our arrival around 11:00 PM and when the joint closed down at 3:00 AM. I agree with others that it was a bit odd this place didn't have a speciality drink menu. 

Overall, this place rocks!
If you get the chance to get into the Foundation Room, go! The view is fantastic and the experience is unique. 

The first time I went here was about 5 years ago. I have gone every year since. It has changed a little over the years, but it is always a great time. The drinks are good, and surprisingly, not too expensive.  

It is fun to people watch here ... cause you can run into all kinds of characters. People watching is a sport at the Foundation Room!
Nice place to go and check out the view from the balcony at the top of Mandalay Bay.  It's right next to the Mandalay Bay sign so you're up 40 some odd stories so the view is staggering.  I always wonder why I don't come here more often since I'm a member but for some reason, there's so many different places to go in Vegas, I kind of forget about this place.  Maybe it's cuz the crowd is a bit older and it's hit or miss on whether or not it's going off or not...but for whatever reason, I should make it up here more often because whenever I take out-of-towners here, they are pretty amazed.  Btw, food in the dining room is great too.  So, if you know a member (or if you know me) coax them to get you up to this joint.  You won't regret it.
If it is supposed to be locals night on monday don't ask me for cover. Its an alright lounge but I am not paying cover for the right to purchase over priced drinks. I left they can keep their liquor on the shelves

I have been there before its a nice view but not worth the hassle.
It is fun to people watch here ...People watching is a sport at the Foundation Room! I agree. you have to be in the know. It's definitely the place where it's MEMBERS ONLY!

memberships are soo ridiculous in annual fee. That's no wonder you see 50 something men trying to act in their 20's.

Ive been here 2 times. The first in August 2008 during Magic Convention, it was a Monday night GODSPEED @ Foundation Room Mondays.... It was lame I was so hyped up and NO ACTION. 

Drinks are standard. I had a Greyhound with Kettle One and my friend had a red bull something...

The view was WOWZERS!!!!!! all I have to say. AMAZING view from top of the Mandalay Bay Hotel is magnificent. top notch at night.

The second time I was here on a Thursday night in September 2008 with a few business vendors. OVERALL it's a snazzy place to be and be seen, the decor is very pristine, manor/mansion legacy decor. The dining room is lavish 50 seat table. Dark mahogany carved wood, leading to outdoor patio balcony. Heavy draped curtains leading to many secret rooms. Lighting is dim and red... very intimate. I like the wine lockers by the main elevators, classy.

I will return if another invitation was offered. WHY NOT!? ;p
Great view of the strip from the balcony.  The environment is great.  The crowd is interesting.
We came to the Foundation Room as a part of a wedding reception. We rode the elevator up from the lobby of Mandalay Bay and it was a long ride, I knew we were going up high. The second you walk into the Foundation Room it feels like you've escaped from the crazy Las Vegas life downstairs. The lighting is dark, the walls are all upholstered with patchwork, and you're met with an enormous glowing Buddha. 

The room for the reception wasn't ready yet so we waited in the bar. The server's came around asking for drink orders and they were very nice and helpful. Shortly after we were directed to the room where the reception was. Similarly to the bar, the reception room had an amazing view of the Las Vegas strip and the mountains that lie behind. We were served light hors d'oeuvres- things such as baked brie with crusty bread, a vegetable platter, vegetarian sushi, hummus, and chocolate covered strawberries. A server walked around with bruschetta, ahi tuna, and duck skewers. All of the food was very good!
In the reception room there was a full bar and the bartendars were quite good. 
Later in the evening we ventured out into the main bar and went out onto the balcony. I wasn't wrong when I mentioned earlier that were high up. We were at the very top of Mandalay Bay looked down upon the strip. It was absolutely gorgeous and we felt completely removed from the craziness below!
I'd love to say that I will be returning here, but since it requires a membership I do not think that will be happening. If you get the chance to go, do it, it's beautiful!
My friends and I were lucky enough to get free passes to go to the Foundation Room on a Friday night. We'd gotten dressed up to go to another club, but when we stepped out of the elevator bank a promoter came up to us and handed us four passes for no cover charge. 

Although the club was a little smaller than I thought it would be, the view was fantastic and the drinks were reasonably priced for Vegas. You can see most of the way down the strip, and it wasn't too packed since it was still fairly early. Only one table was reserved, so there was plenty of seating in the main room, at the bar, and outside on the open balcony. It's not your typical nightclub, but it's definitely a great place to start your night at if you get lucky with free passes.
I was really excited when a group of friends and I were able to get on the list to get into the Foundation Room on a Saturday night.  While a couple of friends and I (both guys and girls) were waiting for the rest of our group in the Mandalay Bay casino we were given free passes for admission to the Foundation Room. I should have known there that they were desperate to get people in the door. My friends and I used the free passes to go up to the Foundation Room and wait for the rest of our party there.  

I read some reviews before going, so I expected an older, more laid back crowd which was fine by me. What I didn't expect was to see people in flip flops and jean shorts. I understand not having a strict dress code, but at least have some. Yes, the view is really nice of the strip and the decor is pretty cool inside. It is a decent place to go to have a drink, in an intimate setting. In the end, I guess I was just put off by how "exclusive" it was touted then to see a whole bunch of people there in beach wear who got free passes.
Rating 4.5 stars
I am digging this place. The night we went it was a Sunday night and the place was full but not overly so that you can't walk around the place. Lots of comfy leather chairs to lounge on, good music and a full bar that won't keep you waiting. The inside has dark and rich tones, lots of framed art- from the odd to the strange, decorated ceilings and lots of things that catch your attention. I like that they have some private rooms that is ornately decorated- seems to be a harem styled room-swags of cloth, rich decoration and lots of gold and reds. That night they had a burlesque performer...very fitting for this place. 

The main attraction here is the view and the lights of Sin City. The view is spectacular...amazing. I heard the Foundation Room seems to be members only but once in a while, they do open this place to the public. If you can, go...it is nice change from the big clubs on the strip and the views will have you appreciating vegas a lil bit more.
The Foundation Room Restaurant is for members only on most nights, however, the food, service and views is worth every penny.
Truly, this place holds one of the very best views in all of Las Vegas.  The Foundation Room is highly recommended.
Having friends in high places pays off when you're in Vegas and ones that have a membership at HOB's Foundation Room at Mandalay Bay are the best kind of friends in high places to have!

The view can't be beat! Check out the entire strip in all it's neon glow from the super comfortable patio. 

The drinks are just what you would expect from a place that is membership only -- strong and tasty.

The service is top notch. Lots of smiles and what can I do for you tonight.
What a view from the patio! That's what makes the $10 drinks tolerable. 
A little weird dancing on carpet with heels on... but it works. The decor is so cool and eclectic. Tons to look at. 
Great music playing and videos above the bar. I was having 90s flashbacks.
Did you notice to private lockers for celebrities near the elevators. Very cool.
The 1-star should actually read "negative ten."

Run by scam artists. To make a long story short, I ordered bottle service, they charged me several times the price listed on the menu claiming I ordered from the "dinner service menu" versus the "bottle service menu." Never mind that this was what they handed me and what I pointed to. Managers were rude, unapologetic, and if it wasn't for the kick-ass cocktail waitress, I wouldn't be sad if the entire place burned to the ground with everyone in it.

Also this is allegedly an exclusive members-only club. This turns out to be a loose guideline as the slimy bouncers were trying to wave any skirt passing by through the doors. By the time we left the place was a douche factory. 

DOUCHEBAGS. GO TO HELL.
If you want to unwind after gambling all day or walking the strip. This is the place to do it. It has secluded seating, a giant fireplace, the best view of the strip (from the top of Mandalay Bay), and some of the best food in town.

There staff is very friendly and helpful and the mood of the whole place really helps you to relax and get away from all the noise and chaos of the strip and casinos.

Whether your up here to just hang out in the lounge or for a full meal, you won't be disappointed. The only thing you need to be aware of is that it's not open to just anyone. You have to be on the guest list to be granted access to the private elevator. If your a VIP of the hotel though it's usually not an issue to get in.
Since we were at the Mandalay Bay, we decided to check out the Foundation Room.  Lucky for us, there wasn't a line and we didn't have to pay a cover. We take an elevator to the 22nd floor and there was a cool loungey area with fireplaces and couches.  They played top forty and some old school....like I Wanna Sex You Up and Poison....Too bad I had my heels otherwise I would've battled some of the youngin's with some old school dance moves :)  The best part was the outdoor area where the view of the strip is awesome.  Bascially, you are at the top of the building near the Mandalay Bay sign.  Awesome!  The crowd was mixed, not too young or too old.  It was crowded, but not too packed, I was able to get a stool near the bar and chill for awhile. I wasn't expecting this place to be so cool.  I really liked it.
We were staying at THEhotel and got on the guest list on Friday to the Foundation Room when we checked in.  In hindsight, it was one of the best places we have visited during this weekend visit: no cover, no grease or table service needed, crowd and music were good, and drinks weren't overpriced.  The view of the strip from 20+ floor was nice (but soon got beat by the view from Mix, also in Mandalay Bay but on the 60+ floor).  They also have a few dancers to keep the scene warm and the guys happy.
The Foundation Room is a sort of hidden treasure. The entrance is very small and there is an elevator that takes you to the top of Mandalay Bay which literally took a minute to reach.

Walking into Foundation, it was almost reminiscent of Disneyland's haunted mansion with a hint of elegance and class. It has 2 separate rooms, one with a bar and more of a bigger lounge area and another private room, while the other had more of a living room feel to it. There was even a fireplace. The furniture is very regal and lush and there are candles lit to complete the serene ambiance. The dj that night played good music pleasing to the ears and soul. It was nice not to hear the usual "to the window, to the wall!" type of music. 

The best part was the amazing view. The balcony overlooks the entire strip so get those cameras ready if you love taking skyline view pictures! The balcony also has couches and standing tables to bask in all it's glory. 

This is a good place to check out, if you like the social, let's talk and have drinks kind of scene. I went for a Project party, so my friends and I got in free. I read that this place is very exclusive and "very VIP" which in Vegas means you need connections to get in. I've also read that the cover charge is $30, so if you want to shell out money and have a classy time, I suggest you check this place out.
Great place, with a great view, and quite possibly one of my new favorite places.

I visited this place a while back and never wrote a review for it, but since I just visited this place last weekend I thought I'd write a review(this time).

My friends and I were at the Nightclub and Bar Convention and one of the perks for badgeholders of the convention was a club pass for various clubs across town, which included the Foundation Room.

Upon entering the place, we went up and started drinking, and having a good time.  Took a bunch of good pictures in the balcony area.  I can't say how much the drinks costs, because I can't really remember how much it was or if it was free.  

It's a great place to take friends to hangout, have some drinks and have a good time!!!!!!
In the end it was a food i
Recently went here the other night after dinner at RM. Overall, its more lounge then night club which was exactly what I was looking for. There are multiple rooms that are great if you get bottle service and have a large party. Also, no one has a comparable view down the strip from their open air veranda. 

If you have the chance, definitely stop by, get dressed up and check this place out.
So the view here is just WOW.  Totally the best part of the club.

I came here on business w/ a bunch of clients who took us out for the night.  We had a private room reserved and all the alcohol we wanted to drink.  The best part was passing up the line and having to wait about 0.5 seconds to get in.  I also LOVED how they let my co-worker in who had a pair of Chuck Taylors on.  And you know how Vegas clubs are..... no nice shoes = no entry.

Drinks were good since we had table service, so no complaints from me.  The decor was one of a kind.  I've never been to a club before that looked like this.  I kinda felt like I was in some kind of palace, and for a second failed to realize that we were in a club, lol.  The DJ was spinning some good danceable songs, but kinda switched it up too quick.  I saw some cuties here and there, and loved how some people danced even though there wasn't really a dance floor.  It never got too crowded and people were genuinely nice the entire night.  And oh, our waitress was mad foine and said she'd drink w/ me but never did.  Her loss.  LOL

Overall one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  I'm glad I came here and would definitely come back another day.
This review is only for the lounge.

Cool and hip decore, decent music, and without a doubt the best view in Vegas! The prices of drinks are expensive, but you are paying for the view and atmosphere. Not a place I would stay all night, but definitely a must do for Vegas.
Last night 5/30/10 was our second time having dinner at the HOB Foundation Room. Both times we got the special. Last night it was extra special. We both had the "Napa Valley Weekend" a 4 course dinner with wine pairing.

Course 1: Braised Pork Belly with a fennel crust, sweet and spicy turnips paired with Chateau St. Michelle

Course 2: Pan Roasted Langoustine with zucchini and wild mushroom paired with Far Niente Chardonnay.

Course 3: Kobe NY Strip steak with summer artichoke and roasted fingerling potatoes, paired with Frank Family Cabernet Sauvignon

Course 4: Hot fudge cake with key lime sorbet. and paired with Far Niente, Dolce

The only complaint is the last wine pairing. It was way to sweet with the fudge cake. I would suggest maybe a special coffee or choc martini possibly.

The wait staff was excellent. Looch and Ryan

The view is beyond belief from the 42th floor of mandalay bay Hotel
Just came for some late night fun a while back.  I had a connection that was able to get me and and a big group of people in for some drinks.  There isn't anything too crazy special about this place that you can't get at another roof top bar.  Has a nice view and upscale decor.  It's supposed to be exclusive, but I don't think it's too hard to get in.  There really isn't a strict dress code.  There were some girls in jeans and long sleeve shirts in there.
So the place wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular. The view was awesome, the lay out was awesome, but the people were mediocre. The staff was super, super nice. But there was nothing going on other than 5 groups of girls doing their own personal photo shoot/ top model rehersal. There also wasn't any music going on in the 2nd half of the outdoor patio. Needless to say, even at midnight, we left because things were just too...too...too meh. Maybe it was the night, but still. What the hell?
Without a doubt The Foundation Room has the most spectacular view of the strip.  I haven't had the opportunity to have dinner there but certainly is a great place to hang out and have drinks.  The weekends are crazy with warriors but during the week is chill and definitely is more "grown up" then some of the other establishments in Vegas.  If you're in the industry, Monday nights are the nights to go.
One star is too much, LA & NYC do it better. sky lounge does it better, arrived and got a drink...second drink the bar tender tells me no glasses are left,,drink out of  plastic for eighteen bucks- vodka and soda, plus asked for drinks list,told NO, Pina Colada No! beach drink, horrible experience all round, no tip for arrogant BALD bar tender 2nd drink completeley and utterly ignored me....so left..asked for manager EVAN HUNT...who didn't give an s and  i left, DO NOT GO TO THIS TACKY BAR WITH PLASTIC GLASSES FOR 18 BUCKS and THINKS ITS NORMAL
100% Ambiance. Decadent Asian Decor. Location. Exclusive. Visiting- priceless. I came here twice.

The best view of the Strip. You know those letters "Mandalay Bay" on the casino, that's where the Foundation Room is! 

Imagine rich tapestries on the wall featuring elephants (think of India, Bali, Indonesia, Singapore), huge Buddhas, rich dark mahogany wood, custom crafted furniture, plush fabrics, a few private rooms for entertaining, a DJ spinning, pricey drinks ($10- $15 ea.), and a gorgeous view of the Strip (yes, you can go outside, on the balcony). It's a very unique experience and everything is so beautiful. We just went came here for drinks and ambiance.
Went up there in the evening one night for drinks only... The view is amazing but after that nothing too great about it.  Very comparable to Ghost Bar.
good music, not super smokey, best view in the entire city
Really, I give it about 3.5 stars.  The view is excellent, and as a Chicago based visitor I didn't think the drinks were all that expensive.  If you're that worried about what you pay for a drink then keep playing your 5 cents per hand video poker and let the casino drink girls bring your beverages for tips. 

The view is great! Because Mandalay is at the far end of the strip, you get a full view of the casinos and lights, including the airport. (If you feel daring, you could always try and claim one of the private jets is yours in a pickup line).  All in all, the place is a more private area.  Yes, on Monday nights the public can get access but otherwise it is for members only.

If you have the opportunity to go, it's worth the trip and the price of a few cocktails. Just don't show up in shorts and tennis shoes or they won't let you in.
It's the Vegas strip.  It's not cheap, so don't expect it to be.  The Foundation Room has become my new favorite weekend dance club.  Despite $5 waters and $9 "cheap" beers, the music makes it worth it.  Admission is expensive, and unless you're either a) female - and can get $10 passes wandering through Mandalay Bay, or b) willing to grease the hand of the doorman (then he may give you his card and you can get this $10 priority admission for your local crew), you'll likely be asked for $30 at the door.

As a "local lady" in this town I can generally get into most clubs for free, but it's worth it to me to pay the $10 and go to the Foundation Room for our girls nights out.   The most compelling reason is THE MUSIC.  The DJ generally plays a great mix of hip hop, dance, and rock music from the 80's through today.  The variation is welcome compared to most clubs only playing the most contemporary music (regardless of the quality).  Second, the volume of the music keeps bringing us back!  You can actually hear each other talk in this club!  There's no doubt the volume is loud enough to get lost in if you wish, but even inside you can still understand what people are saying to you and ask your friends what they'd like to drink and hear the responses.  Plus, if you want a break from the boom-boom, just step outside on the balcony.  That brings us to the third plus, the balcony!  A smashing view of the Las Vegas Strip from the southern tip looking north.  If you're lucky enough to be there on a stormy summer night I highly recommend watching the lightening float across the clouds and crash on the surrounding Vegas mountains.

Of course there are drawbacks.  Drinks are expensive, and if you're not a rich looking guy the female bartenders will mostly ignore you.  The crowd seems to vary from spry young things to middle age male gawkers.  But, it's Vegas, what do you expect?  I've never found a lack of interesting people to talk to, and I welcome that I can actually hear what they're saying while booty-shakin' to some hip-hop that brings back college memories.
Loved this place the moment we stepped foot inside of the elevator to get to the top.  Seven of us girls were in search of a great time and we found it here at the Foundation Room!  Advertised as exclusive and VIP, I thought to myself that surely they were trying to front like other Vegas clubs.  I drank my words as we were offered free champagne and cocktails while dancing to some hot beats!

FR offers 3 rooms with spacious dance floors and a patio that is perfect for their gorgeous panoramic view of the Vegas strip.  I admit that their dance floors are pretty small, but after several drinks you won't even notice the cramped space that has you dancing right up on another person :).  The aforementioned patio was a perfect place to get fresh air and if you can handle folks smoking in your "fresh" air (which was a bit of a turnoff but whatever), you get a chance to take in all of the magical spark that makes the Vegas strip what it is.

We ended our night here and wished that we started it off at this spot.  Great people, great atmosphere, and I would definitely party it up here again.
Great view, good tunes, would be a great place if the bouncers weren't such assholes and super rude. Paid for bottle service (which isn't cheap). The least you would THINK you would get is common decency. Wouldn't go back based on the crappy treatment and utter lack of respect demonstrated by the 'bouncers'. Click
By far best rooftop bar view straight down the strip. A little tight quarters and pretty loud inside, and VERY expensive drinks...but you knew that going in.
Located on the top of Mandalay Bay, Foundation Room has an awesome view. It's kind of like the Mix Club that's located on top of The Hotel, but has a Buddha theme going on. 

I went here for my cousins after party and thought it was cool, it wasn't crowded. But around 11:30, there were a lot of people. I only noticed two rooms which were not that big. The main room and the room that is located near the hallway.
View is amazing!

Awesome layout and decor!

Stong Drinks...

But the DJ needs to get it together...

Credit for doing the video mixing, but music was just all over the place. Couldn't get into the groove... 

Please fix as I enjoyed this place otherwise...
This is my favorite view of the Vegas strip. You are at the top of Mandalay Bay looking out at the entire strip. My cousins took me here for my birthday and I thought...how do they get into these places? It's VIP Exclusive only. I can probably never go back without them but what an amazing experience! Beautiful views. Complimentary drinks. Asian decor with a Buddha theme. Music wasn't something I could dance to...but then again, I can't dance so I can't knock down a star for that one. 5 stars for a unique Vegas experience!
One word...AMAZING. I went with my boyfriend and our friends. We had a connection. We got to skip the line and go up the amazing elevator. We got to see the lockers that exclusive members (Justin Timberlake, Jay Z, ect) keep their booze in. We also got bottle service which was totally worth it. We got sat in one of the lounge rooms. We were pleased with the incredibly comfortable couches. The waitress was so nice and amazing. The female restroom attendant was also very nice. 

When I walked onto the balcony my jaw dropped. Words cannot describe the view.

Being from Colorado, this was my first "exclusive" nightclub I had ever been too. Because of our connection we got a very good deal including free bottle service. It would be very pricey to go to if you did not have a discount. Drinks are VERY expensive. The view alone is worth the money!
Best view of the strip. Coolest little new mega casino bar around. Great big drinks and hotties all over. 

Somehow here I don't feel sleazy talkin' to cougars from Wisconsin. It feels oh so right.
Maybe I was spoiled by Tryst the night before or maybe it just wasn't my type of club, but the only good thing about this club is the view of the strip. Lots of old school hip hop which i normally like to dance to, but the setup of the club/lounge wasn't what i expected. They have lots of empty couches that nobody can sit on bc it's RESERVED. Didn't like the carpeted dingy floors. One dance floor playing house and the hip hop was all over the place near the bar. Dancing was difficult with ppl bumping in to you trying to get over to the bar or the patio. Come for the view, leave for a better club.
Went here for my mom's 50th b-day. We were joined by a total of 15 other people who are family. Let's just say that there were many complaints on the amount of food given for the price we paid. Not a great place for a large crowd but very doable for a couple's date. Also, the service was not great being that it is a 5 star restaurant. I guess you could say that I simply expected more for the price we paid. I honestly could have gotten a better steak @ Outback for 1/2 the price and larger quantity. 

I'm giving it 3 stars for it's great decor and ambiance (TAO-like w/ Asian inspired decor & dim lighting).

A FANTASTIC VIEW OF THE STRIP!!!
If you are a guy, this place is amazing. There are two girls that dance the whole time in almost nothing and they have bodies that would make playboy models jealous! Drinks are average $10 but what can u expect for a place u need to know the right person to get into! The outdoor patio is awesome and offers a great view of vegas.
I went to the Foundation Room for a wedding reception this past summer and was blown away.  It was a destination wedding and was a smaller crowd of about 40 or so and we had a private area reserved on one side of the balcony.

There was a separate bartender for guests, as well as a DJ spinning for us.  The security was polite but firm with those who tried to wander over to our area.

The inside of the restaurant is richly decorated with an Asian vibe and is beautiful.

The outside balcony needs no decoration because it towers over the strip and provides you with the most magnificent view in all of Vegas.  Seriously, it's amazing.

The restaurant also provided buffet style dinner for all the guests and the manager came out on more than one occasion to make sure that everything was going well.

We had been to the Cat House at the Luxor the night before for a welcome party and I know that the bride had a really bad experience with the management there, so she was extra appreciative of the attentiveness of the staff at the Foundation Room.

I can't speak for the prices of the drinks, since it was open bar for us.  However, if you're looking for cheap drinks, you're better off sticking to a college town than coming to Vegas.  Everything is expensive!

I enjoyed the exclusivity of having our own space at such a fabulous place in Vegas and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to have a classy wedding in Vegas, or an upscale bachelor/bachelorette party with a bunch of friends.

I added some pictures on here, but you're dying to see more, you can do so here: http://bit.ly/chhqTs
This is one of the bright spots of my recent trip to Las Vegas.  Hidden well inside Mandalay Bay, this place is definitely a cool kick-it spot with a fantastic view.  

We went there on a Thursday night and got great table service for our party.  Our lovely waitress was always around making sure our drinks are filled to the top and she is definitely a sight for sore eyes!  There were a few go-go dancers working their magic around the main room and they too are easy on the eyes.  Love the vibe...definitely very laid back.  Definitely tipped my cap off to the DJ playing his set.  The music selection was awesome!  Mix of current hip-hop and stuff from the 80's and 90's.  Wow...it was like going down memory lane when Easy E, Dr. Dre and Ice Cube came blaring through the speakers.

Now comes the kicker.....the magnificent view from their outside balcony.  All I can say is....it's breathtaking and it's a great perspective of how life should be!  Have fun....keep your head up...and keep your friends around you close.
No you don't have to be a member (you just don't have to wait in as big of a line if you are). Restaurant by day and mini club by night. Its in a cool location at the top of Mandalay and the views are great. Same as every other high end lounge in Vegas, the sky is the limit on what you can spend here and the dancing and place does not even think about getting going tell 12ish. The few times I have been here I have never seen a decent bartender, they hire for looks not talent or serving speed, basically service sucks and nothing with kill you buzz as fast as having to wait 10 minutes for a drink.
I was only in this place for about 2 minutes. I went on the patio, I believe this place has the best view of the strip in Vegas. Outside of that the place was extremely small. I thought we were in someone's living room. I can't even remember what kind of music they were playing.
Ok. To whoever said it has the best view, this is false. The patio at this club/bar is tiny and the view is not as good as at MIX, which is in the same hotel. However, one evening MIX was closed and they sent us to foundation room. They charged a cover for the guys (originally $30 but we negotiated down to $10) and chicks were free. Once we were upstairs we entered what looked like the haunted hotel. It was very dark, rock and roll, with a bit of an osbournes feel. It smelled like incense. Inside the bar there's about 4 sections with couches and chairs which you can reserve, and there are two private rooms as well, away from the bar and the music. The bar and dancefloor are a bit small but the music was fantastic. On a Monday night, we had a crowd in there that was unreal. By midnight it was so packed you could barely get across the room. Very happening place. We had a blast and I'd definitely come back. On a quiet night I imagine it would still be a great little spot for a drink.
Located at the top of the Mandalay Bay, it is a small, intimate and beautiful venue.  Entry into this place was a courtesy for staying in one of their suites.  The only thing that detracted from the experience were the douchebag little boys at the door.   The music was great, not too packed, great service, beautiful surroundings...all make for a fine evening.
I can't tell if this is the restaurant or the bar that I'm reviewing. I can't find anything but this, but it seems like most reviews are for the club/bar. Whatever. 

I was kind of drawn to this place due to the reputation it has for the view - but I think I missed the view. From the Restaurant itself, it's not really that fantastic. I had to have been in the wrong spot. It was nice, don't get me wrong, but not breathtaking. And, I do want to mention the incense smell when you step off the elevator...it reeks. To me, all incense reminds me of urinal cakes. Don't ask me why, don't try to rationalize it...but it does. And that's not what I want to smell whilst eating. 

To the food - I started with a Caesar salad, which was fine. Pretty normal - a thinner than expected dressing, good greens, good cheese...oh, and what made it worthwhile? A giant cracker made entirely of baked cheese. Amazing. Worth ordering just for that. 

My entree was a New York Strip, supposedly dry aged even though the menu didn't note this (and I would think would do so if it were true, as that's a selling point). The steak was well cooked, nice grill crust, nice and juicy. A little tooth, but nothing out of the ordinary. Honestly, my first and last bites were best, as those delicious end pieces have more of the salty peppery grill crust. So maybe they could amp that up a little bit. Along with it came some nice kale and a white cheddar au gratin, and the steak was topped with some coarse mustard ale butter. That butter was a really nice surprise, and I think it probably made the meal. The tangy mustard wasn't harsh, but was a great accompaniment for the savory au gratin, the slightly bitter kale, and the salty steak. Cut through what might have been a kind of uniform tasting meal. I've not seen mustard like that used as a sauce on a steak, but I applaud it. Without the sauce, this is probably a 3, but with, I think it's a 4. I didn't leave any behind. 

Service was good, not rushed (even though dining alone, I'd almost prefer to be rushed out of the place - what else do I do while I'm waiting for the next course or the check?). They do offer your choice of white or black napkins, which is a nice touch. And the price was reasonable for a good steak, especially when it comes with a few little sides rather than just being meat on a plate. Definitely worth a visit.
First off, understand that when I go out I want to dance not just "chill" or "hang" or whatever... so knowing that, read the rest

I feel like the foundation room is filled with people who couldn't get into Ghostbar.

The view is rad, and we got there around midnight with no line whatsoever.

I enjoyed sitting on the patio, people watching, but kinda wanted to move on to the next club, which was PURE... and was filled with dancing people.  

Three stars for strong drinks and a good view, and three stars for lack of fun things to do besides make fun of d-bags hanging out looking for trainwrecks.
Go for the view. That's about it. I'm not into clubs but I can deal with lounges (I'm too old for either of those scenes, really). But, I could see this being a decent place to hang if you're with a good group. The balcony area is decent but can get crowded quickly and there are only a few places to sit. Inside you can sit if you want bottle service. They've also got a few rooms that were roped off... I guess for bottle service also. The bartenders were quick and friendly and there were some decent go-go dancers. The crowd was a bit older -- upper 30's and up. If you really want to head up to the 60-whatever floor to see the view, go ahead. Take a pic, admire the strip, get a few drinks, hang for a bit, and head somewhere else.
First and foremost let me say that the Mandalay Bay hotel is AMAZING and their guest services were fantastic, beautiful hotel and I would definitely stay there again. On the other hand, I didn't have the greatest experience when i came to their 'night life' 

Two of my girlfriends and I were making our way through the Casino to get to the tram because we had a couple places to go meet some people at over in NY NY. A man approached us with those free admission cards to get into the Foundation room. We for sure wanted to check it out, so we told him we would come back later because we needed to go somewhere else first. He was super nice and said he'd be there the rest of the night and to come find him when we want to get in. So.. we did, we left ROK over at the New York, which was pretty fun - and made our way back to Mandalay. Found the guy and he walked us to the door man and said 'have fun!' well, the door man - his name is Demitri, didn't even look up to smile he just asked for our ID's and 10$ ... it was about 12:30am by this time. I'm not a pre madonna but i'm also not going to pay 10$ at midnight when i left the club i was at before where i got in free. You ladies know how great it is in Vegas cause everywhere is free.. so we went back to find our guy and he walked us up to the door assuring Demitri it was OK that we get in for free. Demitri went off - telling us that no one is getting commission for the 3 of us to get in, and throwing it in our faces making it seem like we're robbing this guys job. I looked at the other guy who had been helping us and he was SO nice and again, assured Demitri it was OK for us to get in and he didn't care. I wish i could have gotten the nice guys name, but i was sure to get Demitri's on my way out because that is no way to treat people, especially ones who are paying a lot of money to stay at their hotel AND on alcohol once we got up there. 

Fortunately the view was worth the harassment but i can't say i'll ever recommend someone to go there unless they want the door man to put up a fight with them or pay to get in when you can get in for free pretty much anywhere else!
Why was i excited to go to the foundation room? 1) used to be members only- maybe the once "exclusiveness" sounded intriguing (maybe this should have been a warning flag) 2) LOVE the view at Mix and thought this might be another great one 3) received wrist bands from a guy at Mandalay Bay that gave Ladies hosted bar from 10pm-12am and were told ladies were free and guys were "reduced" admission for a steal at $20. 

It was only 9:30 so the husband and I walked around and dropped some cash in the casino. We made our way over to the entrance around 10:30- no line, just a few guys that worked there. We walked up to the dude working there and I inquired about the hosted bar. He says "we aren't doing that". So I ask why they would give me a wristband that clearly says Ladies hosted bar from 10pm-12am and he repeats "we aren't doing that". So I ask if we can just both get in for free since this is clearly a bait and switch situation. He looks at me like he does not know what that phrase means. The husband says something "polite" and we leave. 

Bottom line- I am rating the door experience only since I refused to pay for a hustle like that and you can get a great view and great service at Mix. You can also get a great view of the strip from the Voodoo Lounge. There are way too many great places and views in Vegas to deal with crap like that.  I love many of the restaurants and bars at Mandalay but this one sorely misses the mark. We will be dropping our alcohol money elsewhere!
This club/bar was on the club tour that we were on. It was actually the last place of the night.I didn't know much about it, so when I got to the place, I wasn't aware that it was on the top floor. The night I went, the music was definitely on point and like everyone touched on, the view of the Las Vegas strip was pretty amazing. Me and the people that I was with just chilled on the outside area with the couches for the night and just danced to pretty good music. Would definitely go back again
The Foundation Room is a "VIP" Club at the top of Mandalay Bay. As you might imagine, it is pricy, but the food is not up to par with the cost. 

Our party shared two appetizers - a flatbread pizza w/ shrimp and Kobe Beef Carpaccio. The pizza was decent, but tasted strangely of peanuts, and the Carpaccio was good, but I expect a bit more flavor from this type of ingredient. 

My entree was the Horseradish-Encrusted Beef Tenderloin. I was not impressed, especially considering the steakhouse prices. The steak was cooked past medium and it was not juicy. The taste was good, but the horseradish crust was a little hard to eat, as it flaked off instead of being truly a part of the steak. 

The Parsnip Purée was good, tasting mild like mashed potatoes, but it did have a baby food texture to it. There was only a small amount in the container. Three asparagus was an oddly small side dish as well. 

As for the venue, the service was very good and the entire place smelled of Heavy incense. 

I just want more flavor and satisfaction from a meal at that price.
Awesome place!  Loved the view outside -- you get an awesome view of the strip!
This place was awful!   Ordered médium rare rack of lamb and it wa well
Done, and awful quality so we Ordered Rib eye to replace  it and it was even worse!!  The meat was frozen, and mashed potAtoes were instant, and we still paid $55 for the rib eye!!!  Do not waste your money!!!!
Top of the hotel? Exclusive? Great view? Let me in, already!

The elevator to the Foundation Room is closed off and you need a reservation or else they won't let you in. Rode up to the top uninterrupted and was ready to chow down right away.

After getting out of the elevator, I couldn't help but gag at the decor in this place. It screams old boys club (which is what it was originally). However, for the amount of hype this place builds, I was hoping for such much more! Not some tacky, gaudy restaurant. 

And I have a pretty sensitive nose, so maybe it's just me but the place has a very distinct scent to it... which I'm not sure I was loving.

We're seated right away -- mostly because the entire place was dead with the exception of one other party. Servers were prompt and helpful with our every need. Then again, for the price I was about to pay for dinner... I expected no less.

I ordered the baked scallops while my boyfriend ordered a new york strip steak. We both decided to share the yukon mashed potatoes. 

I'm salivating at the thought of the juicy baked scallops and can't wait for them to come. I'm expecting something savory and delicious. I wanted something that would stamp out my hunger and leave me satisfied.

When they came, I was obviously excited.

HOLY SALT! I nearly spit my first bite of the scallop out of my mouth. I couldn't believe how salty it was. YUCK.

Boyfriend's steak looks delicious. I wish I had ordered it. He obviously chows down with no issues.

Our yukon mashed turned into another salty side platter of herb baked potatoes. Not sure how yukon mash turns into baked potatos, but okay. They were salty as hell.

All in all, food was NOT worth it. 

The view? FABULOUS. 

Overall, never going again. You can get much better meals and experiences at other Vegas restaurants.
Well, I can't comment on the food, as I only went for a late-evening round of drinks (which I think turned into 5 or 6 rounds...).  

The place is definitely cozy and welcoming, and while I'm not sure of the guestlist situation, the fellow at the elevator just nodded at us as our group announced itself and ushered us right in.  

As it was the middle of the week, the place was pretty calm and not overrun by pretentious twits, which was just perfect by us.  Good drinks with an excellent selection, and a bartender that also sold us cigarettes and cigars made it very difficult to want to leave.

From the Buddha at the top of the elevator to the Strip in all of its (lurid?) glory, the views here are worth the trip.
Huge portions. Great food. Reservations recommended. Beautiful strip views. A must do since its now open to the public.

To save money on this one, visit restaurant.com sign up for their emails, watch for the 80% off sale. Then you can pick up a $50 voucher for $4.00 must spend over $100 but not hard to do. Our total was $135 - $50 = $85 plus tip! 

Another trick if you want to party here, grab dinner before hand with reservations and then stay the rest of the night in the lounge.
This is the private club inside House of Blues at Mandalay Bay.  The décor and ambiance in this restaurant are top notch.  When you add in the view from the balcony, this is the most visually spectacular restaurant in Las Vegas...nothing else even close.  The service is also outstanding and if you are an actually member of this private club (I was a guest), prepare to receive very personalized service.    You will feel like a rock star whether you're eating, drinking or just smoking a cigar (yes, they sell them to smoke on the outdoor balcony) at this awesome restaurant.  The food is also really good, but not as "stand out" as the ambiance and service.  It is an expensive place, but if you're a member, you'll receive a 20% discount...but it's still expensive.  I had the lamb shank which was delivered without any room for improvement.  Our table also had sides of creamy spinach, macaroni and cheese, and risotto.  All the sides were delicious.  My wife had the pork chop, which she thought was a little dry and over cooked, but still flavorful.  The members we went had the pork chop (which he also thought was dry, but flavorful) and the horseradish crusted tenderloin (which she thought was slightly overcooked).  Overall, the food was really good, but there is room for improvement.  Food-4 stars, Ambiance-5+ stars, Value-4 stars, Service-5+.  I know my average is not really 5 stars, but I'm giving the Foundation Room 5 stars because the ambiance, patio view and service were unsurpassed.
How is it  I have not reviewed this place? I have been here a few times now and each time is pretty awesome. Last night did not disappoint. I was there for something the Weekly was doing and it was free appetizers and drinks. Love that so much!!
The drinks were being poured hella strong. I almost could not choke down mine it was so loaded!
This is by far one of my favorite night spots on the strip. It is not that loud & they dont play a bunch of horrible hip hop. I guess I am getting older and enjoy a more mild club when I go out.
Its so nice to hang out on the balcony and check out Vegas in all its glittery perfection.
Oooh, it's so exclusive.  Ooh, it's so expensive.  NOT!  

Went there last weekend with my best friend and guess what, it was neither hard to get a reservation nor was it that incredibly expensive.  I was in the room all day in the morning for the shooting of a show, and this guy there kept telling us how exclusive this place was, members only, and pointing out that celebrities have their own cubby by the entrance with the the type of alcohol they like to drink.  I called, made reservations, I was exclusive too.

When I called I did get asked if I was a member, I said no.  The girl asked "how did you hear about us?" and I said someone told me about it.  That was it.  

They do have a dress code for dinner, no tennis shoes, no hats.  Business casual they called it.  However, you can wear jeans.  At the bottom, there were like 3 bouncers, all who melted into puppies when I told them I had a reservation.

The service was GREAT, and they appreciated a little humor.  The food was fantastic.  I had some sort of seafood dish which was spectacular.  My friend ordered the lamb, which she couldn't finish, so we took a medallion home.  I ate it cold hours later, and it was still fantastic!

The views are, of course, spectacular.  You can see the entire strip.  However, I was taking pics with the Canon EOS 7D and one of the bouncer guys said "I'm sorry, you can't use that camera up here, it's too powerful".  Uh...what?  No clue what that was about, but apparently you should just bring one of those little point and shoot cameras that every drunk girl in Vegas has.

Come before sunset, watch the city glimmer at night, then stay for a drink in their uber sexy chic trendy lounges, which I didn't have time to do.

Would love to do it again.
I've been to Foundation Room at least 10 times but I had to write a review for Temple Saturdays hosted by Nightlife Guru.  I actually had the pleasure of being a guest DJ in the Temple of Boom room.  So awesome to see a classy joint like Foundation Room support local Electronic Dance Music.

All the previous times I had been to Foundation Room I only knew of one DJ area which is the main area by the bar.  There you typically will hear Top 40 Club music which is perfect for the tourist crowd.  Just outside the main area there is a killer patio that has an amazing view of the Strip from high above the Mandalay Bay.  There is seating out there with bottle service available and it's a great spot to either grab a smoke or have a conversation without having to raise your voice.

But lets face it, I'm loving Temple Saturdays because of the Untz Untz Untz beats they bring.  There is an additional patio area that features some great House Music.  Pat Schoolastra is the resident out there and the man behind Nightlife Guru.  He has been in the game for a long time and knows his House music.  This is real House Music folks which you rarely get to see in a club on the Strip.

The Temple of Boom is the room I was able to guest DJ in and I was stoked to see this room being put to good use.  The music you find in this room is the cutting edge sounds of Electro and Dubstep.  I even had the pleasure of seeing Teenwolf Remix drop some Moombahton here which is the latest EDM genre to hit the scene.  Vegas is becoming the EDM capital of North America and it is nice to see Foundation Room embracing the local talent.

Few other things worth mentioning are all 3 areas have their own bar with reasonably priced drinks.  Also it is smooth entry as long as you're not wearing shorts, flip-flops, baseball caps, or sports attire.  Big props to Nightlife Guru for Temple Saturdays and much love to Foundation Room for giving them a shot.
We got free entry into this place and decided to have our pre-dinner drink here, since we were staying at Mandalay Bay anyway. It was a little early in the evening and the place was dead. We were supposed to get a free drink, but the bartender said that there was something wrong with the little cards we'd been given. When we saw the view from the balcony we decided to get a drink anyway. The view is spectacular. You can see the entire strip and a beautiful mountain-scape. It was totally worth the $7 I paid for a Coors Light. 

I would check this place out if you're nearby and don't have to pay cover, but I wouldn't make a special trip or pay to get in.
Had a really great time here with my friends who are members. Super exclusive and posh, really beautiful. Had some drinks and enjoyed the amazing view before, during and after the sunset.

Had dinner here in between. We split a wonderful bottle of red wine and had a cheese board to start. SO delicious and interesting. Probably not worth the price, but really really good (especially if you have some extra money from your winnings!) I had the filet, it was O.K. not the best I've ever had and probably a little overpriced. We shared some mac and cheese, which was super heavy on the truffle. When it comes to truffle oil, more is not always better.

Anyway, it was a nice meal and a good time. We had fun and the view is gorgeous. I'd go for drinks, but I think there are better places (for the same, if not cheaper) for the amount of money you're spending.
I used to be a member, and I think it's seen it's better days. It's not very exclusive when they hand out passes to everyone who walks into the casino. Now, it just seems old and a bit beat up. It used to be the place I wanted to go. Now, it's just the place I go if (insert club here) is too crowded. As for the food, it's Vegas. You can do better (and pay less). It still is probably the best view in Vegas, and if you can afford the New Years Eve party, it's unforgettable. It was great when you could watch the HOB shows live in the media room.

Go for drinks on the patio, but not for any other reason.
Dimitri is the best Host! Love this place. Gorgeous view, great drinks and bomb music!
Foundation Room has always been one of my favorite haunts in Vegas.  The scene up there on Friday and Saturday nights is great.  They play a great mix of oldies, mixed in with the new hip music.  The food is also great.  Love the flat bread.
When baiting clients, no trick is too low.

At the door I asked the bouncer if there was any people up there. He said it was but it would cost me $20. Seeing no line whatsoever I was hesitant but went along. When I got up the place was dead, 10 min later they close down because it's so slow.

I'll admit that the decor and view is good but a club that hustles clients can never get more than a 1*.
As far as Church Dubstep is concerned I am a HUGE fan of this place. It's like you're literally partying at church. Of the two rooms, this place has vintage carpeting, gothic church furnishings, and a Victorian styled ceiling with an awesome chandelier hanging from the center of it. They had a platform changed different shades of neon color while a dreadlocked go-go dancer moved to the rhythms of the music. 
This place was hard to find. My friend & I hard to ask 3 Mandalay employees before we found the small hallway where the the entrance (elevator) was. As for the other room, I passed it for a second but it looked like it was themed after a Buddhist temple.
Cozy, swanky, and earthy is the best way I could sum up this place. We went here last night after watching the Barrett-Jackson auction for a couple of hours.  We had dinner reservations at another hotel, so couldn't spend too much time, but for the time we were there, we absolutely loved it. 

We were there very early about 7:30, the sun had set and the view was incredible. It feels like you are literally sitting inside the city skyline. 

There were also a couple of hidden rooms behind the main lounge that we went into. One with a view of the south end of the strip. 

We will definately be back in the very near future to relax and indulge.
This review is for the RESTAURANT portion of the Foundation Room.

I came here several nights ago for dinner, and it was ok, nothing great. The food isn't bad, but compared to the price, it's not worth it. I guess if you want a quieter place to dine, and you're a member, then sure, it's ok.

I ordered the horseradish crusted, rib-eye steak. Again, it was good, but not great. I would have much rather have had a steak from Mesa Grill.

For sides we ordered the mashed potatoes, and something else, which I can't even remember, that's how insignificant it was.

The service and ambiance are great though. As everyone has pointed out, the view is spectacular. I'd come back for drinks at this particular Foundation Room, and skip the restaurant. Come to think of it, you can just go to Mix, at THE Hotel for drinks and an even better view.

Food: 2
Ambience: 5
Service: 5
Value: 2
Awesome view, wonderful dinner, great ambience, good drinks! Thank you!
We had perhaps one of our best dinners here with my wife. Steak for me and chicken for her west awesome!! The wine was good and the waiters were very kind and hospitable. From the door man, to the bus boy-we were treated great. Its an expensive dinner-people here who complain about the price, what were they expecting? Its not sizzler!
Anyhow, definitely has the best view of the whole strip! The lounge was good too-we just had a great time and will definitely go back.
Best meal of my life!  Some friends of ours are members and made reservations for the four of us for dinner last month.  Upon taking the elevator ride, we were escorted to a private room that was dimly lit and well-decorated with an Indian flair and a fantasic view of the back of the strip.  Soft music played in the background as we sat down on cushy-comfy couches.  Our friend had formed a friendship with the mater'd and we were treated like royalty.  We enjoyed two bottles of their newest champagne (served in wine glasses with ice and mint leaves), enjoyed the tiger shrimp wrapped with bacon as a appetizer, and took photos.  For dinner I had the roasted chicken while hubby enjoyed rack of lamb.  It was his first time eating it and said it was amazing.  I tried a bite and it was!  Our friends ordered several sides including truffled mac n cheese, which I tried and enjoyed.  I was very satisfied with the meal.

After dinner we went out to the bar and ordered drinks.  While the men drank whisky, us ladies enjoyed a drink new to me: pineapple upside down cake (in a double).  So good!   We went out to the balcony which offered a gorgeous view of the strip and "front row" seats to the Avenged Sevenfold concert playing across the street.  By far, my night at Foundation Room was the best night in a long time :)

PS.  It was really cool to see the private lockers of some of my favorite celebs!  Too bad the night didn't grant me a sight of the actual person.
Nice view, OK crowd (could be better). Only upside is I got in for free.
Love this place. The balcony has a great view of the Strip.
I LOVE the bar!!!  The decorations are amazing!  The view is incredible!  I try to go here whenever I'm in Vegas
Very GOOD restaurant. kind of a guys spot... Don't really know why but it wasn't overly romantic. The steak is is out of this world, get it with the horseradish Parmesan crust. The also have a great short rib app along with their oysters. For dessert try the bread pudding with an espresso!
I always had a great time at the Foundation room. The drinks are always great, and the patio has a great view of the strip....check it out, you will like
Best part about this place is the fact that Mandalay is at the end of the strip and the balcony @ Foundation Room gives a gorgeous view of the entire strip making a great photo-op.
"GET READY, SHAVE!" was the gentle message I received on a Tueday night. '"Why?" I whine.....

" it's the Vegasinc Women to Watch 2012 awards" says Wifee. 

Women to watch I muse, Julia Roberts?, Madonna ? Who? .....surely not a Kardashian I hope. But this is Vegas it's probably a Hilton?

Alas, none of the above, it was a ceremony honoring local business women, usual suspects including Dawn Gibbons ex wife of some ex- someone.

So arriving at Mandalay Bay, I'm disappointed the Valet guys are grumpy and don't seem to really want to park your car. " Where is The Foundation Room?" I politely ask the grumpy munchkin, "There's a sign by the elevator".

Inside, no obvious elevator so we wander around an almost empty gaming floor until we find the correct one. Front door, turn left towards the shops.

Private lift to a very high floor, unusual room, decorated like I picture Genghis Khans private boudoir. Fancy carpets, Buddhas, cool art. 

More grumpy staff behind the bar, is it because everything is comped? Don't know but grumpy no less. Outside there is a cool large balcony with a view worthy of the price of admission. 

Because it was an early award thingamabob there was little in the way of food, some cheese and chocolate covered strawberries but free Martinis , that's ok! 

A maze of a place and after spending a couple of hours there I am still not sure whether The Foundation Room is a restaurant, club, lounge, combo or merely HQ for grumpy staff. But looks very cool, a little different, awesome views and one day I'll return and figure out its true identity.
Through some good fortune I am a Foundation Gold member this year which has allowed me the opportunity to eat at the restaurant and hang out at the club more often.

Restaurant:
They changed their menu from the last time I dined here. It is now based around small plates and appetizer size foods. A la carte meats and cheeses, oysters, and other treats. They have a few large items that I have not tried yet. My wife and my dining plan is usually to try a bunch of small stuff and share.

In an age where restaurants seem to be cutting back on the size and diversity of bread baskets, this one is wonderful. Four types of bread and a trio of butter. The short rib with spicy kimchi is unique and tasty, and spicy. The chicken lollypops are chicken wings elevated with two delicious sauces. The pork and prawns which lacks any discription on the menu is two large bacon wrapped shrimp and a slaw. Can't really go wrong with something wrapped in bacon.

My only real problem is that my oysters seemed to be shucked with a hammer. They were very fresh and tasty, but there were substantial shell bits in most of them. On a related note, I was at a party in the lounge that was serving food and the shrimp pot pie I had (although very good, and in the cutest little cast iron skillet you've ever seen) was also full of shell. Keep an eye on the prep work guys and I'll be happy.

The Club:
I'm kind of like an old person here. I don't go here late very often when the DJ is going and it has more of a club feel. It is a great place for the view and it's nice to bring people from out of town up here for a little bit different experience. Most of the time the bartenders are very cold and not too worried about you. The drinks are a couple dollars more than downstairs at Mandalay Bay, but the 20% off member discount helps. They also hand out 2-for-1 coupons in the casino that are good for well drinks and domestic beers that help out with the cost as well.
I got really lucky on Friday night.  I was with 2 male friends, and they had asked if we could go to a club.  I told them most places would charge us a hefty cover, and we'd have to wait in a big line.  Walking into the Mandalay Bay, we were headed for a bar and got intercepted by a host.  He offered us some 2-for-1 drink passes at Foundation Room.  When I inquired about cover, he hemmed and hawed and eventually said he could walk us in.  It was a few moments of confusion at the door, as I don't think he was supposed to walk in 3 guys, but it worked!

We made it up to the bar with minutes before 10pm, when the 2-for-1's stopped working, and we got a round of drinks.  $18 for 2 rum & cokes and 2 beers.  OK prices, but we wouldn't be sticking around for a full priced round.

I've been there before but they hadn't . Obviously the view is amazing, though I prefer the view from Moon at the Palms better as you get to see the whole strip.  Clientele was mostly older guys and their girlfriends/wives, but there were a few single people there as well.  Great vibe in the place.  Wish we would have gone back later in the night since had our hands stamped.
As a frequent visitor of Vegas, I never really visit the Mandalay Bay due to its far location at the end of the Strip. This past Valentine my boyfriend and I went to dine and hang at Mandalays on a Sunday evening, a change from the typical Cosmo/Aria scene. The promoter from the Foundation room stopped us and handed us drink/entry passes in the casino. Another guy walked us into the lounge/club located all the way near the top of the hotel (but below MIX) I think? Don't really know which floor.. I was buzzed. 

Anyway, it was a pleasant surprise! The antique furniture gave a very classy/vintage vibe. Bar had a good variety of specialty drinks and wine selection. Bartender had excellent etiquette, came over and lit me up when she saw me pull out my Mild 7s :)
DJ was spinning old school hip hop with top 40 mix. Surprisingly, I was not bored. Most likely I was amused by the spectacular view of the Strip from the balcony and the drunk gay guy prancing/cat-walkin' around the dancefloor all night to every single song.

I would definitely take my friends here on future Vegas trips.
I love this night club. They have an awesomely awesome outside balcony on top of the Mandalay Bay. The view is amazing up there. 

The indoor club has a Buddhist, Gothic flair to it and is also decorated as such. From the main room you can access smaller private party rooms that aren't open to the public but are for reservation only. 

The crowed seemed to be a little older that the average night club crowed and it was really nice. Dress code is party, dressy attire.
Every once in a while you accidently find a hidden gem by accident. The foundation room was just that. While at Mandelay Bay to eat at the burger bar we were redirected to check out the foundation room after asking for directions out of the Casino. On the 40th floor the Foundation room can only be described as posche. From the cool Asian artifacts to the amazing view of the strip the foundation room has upsacle eligance down. For dinner I had the Filet with blue cheese topping. The steak here was cooked to prefection. I can honestly say it was one of the best i have ever had. For dessert I had the ice cream samplers. They were all homemade and very good. Portion sizes here were good also except I felt the ice cream was small for the price. The table service was top notch. I really appreciated not being rushed through dinner. Over all one of the best dinning experiances I have had.
This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas. Here are a few reasons:
1. Spectacular view of the strip
2. Great atmosphere
3. More mature crowd... No fist pumping here.
4. Love the people that work here, a great staff! Especially the security team.
5. The outdoor patio... I could stand out there all night just taking in the city view
6. Solid sound system and great resident DJs like DJ GIRL 6.
7. A fun spot to bring Vegas newbies
All in all this is a great place to start, finish, or continue your night. I have not had dinner here yet but I hear it's delicious. You will find me here often so don't be afraid to come buy me a drink :-)
Attended a lovely dinner party here the weekend before last. Hands-down, the best service I have ever experienced here in The Valley. I have lived, partied, wined and dined here for over a decade. The staff at Foundation Room understands service in the most natural way. There's no inauthentic ass-kissing just plain and simple good  service in a relaxed, attentive atmosphere. The meal was excellent, the fillet was perfection and the prawns were a-ok. In addition to the best view in the city, Foundation offers a mature atmosphere for 30 somethings looking for a night-out with others who can handle their liquor and want to enjoy themselves.
Zen and then some pow - this is a quirky bar in that it has an old asian mens club thing going on. There are private rooms for bottle service or public leather seating around fireplaces for it as well. Music is good but i only like it on occasion. I forget which night is best but once a week its pretty hopping. Mondays? Ask around. I guess they serve apps but I dont remember that. The outside balcony looks over all of vegas.
Amazing view, nice place to see a show. I was blown away by the view as you can see the entire Vegas Valley from atop Mandalay Bay. We were there for the Jake Owens show and I was impressed with how close we were to the artist. Its like having top musicians come to your house and play in your living room. I can't wait until the next event I am fortunate enough to be invited to here.
$35 for really really bad tacos on stale tortillas....the actual room the restaurant was in was cool, but this food was crap.  I was so upset about this because I could have gone to any nice restaurant in a town full of them but wasted a meal on this garbage.
OMG, OMG

I do not know where to start.  FIRST:  This place was absolutely wonderful!!!!!!!!  

I was given the opportunity to dine in this members only restaurant by Rose Dryden, she was very helpful.  First I want to thank her.

Second: Shout out to Danny was our server, he was wonderful!!!!!  It was my Birthday, and he treated me like a queen. He was patient, did not rush us and let us relax and take our time with the meal.  I told him how I enjoyed the meal and he went and brought out the chef. 
Third:  Best Chef Ever.   He appreciated our comments, and talked with us about the decor and spoke highly of the establishment.  He was so sweet that he went back into the kitchen and fixed me a special Bananas Foster for my birthday dessert.  It was so good, I could have licked the plate, but that would not have been proper, LOL.

I have for years been dining at the Alize in the Palms, I love this place also.  The view is similar and the food equally as delectable. The only difference is the price and the service.  The Foundation room was less expensive, which is a plus, and the waiters do not fill your glass every time you take a sip.  Sometimes to many waiters can make you feel rushed and it becomes a bit annoying.  

So if you want an excellent relaxed dinner with a perfect view of Las Vegas, this is the place.  This was a 12 on a scale of 10.
My favorite spot of the whole trip, and completely unexpected. A group of us made a reservation for dinner up here and I didn't know what was coming. We were waiting for the whole group and checked out the view - wowsa. Probably my favorite view of the whole town. Great angle because of where it is on the strip and how high this place is. Just absolutely gorgeous, ahh.

Dinner is on the other side of the floor, so we made our way over through the smell of incense into a dark room made light with the huge windows. Very quiet, very relaxed. We ordered a ton of food, meats and cheeses and such for appetizers and then wonderful different foods for the main course. Huge dishes of sides like mac and mushrooms to share. Beautiful dessert. Wow. I have to raise my glass for the steak though. Ordered it rare and it was probably the most perfect steak I've ever had. I could eat that every single day of my life.

There's a lot of expensive places to eat in Vegas. Make it count and come here, no regrets. No idea what they mean by members only since none of us were members of anything, but I guess you just have to be willing to come in a group and pay. Totally worth it.
Great ambiance and view.  Preferred it to Mix
My company funded a cocktail hour here recently, which I got to attend. The view is SPECTACULAR. The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable. The little beef wellington hors d'œuvre were delightful. The bartender made this drink... he didn't give it a name... that was like a glass of happiness. 

Yeah. Go there.
Great views, nice drinks, and you feel like the king of the world!
Our friends reserved a VIP space which happened to be the only VIP space on the balcony (In the center with 3 couches and a table). While I felt a bit bad that others couldn't get the best view from the balcony, I was very impressed with the atmosphere and service provided. I would definitely recommend this space to others looking for a memorable night with friends. 

The only issue I had was when we were trying to enter and gave our names at the door, it took them 3 times to check the list before they finally found the names. For a higher end place, you'd expect better service, but one slip up on the night is understandable.
We came here for a Lenovo convention welcome reception.  The open bar was incredible with any choice of drinks we wanted.  The Buffet spread was also really well executed and delicious.  The only mild complaint was it was very warm, not sure if was because the outside doors were opening and closing or ac was on the fritz.  I'd go back for another party though, the view was amazing!!
Fun for after dinner conversation on the balcony!
Very cool!  We were treated by Lenovo to an open bar and a tasty array of snacks.  The macaroni and cheese was awesome- it was sprinkled with some sort of bread crumb/parmigiana cheese.  The brisket was tender and succulent, and the slider burgers were yummy too.  The coolest part of the Foundation room was the interior decor.  It may look gaudy to some, but i think it was just right for what they were going for.
Since I moved to Vegas, the appeal Foundation Room has been steadily declining to the point where I no longer have any interest in going.  The music is stale, the crowd is older, and the vibe is nothing special (and by nothing special, I mean a rip-off of Tao). Even though Foundation Room is no longer a members/invite only establishment, they still like to take advantage of that reputation to bring nightlight novices through the doors.  This place has also been known to shut down rather unexpectedly at 2am if they are slow, so if you're coming here expecting an all night party, you might end up leaving early and disappointed.  The highlight is definitely the view, which is one of the better views in Vegas (perhaps second only to Mandarin Bar).

If you're new to the Vegas nightlife scene and can get in for free, you'll probably have plenty of fun here; however, like many of the smaller clubs and lounges in Vegas, you'll most likely be a bit disappointed after experiencing some of the bigger, flashier clubs/lounges that Vegas has to offer.
Great view, but doorman at the elevator was a complete d---, and the bartenders were too involved in talking with each other to care about asking if we wanted a drink, no wonder this place was so empty!  We received passes from a club promoter standing around MB, who told us it was also 2 for 1 drinks, we get up there and that deal ended at 10pm (false advertising), but before we even got up there the guy at the elevator, which takes you up to the FR was so rude and uninviting.  We got a beer ($7), after standing at the empty bar for 5 mins and being ignored completely by staff and stood out on the balcony with the 5 other people in the place and then decided to try out a different spot.  When we went back downstairs we thought that maybe they would get better as the night went on and also hoped the music would change by then (they advertised hip hop and were playing house/pop), so we asked the doorman if we could come back up later on if we decided to, his mumbled and rude response "yeah, if we're open" ok...well what time do you close? "probably 30 mins, I don't know" avoiding eye contact the entire time.  During this exchange, about 5 girls trying to go up decided not to when he said "30 mins" - wow what a horrible promoter! FR could be an awesome spot with some better music and some decent staff!
Went there last Sat. 6/23 and the food was the best I had in a long time.  We were greeted by Sean who totally remember my honey D.J. Farley when we walked in. Our waitress Jenny was amazing. Best experience I've ever had to date.
I really love the Foundation Room. It's always packed with girls my age and men my dad's age. Oh wait a minute...!

No really. In Vegas, where the average skirt length is 8" and the cup size is a D, I'd say the Foundation Room somehow attracts people who are a TINY bit more conservative, which is all you need, because it IS Vegas after all, not church. 

And for those of you who do want a little more sin, they have 2 dancers dancing around in their bikinis, just because. 

And we did get really stiff drinks, they didn't cost me a kidney, the view is spectacular. It's almost worth walking to from the other end of the strip! And on hot summer nights, I have a feeling the outdoor area will be even more popular than ever - smokers rejoice and congregate. 

I also really love the outside bar with dance area - it's not too big and not too small, and there are sectioned off areas for VIP's. Maybe if your feet get too tired someone will take pity on you and let you rest there, then feed you Moet to cool you off. 

Lastly, my absolute favorite thing about the Foundation Room is the fact that there's an elevator to take you up there. No waiting in line, no classless drunk girls puking by your feet, no crowds. Just guys in suits standing by the elevator to take you upstairs to an exclusive feeling club!
The Foundation Room is a great place to grab a drink and look out over the city.  It's dark and sexy, with a great outdoor balcony.  The view is awesome.  You can usually find a promoter handing out drink cards, so use them!  My drinks were strong and I had a good buzz on, just the way I like it.  Crowd seemed chill and the vibe hot.  I'm a fan.
Hi there - the ambience is fantastic and the views incredible. The lounge outside is awesome. Service is ok and the food was ok. It was not as expensive as I was expecting from the reputation it has so that was good. The asparagus was amazing but I am not sure I would go again just for this item, I think once is enough.
Loved this place. Great view of the strip. Incredible food. We even got a private impromptu tour and learned a lot about the many decorations and history of the restaurant. Highly recommended.
Am I not remembering this place correctly? The view was spectacular from the outside patio, the drinks were delicious and moderately priced for Vegas, and the bartenders were cute. 

But the music, oh the music. Nelly videos don't really seem "high-end club" appropriate. The decor is so beautiful and so zen, and the music is about Bentleys and hos. The juxtaposition is more jarring than welcomed. 

The crowd was also very, very strange. There seemed to be a bar crawl of foreigners who's idea of hitting on a girl was to tell her that she's tall. Before that were a group of middle aged couples getting freaky to Missy Elliot on the dance floor. It's an interesting time and worth the visit if you don't have to pay a cover.
Such an amazing view, such a horrible sound system and crowd. At least my drinks and entry were free
Can I just say that I have lived in Vegas for almost 4 years now and I have no idea that Foundation Room served food? Sure, I've been to the nightclub before (and it's a good place to take your older friends who just want to chill in a cool, loungy, not super trendy atmosphere) but a restaurant!? Blasphemy (see what I did there?)!

For my birthday this year, my boyfriend wanted to surprise me by taking me out to dinner somewhere special and he would not tell me where. Apparently, after sifting through menus all over town, he settled on Foundation Room.

While I'm told the main course menu is delicious, we just stuck to eating tapas style and ordered a bunch of appetizers to split. Of those, the Fresh Shucked Oysters and the Duck Confit are of particular note. The oysters were fresh and not overpowering. The Duck Confit is pretty much one of the best things I have ever eaten. It was so soft, flavourful and just melted in my mouth.

The service was impeccable and our waiter was one of the best I have ever had in my life. He was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, especially the wine list. I really appreciated how "real" he was with us. Usually when you are torn between two wines, a waiter will upsell you to another more expensive bottle, or try to sway you to choose the pricier of the two. Our didn't. He told us his honest, unbiased opinion of both bottles to help us make a decision without any underlying motive. That is always appreciated. 

To top off a fantastic meal, the restaurant gave us a wonderful plate of complimentary desserts for my birthday and even gave us a deal on the check! It was one of the best dining experiences I have had in this city and I will definitely be returning soon!
The view!!! Wow what a great place to get drunk and chat it up with random fun people

I wouldn't come for the music
If you likd the long lines, steep cover charges, over crowded dance floor, and over priced drinks....well this place isnt for you!

This is a more mellow atmosphere with little or no lines, cover was only $20 for guys on a Friday & Sat night I was their, and chill crowd.

Everyone talks about how amazing the view is at the top, and its just that!...AMAZING! The view alone is worth it.
The Foundation Room is unique, laid back, kinda eerie, kinda exclusive, and should be visited at least once. I have not eaten there yet, only visited the bar. My wife and I asked if we were allowed to look around and got a private tour by a very nice waiter. Each room is decorated differently, and is really something to see. He said a lot of times the headline entertainers will come to the Foundation Room after performing. He also said he thinks the place is haunted. He said at night when they are closed, employees have heard a little girls voice in some of the rooms. Oh yeah, the view from the balcony outside the bar is second to none in Vegas. Being 48 stories up, outside and at the end of the strip, it is a great perspective.
There are really only two things you need to know about the Foundation Room:

1. It's on the roof of Mandalay Bay, and has an EXCELLENT view of the Strip.
2. Scantily clad dancers - in bustiers, fishnets, cheekie panties & heels. HEAVENLY.

The drinks were pretty good, too. The bartenders were friendly and quick, and a bit heavy handed. 

All in all, it's a pretty place!
Top notch!!!  From the moment we went in until the time we left we were not disappointed.  We had VIP bottle service and our service could not have been better.  Great music, and the view..".the best in Vegas......will definitely return.
Ever wonder what it would be like to party with the Golden Girls? 

I recently had some drinks with a few friends at the Foundation Room in Las Vegas. Not that we were on the prowl, but the average woman in this establishment was 55yrs old. 

NEWS FLASH: Desperate housewives was fake! Perhaps this was their target audience? I don't know. If it was, mission accomplished! 

On the flip side, the place is a trip. I totally dug the layout and style. The vintage interior, high view patio, and velvet walls made the place look like Hugh Hefner's living room. The dim lights and carpeted lounges added to the "Playboy 1979" ambiance. 

If someone could teach the doorman how to say "No," they could really turn this place into something special.
My friend and I were offered free passes to this over and over till we finally took them in case we needed a back up to the nice looking lounges I had found at other hotels. As it turned out, we did try it and it was definitely not worth the effort. It's a super tiny, cramped, and filthy couple of rooms with a minuscule patio area that is cram packed with whores and their frat boy looking pimps. Yeah, you can see most of the strip, but through curtains and curtains of moths, so if you can palate that, GREAT FOR YOU! I'd prefer to see the view from the ground where a sheet of moths are not obstructing my view. So, go here if you LOVE moths, whores, and sleezy horny mid-west frat boys who clearly couldn't get laid at any other city in the world.
The drinks were rancid and expensive and we left after 25 minutes. NASTY!
Fantastic strip view, excellent cocktail waitresses, beautiful crowd.
The view was awesome, but other than that...meh. Cool atmosphere, but much smaller than I expected! The DJ was decent, drinks were good, but Vegas-priced. I was glad we didn't pay a cover. My friend and I didn't really want to go to a club, so this was fine for us.
Went for drinks and to enjoy the view.   Both were excellent.
This place is hands down, the BEST lounge I've ever been to. I'm not saying that just in the Vegas vicinity alone....I'm comparing this place to all the other lounges I've been to anywhere else in the world. 

Okay..that's subjective, I've only covered three continents out of six. The seventh doesn't count for obvious reasons unless I'm trying to break some sort of record. Top Gear South Pole, anyone?

This lounge knows classy. The management and the founders behind this place know what's tasteful in terms of decor, and they know what kind of crowd they're catering to. 

When you walk in right after exiting the elevator to get up here (rooftop of Mandalay Bay. If you watch a lot of music vids, you've seen this place) you'll notice a very impressive looking Buddha statue. Ask any of the hostesses about the story behind it!

The cocktails here are made VERY well. There are go-go dancers in the center room, and you can land a table or a private room with advanced reservations. They also have an awesome cigar menu at lounge prices (a little more expensive than a typical cigar lounge).

Probably the most breathtaking part of this lounge aside the decor and the vibe of the place is the view you get here that you just can't get anywhere else on the strip. Walk outside to the patio where you can see the entire strip and its lights at night from the south end all the way up to the north.

I've made this lounge my go-to spot for all my friends and our Saturday nights. 

If you and your friends are tired of the archaic waiting, prices, and crowd of night clubs, and would like to try something new, swing by FR. You can find the entrance next to the elevators at Mandalay Bay.
I'm a fan for going early in the evening when it's not jam packed with people and you can get a seat on the patio, snuggle with your sweetie and enjoy the gorgeous view of the strip. Later it's just tooooooooo crowded! It used to be members only club back in the day and it was much better then.

If you are new to Vegas this is a great place to grab a drink and enjoy the view! If you like to people watch it can definitely get interesting. You never really know what kind of crowd will be there.
My friends and I purchased one of the VIP Bar tours.  This bar was on the list of clubs.  It was the first stop on the list, and the best part about it is the view.  Amazing balcony view from the top of Mandalay Bay.  That definitely makes it worth the trip.  However, do NOT think you will be dancing here.  They do not allow cameras in the club itself.  It is very dark, with dark wood panelling and dark wood bar.  Dimly lit.  There are lounging chairs and couches, and two go-go dancers that dance on small platforms.  Although we enjoyed a good drink, we witnessed that security would approach any customers that were dancing and ask them to stop.  Only the go-go dancers can dance.  The customers just stand around, or lounge on couches.  So, go, take some great pictures outside on the balcony, and then leave.  I will not be going back.
So, my boyfriend and I came here the week of Christmas...we were pretty disappointed.  

Maybe it was that it was dead because of said holiday. 

Maybe it seemed lame and sad because there were only 2 families out on the balcony and 2 couples there to take pictures against the impressive backdrop.  

Maybe it was the sad go-go dancer, dancing up a storm while nobody paid attention, or maybe it was that there was nobody really around to pay attention. 

I dunno.

I just know that it seemed really desperate and really boring while we were there.  I'm sure that on nights where it's packed, it's a much better atmosphere, but, damn.  It wasn't on that night. 

Having just spit out all that negativity, I will say that they gave very generous pours, especially for Vegas standards, and that the view from the balcony is worth your time.  
Maybe I'm just getting old and don't appreciate these places anymore, but I highly doubt it.
I recently had my wedding reception in the Shangri La Room. I had a pleasant experience, to say the least. The entire staff remained very attentive to my guests throughout the reception. The food tasted phenomenal. No one went with an empty glass. My guests and I could not get over the amazing view and overall ambiance of The Foundation Room. I would like to thank The Foundation Room and staff for making my wedding reception unforgettable. I would definitely recommend The Foundation Room for a reception or private party.
I have been to this lounge a couple of times this past year. Once to see a live dub-step show and once again to hang with family and friends.

Upon entering after the elevator ride up you walk through dimly lit halls to get to each room of the floor. It's decorated beautifully in rich wood and classy dark structures. There definitely is great ambiance. 

The best part I must say along with other critics is the view! It is an absolutely stunning view of the city. Great place to relax and have a drink. We had free drink coupons, but obviously the drinks aren't the best deals you'd get in town. 

The vibe was totally different when I had came here for the dub-step show. Obviously there was a different crowd and the room was a bit small to be having such loud bass playing all night. Other than that, the couches are luscious and the workers I had come across weren't all that bad, but could be a little friendlier in my opinion. 

Overall, great lounge to check out.
The Foundation Room is located at the Mandalay Bay. It's a very classy elegant restaurant with tasteful dishes. I have to say one of the best restaurants I have ever dined at. Enough said.
I don't know what they do to their asparagus, but I wish I could take a couple hundred pounds of it home.  

The truffle Mac-n-cheese....devine! My  husband and I  took the leftover Mac-n-chesse  back to our room at the Mandalay  and fought over who should get it later that night.  

The bread basket..soooo good.

Oh yeah they serve entrees too...some of the best steaks my husband and I ever tasted.

The service was exceptional. Be sure to spend some time on the bar patio, the view is great.
Hands down the best meal I had in years. Ok I might have been stoned and drunk but it's Vegas! We had 9 dudes each one of us got a separate main course some of us shared huge steaks. I shared a 16oz ribeye but we ended up taking small sample bites from each course limb a bunch of different steaks NY tomahawk steak lamb pork belly wrap in bacon (must have) really it melts in your mouth! We got basically got all the sides but asparagus just cause no one like it but I think I would anything this place has to offer! Everything you would normally hate would taste good here unless it could kill u. U probably won't like it. And how did this place get 3 $$$ that's totally false our bill was close to $1000 so you should it here if you have some disposable income to throw around!
Great club/Lounge. Excellent service and bottle service is a must. The view in the patio is also wonderful. Special thanks to Dimitri and Kristina S for their excellenct customer service and friendliness.
awesome awesome awesome, best view in vegas, the staff is outstanding and attentive.. one of the best kitchens in town and its so unique it has a curator !
This was my fourth time at Foundation and it's consistently been great.  Part of the fun is the exclusive elevator ride up and of course the view, but the food isn't anything to sneer at either.
Started off with the chicken lolipops and also the pork belly tacos.  The lolipops came with a duo of blue cheese and buffalo sauces.
The pork belly tacos came in soft shell corn tortillas (like they should) and had a handful of fixins on them.
I got a New York strip with Foundation steak sauce and the lady got a filet with blue cheese.  Both were done nicely.
We skipped dessert and hung out on the balcony for a bit.  The views are tough to beat.  Great place to spend your night.
Just go for the view.

Right after a work conference at the Mandalay, my husband and I were aimlessly wondering the casino floor when one of the promoters came up to us. I casually began to walk off until 'best view of the Strip' perked my ears. It was nearing sunset, and why not? We didn't have anything to do!

They have an amazing view, and at like 5-6pm it was empty. We got one of the signature cocktails - which tasted OK in terms of craft cocktails, but definitely was full of alcohol so I guess you get what you were paying for (not watered down.) The atmosphere is really comfortable and the outdoor patio is wonderful.

I'll bookmark it as a stop, even if for the photos alone, for my trips to Vegas.
Great service and conversation from the bartender. I liked the drinks - Alabama Slammer - and actually thought they were worth their price ($12). The view from the balcony is great. I was recently up in the Stratosphere Tower for dinner and I have to say this view is better. It's closer to the heart of the strip and of course less crowded than at the Stratosphere. The lifts to take you up more than 60 floors are located near the concierge and beach level escalators inside Mandalay Bay. Closest to east valet.
The Foundation Room sits at the very top of Mandalay Bay.  This place doubles as a swanky 5-star restaurant and an ultra lounge. I don't dare call it a nightclub because it by no means belongs in the same class and caliber as Marquee, Tryst, or XS.

The crowd here tends to be older, I would say 40-something is the median age. Tons of plush seating and the walls are covered in tapestry. Foundation has a very middle eastern feel to it.

What makes Foundation Room stand out to me is that hands down, this place has the most amazing night time views of the Las Vegas Strip. Seated at the very south end of elegant Las Vegas Blvd, you see all of the high rises as well as downtown Las Vegas. The patio is always stuffed with older gentlemen, suited up, and puffing on cigars (it's that snazzy kind of joint).

A little know tip is that Foundation Room used to be ultra exclusive. Invite Only status. Thankfully, it is now open to the general public. There is a cover charge or you can always call ahead (check Twitter or Facebook) and be placed on the guest list. The music varies from night to night depending on the DJ (most, in my experience tend to be Top 40 to 80s genre of music), but I have never heard house or hip-hop dominate a night.

Strict dress code enforced.
It's the House of Blues.

Get passed the velvet roped elevator, sky rocket paste the penthouse and open those doors to the weird east asian looking statues with too many arms etc, and you know its the House, just with lower lighting. 

$65 ($55 for members) buys you a 35 day dry aged (not in house), CAB (exclusively pre-Prime inspected like), Bone in, 16 oz Rib Eye steak, grilled to your order... Now I don't know what was weirder, the fact that this 16oz, clearly was mostly beef - because the bone was more like my thumb bone than the L or shank bone I'm used to, OR that because the bone was so small, that I was looking at a 16oz cut of meat that was Chicken Fried steak thickness... well I waste my words, the taste and the mouth experience was one of the best from any griller I've ever had.

If you're ordering the naturally slow dry aged meat, request there be no sauce accompanying it - even if their waiter described "better than A1" dressing... or even crusted, even though I love me some blue cheese on some beef... because of this, naturally speaking, grilled correctly, still purplish, that beef's texture is like smooth sashimi, butter knife slicing, only light salt and pepper touched, juicy, invigorating sweetness, to almost pierce your taste buds... and yes that was the meat sections - fat is room temperature butter smooth, taste locked in, the only topping you should have with each bite... I can still taste it.

Don't need support for this experience. Had them, don't remember them because of either the $20 beers per bottle, or the still vivid imagery of that meat. That's what she said.

It's the House of Blues.
We were introduced to this place by a good friend during my recent trip to Las Vegas. My friend was able to get my date and I into this place for free ($30 charge normally). Our reservation was scheduled for 7 PM so we arrived at approximately 30 minutes prior to our reservation. This allowed us to hit up the lounge arrange which arguably has the best view towards the Las Vegas strip. For the view alone and the pleasant lounge area, I'd strongly suggest you come here. The day after, my date and I went to Bubba Gumps on the strip. That is where I looked across towards the Mandalay Bay and realized how high this lounge area is. Amazing! 

Now, the decor inside was dark (intimate) but I'd say some of the interior furniture and decorations were outdated, thus the dark lighting? Not sure. The service was excellent. Our dinner started off with a complementary bread basket which I can always appreciate. I requested that bread be warmed up and the server complied with the request. My date's Martini was accidentally spilled, the server kindly brought out another Martini for us. Major points for that!

Food: We started off with a Ahi Tuna Snap Pea Salad and an order of their Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes. Personally, not impressed with either dish. The server noted one of the specials of the night which was a 22 oz. Porterhouse steak which we ordered. but yet didn't realize that it was a $72 order once we received the bill. Being that the 16 oz. T-Bone steak was listed at $55, $72 doesn't sound so bad especially since my friend was able to get us a $100 gift card and a bottle of '09 CA Pinot Noir from Sonoma County which was totally was unexpected. Bonus for us. The sides we ordered along with the steak was the Truffle Macaroni and Cheese and the Grilled Asparagus which were excellent and strongly recommend. 

Being that Vegas hotels nowadays charge for items such as internet access, club entry, gym and/or pool access, etc., with the view alone, $30 is entry fee is not such a bad deal. I'd say, if you've never been, go and at the very least, enjoy the fantastic and very unique view towards The Strip. $$$-$$$$ for food so be prepared.
On my recent trip to Vegas, a good friend took us here.  He  was able to get us into this place for no charge, since he is a member ($30 charge normally). First off, I have to say "WHAT A VIEW!"  and second, "WHAT A VIEW" . . wow, unparalleled unrestricted  views of the Las Vegas Strip that cannot be beat.  

The Foundation Room is kind of hard to find.  You have to take a super secret velvet roped elevator to the top.  When you step off that elevator, you are transported to a very sophisticated  ultra lounge with middle eastern/asian decor. Its dark and serene.  Plush couches/seating surrounds you.  Step up to the bar and get your hands on a drink, then head out the doors behind the bar to the patio to soak in the view.  After enjoying a drink outside, head back in to the five star restaurant for some fantastic dining. 

Your waiter will start you off with a complementary bread basket with a broad assortment of breads, even a soft pretzel type of bread which I really enjoyed.
We ordered some appetizers: Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, Oysters on the Half Shell, Cheese and Charcuterie tray.

Now for the entrees, we ordered Osso Bucco, Horseradish Crusted Steak, Lamb, Braised Mushrooms, Truffle Macaroni and Cheese and Grilled Asparagus, all of which were to die for.   Dessert had some interesting choices: Lemon Olive Oil Cake, Apple Bread Pudding and Molten Chocolate cake.

Strict dress code enforced, so dress nicely!
Extremely classy place. Love it
My steak was PERFECT, my sides were PERFECT.  Service was great, balcony was a greta time, dance floor and crowd was a ton of fun.  If you can get in, you should have a good time.  Grab a Cigar from the small humidor too!
I love this place. It's one of my favorite spots in town. 

The food is delicious, with an ever-changing menu; the service is top-notch; the clientele are classy; and the view of the strip is one of the best in Vegas.

The experience truly can't be beat.
Great decor with an amazing view! The private rooms are a must see even when you're there. Religious people may find it a bit offensive but I didn't think so. It's a great display of Indian culture in an atmosphere of fun and frolic!

I didn't eat here so I can't comment on that. But I will say that the service was very good. If you find yourself and Mandalay Bay please do yourself a favor and go take a look!
2nd time here and again had a great dinner with great views, ambience and service.
The view is amazing from up here!
Best view of the Vegas strip by far.  Foundation Room is my type of place.  I hate clubs.  I think they are obnoxious and bring out douche-central. I like lounges, such as this.  Great music, outdoor seating aplenty, dark & swanky atmosphere and eye candy for all.  Cheers!  You just found the BEST place to hang out on the Vegas strip.
I attended the Vegas Seven, Best of the City private party last night at the Foundation room.  Great party, thankful for the evening.  I don't quite understand the theme inside.  Tapestry, incense, just kind of weird to me, because you go outside on the balcony and it looks like an outdoor ultra lounge.  Not too cohesive in my opinion.  The view was out of this world, though.  Amazing.

For the party, it was great.  The Foundation room offered a full bar and a few signature cocktails for the evening.  I got the Peach and Elderflower Collins the entire night.  Bombay Sapphire, juice of a half a lemon, St. Germain and peach puree.  It was delicious and trust me, I'm NOT a gin drinker.  This drink was amazing.  Tangy, sweet and not heavy with gin, so I tasted nothing!  It was good, but beware, it's a creeper.  I got drunk!!!  For the food, they served fried chicken lollipops, bite size shrimp and grits, lamb tacos, a dessert table and a pizza table with meats and cheese. All the food was on point, not heavy and super flavorful.  

Pretty cool night.  I appreciate the invite, Vegas Seven.  Great hosts.  Thank you!
Good night view !! Service was good ! Best place for romantics date ,birthday ! When u visit vegas from other state you should try here !
Two words: douche central. 

I had a bad feeling about this place when on the elevator ride up, some dbag was smoking a cigarette, spat on the floor, threw his cigarette down, stomped it out and left it. Note, the dude's girlfriend/date also rudely walked into me and didn't apologize. Classy.

Yes, they have a nice view from their balcony, but I was too suffocated by the hookah smoke (ha, didn't realize that people still DID that!) and blocked by the heads and bodies of the unattractive patrons to enjoy it. (My thinking is, if you're going to be an annoying douchebag, at least be attractive, right?!) Even though it was a $20 cover for my boyfriend to get in there (total rip off!), we left after one round of terribly overpriced drinks (I want to say it was like 45 bucks for a jack and coke and a grey goose/tonic). Just a gross place, avoid it.
This place has some of the best views of the strip. 

The drinks are strong, service is great, the food is good (albeit expensive) and of course the outside balcony is gorgeous. 

I've never been here very late, always during business happy hours so I can't speak to the late night crowd, but I always make it a point to come here for a drink.
Ate there this week with a big group while in LV for a conference. definitely worth the drive down the strip. the view from the patio is incredible and the food was incredible. 
I had the sea bass which was cooked well, my only complaint would be that the skin was slightly soggy and not as crisp as expected. One of my friends had the short ribs which were delectable, perfectly cooked and it took a lot of conviction not to steal his plate and eat most of the meal. 
I would def recommend a visit for the view and stay for the food.
Come for some relaxed fun and outdoor views. This place is a little hidden gem and worth taking a look.  Promoters hand out free passes out side the club so take a chance
You can't beat the view and the relaxed environment. Also, Probably the best Mac and cheese I've ever eaten in my life. Service is exactly what would be expected for a fine dining restaurant. I'm really glad they sat my boyfriend and I next to a window. The view was worth every dollar of the $215 tab for my boyfriend and I.
Just as all the reviews have mentioned, this is one of the best views in Vegas. 

I came here on Sunday night and the place was pretty dead. I went out to the balcony, ordered a drink, and was out there alone. I was able to enjoy the view alone for a long time until a couple of parties made their way to the balcony. It was nice though. The cocktail menu is pretty standard and service was good. 

I highly recommend this place to people that want to admire the view of the Strip.
Food is great, drinks are great, staff was great, and Sirius Chill sets the mood.  Dark and romantic.  The view is spectacular. We went early, nice crowd, but not too crowded.  No cover before 10pm. Best lounge we've been to in 14 years of visiting Vegas.  Truffle Mac & Cheese is crazy!!! Just go already:)
This place was a secret little hideaway. There were statues. Inside there were oversized chairs around the fireplace. There were a couple hidden rooms. The balcony provided a nice view. There was a bar. Very quiet and subtle and fun.
This place is racists!  They kicked me out just 5 mins ago... Their reason was that i was "intoxicated"...seriously? I'm sitting here fuming!  F****u, I'll take my $ else where!
This is the place you take that girl who has never gotten to experience that picturesque view of the strip.  Its jaw-dropping.

The décor and the ambience is that of a mahogany encrusted dojo meshed with Hugh Heffner's bedroom.  Unique, colorful, intimate.

The food is good and the drinks are strong.  Although the experience is factored into the price.  

Definitely check it out at least once if you've never been.  Take that cute girl with ya...  ;)
For the old world, exotic, far Eastern Asia vibe that takes you on the top of a Vegas resort hotel that glistens in golden yellow? Take yourself up 64 floors up Mandalay Bay! But not quite a place for everyone, for this is an exclusive club requiring club membership: The Foundation Room. Although you may get a chance to step foot in this through an event, pay cover charge, or VIP access, or via a Host, or a private party. (Recently held my birthday party in this venue!) With warm red furnishings' colors and purple-bluish lighting, plush furniture, a "roaring" fireplace in the main lounge overlooking the bar, an inspiring 1856 decor, 18th century paintings, walls adorned with buddhas, all cozy to take you to a faraway land. A large wooden chair by the elevators will accommodate at least three people, somehow made me feel like a Princess sitting on it. At least my friend thinks I look like a Princess he remarked after the photo. DJ music plays to get your dance groove on. Cocktails in the bar are quite reasonably affordable. The bartender and servers were attentive. Dining menu includes steak, vegetarian, and Asian, Indian,  Mediterranean flair served in white linen, white tableware, crystal stemware, and gleaming silverware. VIP host was accommodating and helpful in making my birthday party a memorable one. There are seven exclusive VIP chambers to hold your private party. Such rooms have the decors of Buddhas, stately Gothic style, Ganesh Prayer Rooms, and an 1856 style room. And best of all, there is the romantic feeling this club exudes. (It would be real nice with my love-y!) To top it all, extend that feeling stepping out onto the breathtaking spectacular view from the patio eye-ing the Las Vegas "Strip" as far as your eyes can see and see planes through your own "bird's eye" view of the McCarran International Airport. Hey, the plane, the plane! ...oh, planes! It's not the best view (it's the second best view as seen in the South part of Vegas) but Oh, but when the wind blows my hair in the way I like feeling it, it's just fine .. Feel like on top of the world! You, too.
I'm not ENTIRELY sure what's going on here.. But I like it. The entire place smells of incense; I think it's coming from a vent above the door, and is covered with tapestries and carpets. My friend, who had brought me here for drinks, said when he called for information, they were able to tell him the origins of the carpets and tapestries.. But of course he couldn't remember it. 

The music is nice, but definitely not something you would dance to. A lounge in the truest meaning of the word, there are several cozy sofas and fireplaces to lounge around, along with a balcony with a lovely view. They have some private rooms as well.. Mostly an older crowd, and a great place to meet a friend or colleague for a few drinks. 

As for dress code, most people were dressed in "party attire", but there were also people just dressed like they had come straight from the office. Of course, it was quite early when we went. 

Will definitely return.
This place saved our night and the view was amazing. It's not packed but that's the best part for us, we're not bumping into people and everyone there was super friendly. The drinks are cheap and strong, not the $21 water down vodka cran you find at most nightclubs. The music is top 40 hip hop and there's another dj that plays different music in the back. The hosts and the staff are also great. We will probably visit this place every time we come to Vegas.
I had my doubts even though there are so many reviews and a high rating I really was expecting the worst, I was wrong.  

We had dinner with a business associate and his wife and she really wanted to try it so of course we will say yes even though we had low expectations.  It was last minute and the night of Santana opening up his show but they fit us in in the time frame we wanted without a problem.  Because it was Santanas opening they had to make accommodations for more seating.  We lucked out and were seated in one of the nightclubs VIP rooms.  So we had our own private room with amazing decor and large extremely comfy couches!  

We ordered our drinks and began looking over the menu which is large and has a lot of options to try depending on your tastes.  Our friends had Shrimp and Grits and 8oz Center Cut Filet.  The shrimp and grits were good he enjoyed them but wished for more flavor in it, the steak was done to perfection she enjoyed her meal as well.  My Boyfriend had the Seared Diver Scallops that he said were done perfectly not a bit of rubbery feel to any of them.  I had the Mediterranean Sea Bass, with yukon potatoes, fennel slices assorted olives and a lemon vinaigrette.  My fish was left moist but firm the mixture of the olives and lemon vinaigrette made the mixture of the flavors stand out in my mind.  

I definitely recommend a dinner here if you are looking for a great view great ambiance and great food and service.  I will be back...
Stayed at The Hotel at Mandalay and decided to check out this place. As everyone has mentioned the view of the strip is great - lot's of couples getting pictures taken on the balcony with the strip in view. The decor inside is very cool, dark and comfortable - nice place to relax and sip a drink. My only knock on this place was the service by the  two cocktail waitresses - neither one stopped by to ask us for another drink - thought maybe it was me or my brother LOL then I noticed they both avoided pairs of guys or women - they were only interested in serving couples I guess kind of funny and also rude.
I got lost and stepped into an opulent room in a grand Thai castle. That must be it! How else would I be able to explain this beautifully decorated Thai-themed lounge with plushed carpets and Buddhist statues everywhere? There was a convention in town and most of the club-goers were older men and women. It is wonderful to be able to shake my booty on the dance floor without annoying young teenage-looking boys approaching me from all directions.

This is a really really nice place to chill and have a drink with your friends. You can enjoy the amazing view out on the balcony while sipping on a diet coke (fail, I know. Who drinks a diet coke when they're at a club?!), or dance, or just to have a conversation. It's not too crowded on a Friday night and it's not deafeningly loud. It's a perfect kind of place to me.
Great place!  Love the decor, the amazing view down the strip and for once a place with reasonable music.  I was here as part of a conference so I honestly don't know what the process is to get in otherwise but if you're in Vegas and looking for a great view and a really funky atmosphere this is the place to go.
The only thing you should be coming here for is the view.  Grab a drink and enjoy the view.  And that's it.  Yea yea, the interior is cool - but not that cool if the entire staff is not friendly, not knowledgeable, and not professional.  Don't even think about eating here, the servers, busboys, food runners, so called "sommelier", all have no idea what is going on.  I think they were all on drugs (the incense is probably laced).  Drink menu should be given when you first sit.  Ours wasn't, so the server came and asked what we wanted to drink, then we asked for a drink menu.  10 minutes later it shows up.  We both order ribeye medium rare.  One comes out rare, the other comes out well done.  I can go on but I'll spare your eyeballs.  Like I said, come for the view.  But that's it.
They'll take your money but only if you're in the finest of dress apparently.  Can't believe a place that claims to be based on the blues would reject people for a guy wearing a nice pair of new Levi's, Timberland shoes and an NFL logo coach's sideline polo.  She was wearing a nice blouse and jeans as well.  When they wouldn't even suggest we bother going to the elevator from the shop where you get your tickets, we wondered why our money wasn't as good as anyone elses.  She literally told us we wouldn't be accepted as we weren't wearing formal attire.  Really?  For the Blues?  And on top of this on a hotel comp?  Then the server has the audacity to ask us if we'd like to dine in the restaurant instead.  Seriously?  So we went to "The Strip" steak house, dressed as is, and dropped $250 on dinner there instead.  

The dumbass server didn't even get the irony of refusing us service while standing in front of the sign talking about not being able to pay the rent, getting dumped, losing a job. 

Enjoy your tour of the blues, if you're good enough.  

Signed, 

The guy that shopped at the same old Pepper Tree Market on Laurel  and Safeway on San Carlos Avenue as John Lee Hooker when I was a kid.  I'd love to have him back to join me on a trip to this pretentious piece of shit that supposedly honors his legacy.
My boyfriend and I got the opportunity to spend NYE at the Foundation for 2014 and it was the best New Years celebration yet! They have a spectacular view of the strip, probably the best in the city and all of the rooms are special and unique with a taste of Tao design. The entire staff was very kind and accommodating, it felt as if you were a guest in someones home, very cozy and elegant! I would highly recommend anyone who lives or visits Vegas to check out the Foundation Room, you will be very happy you did!
Vegas is a town were everything seems FAKE.. 

This is what makes the House of Blues Foundation Room even more awesome! The vibe in the Foundation Room is that of a chill VIP lounge. Dark and classy room where you are surrounded by stunning artifacts from around the world.

HoB Foundation Room is my favorite stop while in Vegas. When you check in, ask for Steve and tell him Philip Nelson sent you! :)
This place is an institution in Vegas, and you simply haven't lived life to the fullest until you've been here. 

WOW, WOW, WOW is all I can say.

Amazing view and a brilliant place to enjoy a proper cigar after 10:00 PM (due to local laws). 

The drinks are expensive for non-members ($15 - $26 each) and the cigars in their humidor are just mediocre, so I recommend going downstairs to Davidoff to get a proper smoke (which can bring up - just don't light up in advance). I enjoyed the La Spann specialty drink I had there even if it was a bit overpriced.

I got a wonderful tour by the manager, Steve, and this place is brilliant. You definitely feel like you are Robin Leach living in the lap of luxury.

The membership fees are very expensive, but might make sense for certain businesses who want to wow clients in the area. 

There does seem to be a large number of non-members in attendance which diminishes the value of the membership. However, I'm thankful as I'd rather pay the $30 to be able to visit than to be required to have a $1500+ annual membership.

The view from the balcony is simply the best I've seen in Vegas (but The Hotel at Mandalay Bay is roughly the same view). 

I didn't try the food and I wasn't there for the live entertainment. 

It was very crowded after 10. It's also a sausage fest so expect to see a lot of middle aged men in large groups and very few women.

The waitresses were terrible and inattentive unless you have table service and are ringing up $1000+ plus bills on booze (which is very easy to do). 

The membership doesn't make sense for me since I don't get to Vegas much, but I'd love to go back. It was definitely the highlight of my trip and a pure joy.

It's a great place for business networking as there were a lot of influential business people here, so that may be another reason to invest in a membership if you travel frequently to Vegas.
This place was OFF THE HOOK!  I came here for my birthday one Saturday night after we saw how incredibly long and ridiculous the line for Light was.  I had to make a quick decision, and my cousin's girlfriend suggested Foundation Room.  cover is free for girls and $10 for guys.

It was dark here with candles and low lighting - what I would consider perfect ambiance.  It was similar to the ambiance of a speakeasy but bigger and with louder music and more people.  It was a very intimate setting for a bar and the music was at the perfect volume - loud enough to dance but soft enough to hear conversation and talk.  The outside provided a spectacular view of the Strip, where we ended up doing what seemed like a 1 hour photo shoot.  

The night was quite a blur, but EVERYONE in my group of 21 people enjoyed themselves and couldn't stop talking about what a great venue and bar Foundation Room was.  They did kick my brother and cousin out around 1:30 AM, so behave yourselves here.  This was a really cool bar, and I would definitely come here again.  Hopefully I'll remember more next time!
First of all it was a little confusing when I made the reservation, they have a restaurant and a lounge. Their website sends you to Open table and that reserves you a table in the restaurant. We got there after 10pm and that's when they close the kitchen, luckily for us since we didn't want eat too much that late. But this gives you access to the adjacent lounge which is awesome! I'm not sure what other ways are there for non-members, we'll have to figure out till next time. The lounge is scented, loud and sexy! Music sounds great, people around you are in a state of open inquiry and bliss and you'll get there too, it's contagious. We stayed mostly outside where we made friends with everyone taking pictures of the gorgeous view, a lot of them were from CES (the current convention that week) so we got to talk to some, it's great place to spend a late night on a special occasion.
Best place to come check out the view of the strip. Great music, zen-like ambiance, and friendly staff. Per the usual in Vegas, if you're a girl, entrance is most likely free. Prepare to pay $10-$20 if you're coming with your guys. 

I went with 2 customers, so we went outside a couple of times to chat without trying to yell over the loud music inside. Highly recommended...this place never disappoints.
The view is the best of the strip. Its a kinda small club but I actually liked the intimacy that the small size provided vs the mega clubs thats standard in Vegas. The music was a mix which I appreciated, I dont like to listen to the same kind of music all night long. The drinks were kinda pricy but whats not in Vegas???  The foundation room is cool with me. Id party here again.
Was just asked to leave our seats rudely to seat other people who apparently wanted to sit down. Who knows. Something about being reserved but no sign was posted. Very, very rude. Made us feel like like shit. They could give no explanation. Won't recommend anyone to come here. If this lack of disrespect can happen to us then watch out people.  They deserve 0 stars!!
(Note: Came here for my fiance's company party, and paid nothing as it was open-bar and company-sponsored. Look towards other reviews for price points.) The Foundation Room is a great place for holding a mixer or getting together with friends. The staff were friendly enough, and there was heated lamps outside for those of us who wanted to see the view of the Strip. Come for the drinks and definitely stay for the view!
Come here if you like incense and a pretentious crowd (hey, sometimes I do!).  

I wasn't impressed by the FR lounge for a few reasons.

1. Slowness. It took about 30 minutes before a server asked what we'd like to drink.  And the saddest part is that this was before rush hour! Every other drink order came 20 minutes too late.

2. I was trying to nibble off of my salad on the very edge of the "coffee" table because it was full of other massively-sized plates - no room left for anything else. My pricy salad became a floor accessory.  The server so kindly took my plate away but offered nothing in return - no redo, no discounted new salad.

3. We had two members at our table, and in the later night we ended up in a reserved space where we were pretty much secluded in the worst way possible: No service again.  The reason, they claimed: The reserved space is for bottle service only.  $500 bottle of wine is normal in LV, I get it. But on this fine night, not one of the 6 people in our group wanted wine.  But, in order to get anything else, we had to walk out of the reserved space, go down stairs, go to the bar, and order ourselves.

The view here is great, as are the desserts...but this is Vegas. Competition is fierce!  Odds are you'll find a better spot elsewhere.
I went to the Foundation Room for the first time on Valentine's weekend and had a wonderful time.  I ordered a bottle of an delicious Cab and the Short Ribs. They tasted so good together.  I loved the assortment of breads they brought at the beginning of the meal.

SERVICE: Great service.  It's a 'fine dining' restaurant and the service was up to par.  I felt like I was well taken care of. 

VIEW: AMAZING views of Vegas.  You're up so high.

If you want a NICE dining experience then this is the place to go for something special.  The food is good and the views and ambience of the restaurant will make you feel like you are having an elevated dinner.
had so much fun!
It was 60++ floors up with great views of the city.  DJ was a craftsman with his mixes.  If the was a down side it would be the prices but what club in Vegas worth going to isn't?
The food was so good. I had pork belly and grits as an appetizer. I couldn't get enough. Then for dinner I had blackened Grouper. It was the best blackened fish I ever had and I'm from New Orleans. We got an awesome tour from  Nina. Worth every cent. We will be back.
Some of the best views on the strip can be found at the foundation room. We came here for my wife's birthday party. We had a delicious dinner, great service, terrific wine, and then bottle service and dancing afterwards in the nightclub. You will enjoy yourself, but certainly bring your credit card.
Great Service and one of the best atmosphere's to dine in Vegas which is saying a lot. Might be a bit overpriced for the food, but again, you pay extra for the views and surroundings.

Go for the Bourbon and Creme with Cookies for Dessert. You wont be disappointed. Skip the Truffle Mac, there is better, and go for the Twice Baked Potatoes for sides.
I haven't really enjoyed the club scene much in the last couple years but The Foundation Room changed all that for me this past Friday. The music was a good mix to keep the diverse crowd happy and on the floor, the drinks were great and my bartender Brian was friendly and on top of his job.
Best filet ive had so far. Im not sure it was the age/grade of meat or how it was prepared, but it was outstanding.The service was great, wonderful decor. We thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience.
YES, YES, AND MORE YES for Foundation Room!! 

This was our 3rd stop on our VIP UNLTD club crawl (see review) and boy, was I impressed. The venue itself is on the smaller side, with VIP seating in the middle that had a sort of "living room" feel. The music was excellent, playing a mix of hip-hop, pop, radio hits, and EDM. Drinks were definitely on the pricier side though, with a shot of simple Fireball whisky costing $10. I decided to go down to Evening Call for my discounted drinks that night, lol. 

The view of the strip from the small outside balcony is BREATHTAKING. They say this is arguably the best and most complete view of the Strip in all of Vegas. You look to your left and you're literally right next to the shiny, golden lettering on the hotel that reads "Mandalay Bay". Pictures and descriptions don't do it justice. 

I will definitely be back to the Foundation Room, especially if I want to hit up a smaller, slightly more chill spot after a long night of clubbing at places larger and more amped up. 5 stars, baby!
Cool lounge and best view on the Strip!
I had a great time having dinner here.

It is little bit pricey, but the ambience was worth it. The food was okay, and the taste was elevated by the ambience.

After the dinner, go to the patio, and have a seat at the sofa and enjoy the view.
Had a nice time at this place... If you're looming for a view of the strip you can't get much better than this...

- bouncers are cool
- great drinks 
- amazing view

Lively with random dancers the night we went which turned the heat up on the spot and, coupled with our imbibing, got us in a great mood to get the night going!  Super friendly bouncers that keep everything going smoothly as do the waitresses.  Paul from Hawaii was particularly awesome and kept the outdoor area lively and feeling safe for our party.  Will definitely be back.
What a great time we had! The entire staff from the greeter down stairs to the hostesses and wait staff were top notch. The food was out of this world good!! My wife got the NY strip and I got the long bone short rib that was so tender didn't need a knife. 

Afterwards we went to the patio where we had a great view of Vegas.
Sexy ambience, incredible view and delectable drinks. Expensive, no doubt about it...but if you come to a place like this in Vegas thinking otherwise you are delusional. I usually go to MIXX Lounge, but I think I might like this place better!  Perfect place to start a fun night
I came here for a private event so I did not dine here...and the service is always going to be excellent due to it being a private event so I cannot tell you what the actual level of service would be...

Foundation Room is hands down about the view. It does block out the view of Luxor (unlike mix) however it has a great view of the strip. The outside patio was underwhelming and looked very plain...maybe because I was there late afternoon....The inside had the same theme as Mandalay Bay in the subtle south east asian vibe...very antique looking...again this maybe because there was a lot of natural sunlight in the venue (majority of nightlife venues would look underwhelming during the day...)...very private venue that feels catered towards the older crowd

The apps being passed around were decent...not horrible but not great.

The private events tied with House of Blues Foundation Room members and the view are the standouts with it also being a great private space for your group.
The music and ambiance amazing. Very professional crowd. Yet super guy heavy. View is super nice. Also in the other tower is mix similar view just different more casual layout.
best dinning experience i have ever hadddddd!! food was amazing staff was nice and veryyyyyyy funny and the venue was terrific.......everytime i come back to vegas i will eat at foundation room!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was surprised by the decor/vibe in the Foundation room, but surprised in a good way. 

Nothing about the decor, staff, or ambiance is typical club/bar, especially for Vegas. Our visit there came just in time, as I was getting tired of beach-themed bars filled with bachelorette parties. 

Get the most out of the slightly higher-priced drinks and go out on the balcony. The view is a-maz-ing, and the couches/loungers are inviting. I also thought sending the dancers out to the balcony so we didn't miss them was a cool move. 

My brother and sister-in-law's whole wedding party was invited up to the club. I'm not really sure what gets you in, but it seems a tad exclusive, and I'm not gonna lie, that was nice.
The food was amazing 1st time there with family. The best view, friendly staff, I would go again. The only thing I wasn't happy with is they have  a dress code. Very happy customer!!!!
3rd time here and another great experience. 
Also our server Alo was the best yet. Great food, great at
atmosphere, great service and great views.
The first Filipino establishment I visited in Las Vegas.  Nothing particular stands out at this place. If you've been to a Filipino Restaurant/Karaoke place before, you'd find the same things here. 

The food was ok...and the service was prompt. It was pretty dead for a Thursday night though.
Went to Cafe Moda to meet up a whole bunch of guy friends at about 2am on a Friday night.  Located off Spring St, a few miles from the strip.  The place was free, drinks were cheap (wait...did I pay for drinks?), girl was yacking in the stall next to me, LOADS of empty tables, good music which transitioned to BAD karaoking... all this adds to 2 measly stars.  

It was a good conversation piece later, I must say.
Pretty cool Kareoki/Nightclub Filipino joint where they serve the best Sisig I've ever tasted. Their sisig is not your typical sisig made out of chopped-up pork head but it's made from crunchy pieces of fried pork meat and skin, mixed with onions and their special sauce, served in a sizzling hot plate. 

Went here at 2am on a Saturday night and this place was packed.  Waited for a few minutes to get a table but they have a full bar while you wait.  Good place to grab a late night snack and have a few drinks while people watching with your friends.  We even noticed a few white guys and some bruthas hanging out in search of their next Filipina GF or wife..haha.  Place opens till 5am so I was pretty surprised to see a lot of "uncles" and "aunties" here partying that late! Crazy!
You ever found a place that felt like Cheers?  Well, that's what this place is to me.  CafeModa-eers!  Every time I walk in I'm greeted with friendly bouncers, servers, and bartenders who have all become more than acquaintances.  It got to the point where I was there every day just to hang out.  I had graduated to being a local drunk of Vegas and had a favorite bartender, Angel.  I just can't get enough of this place.  I've had to pull myself away from here just because I started forgetting about everything else.  It was a place to escape all realities.  

Luckily, they decided to be smoke free, it smells so much better and you still come out smelling like the way you came in unless you've danced the night away and just sweated all over the place.  Not like before when smoking was permitted, I hated the way I smelled after coming out.  The music is a mixture of r&b, rap, and some dance music.  Ordering food is easy as I pretty much like everything they have to offer like the sisig, garlic fried rice, tapsilog, and losilog.  Food is served till late so you can even go to the clubs first and then go to Cafe Moda to eat after.

The best days and times to go if you're looking for dancing and a good atmosphere with young people are Ladie's Nights on Wednesdays/Thursday mornings, Friday nights, and Saturday nights.  But, any other night if you're feeling up to singing, "Like a Virgin" it's all a great night for it.  I've had my fair share of Selena's, "Dreaming of you" after some Jack and Cuervo.
I'm not Filipino, but it didn't matter, went with some colleagues as a 'completed training' celebration.  They ate, I got their too late, but what was left looked REALLY good.

The music was great, but being from NYC (we're not big on Kareoke) it was a little strange and it died out A LOT once the singing started.

Everyone was very nice, even go to dance some salsa!!!

Anyway, had a great time regardless.  Would go back.
I'm in Vegas, and where does our group end up going?!  A freakin' Filipino "disco", "just like the ones in the PI" my friends told me...  ew.  Granted, it was fun for the first 2 hours, but the folks there don't get sick of dancing to the same rap songs being played over and over.  They serve food, although our group didn't have any.  

The good:  No cover.
The bad:  being in a filipino nightclub while in Vegas
The ugly:  being here for more than 4 hours, nasty people practically having sex on the dancefloor, doing it to Flo Rida's "Low".
We ended at this place my first night in a recent Vegas trip. Obviously my local friend was the one who knew about it. All I gotta say is craaazzy man. It's a great feeling to stuff yourself full of rice and sisig after a night full of drinking at the club. Food was good, and drinks were cheap. The crowd is majority of Filipino people from young and old. Plus mix in a few black and mexican heads. 

Moda is a Kareoke bar first and foremost, but they do play hiphop inbetween sets and people usually get down on the dancefloor. It's a great place if you're looking to shock your filipino friends with something new hahah!

Oh yea watch out for the uncle who wants to be your best friend and the guy who tries to dance with ladies in his dress shoe and white socks =X!
Came here on a trip to Vegas with a group of friends. We had just arrived in Vegas and were hungry. The boys suggested Cafe Moda since they went there the last time and raved about the sisig. So we took cabs to Cafe Moda, which is off the strip. When we got there, there were groups of people outside the door. Inside, we waited to be seated. There was a nice fire at the front and considering how cold it was outside, it was nice to stand in front of it. We were seated withing 2 minutes. It was super dark inside and I couldn't really see other people but there were lots. People were dancing on the dance floor and the DJ was pretty good!

We ordered drinks for each of us (have to if you're in Vegas) and the 2 plates of chicken wings, 2 plates of sisig, and 1 plate of fried rice. My drink was really strong (jack and coke) so it's good to know they didn't skimp on the alcohol. Our food came but they only gave us 1 sisig. We didn't mind though because we got full off the rest of food. Every dish we had was excellent and we polished everything off quickly. We definitely left very satisfied. Didn't stay for any dancing though because we were tired.

The next night, we ended up at Cafe Moda again because we were all hungry at 2am after going to a club. Ordered wonton soup, chicken wings, more sisig, and regular steamed rice. The wonton soup was really flavorful and I thought it was one of the best wonton soups I've ever had. Hmm Filipino wonton soup better than any Chinese wonton soup I've ever had?... yes even though I'm Chinese, I had to admit it. It was damn good! The sisig had too much onion this time because every bite I took had an onion taste... didn't enjoy it as much.

Overall, can't wait to come back to Cafe Moda for the food. It's a small little club too but I wouldn't come here just to dance.
I was just happy to find out there was a place in Vegas where i can eat tosilog. I didn't know what i was walking into after we left the club to go eat, i was expecting a little restaurant but ended up walking into another club that just served food still. Food was really good and and the drinks weren't that pricey. I didn't see any karaoke singing but the music sure was loud. This will have to be the new after club breakfast spot from now on.
Restaurant/Karaoke/Dance Club in one? Fun Filipino atmosphere where the old folks and young kids can all hang out and have a good time. The place was kind of dingy with dimmed lights and loud music. The dining tables were wrapped around the small dance floor and the only kind of light that was provided were from the candles, disco ball, and the big TV screen that was on stage where the karaoke mics were. 

As for dinner, I gotta give it to them and say that it was quite tasty. I was satisfied with everything that was ordered and pretty much licked the plate clean - totally murdered it. We ordered:

Tosilog (pork with fried rice and fried egg) - $9.95
Sisig (shredded pork w/ onions n' mushrooms on a sizzling plate) - $12.95
Sizzling Black Pepper Chicken - $10.95
Garlic Fried Rice $7.95

Service: I thought was okay, not friendly at all, our waitress was kind of stuck-up'ish. We ordered water to start off with and she came back with six bottles of the small 0.5L Arrowhead Bottle water which were at $3 a pop - that's $18 for just water! (This is the kind of water that I can get for 50¢ at 7-Eleven). We flagged her down and told her we wanted tap water (the free kind that comes in a glass), but she told us they didn't serve tap water - which didn't make ANY sense because "later" on that night I saw people at the next table over with tap water! And on top of that, I too was able to get water from a different waitress so that totally pissed me off!!!

Note: She quickly gave us our checks before we were even done eating and told us we had to pay because she had to clock out. The rude part was when she came back with our cards and waited for us to sign the checks and see how much we were going to tip her. The next thing you know, she was changed into her hoochie-mama outfit and was on stage doing karaoke! (I guess someone was in a hurry to go sing).
Scale 1-10,I give them 1/2.Due to the special occasion from our 20th Anniversary celebration with early reservation we did,they made it double booked in one small place.I think they take advantage on us because all of us is from out of town.also unfair from the other group.And the food is not that good scale of 1-10,maybe 2.Another thing busy weekend,with party reservation, men's restroom broken.Its good I always bring my sanitizer in my pocket.The date 8-15-09.
So Cafe Moda is a tiny little club on Jones and DI off the strip.  The place is kinda crammed with very little wiggle room because of the dance floor and restaurant tables taking up most of the space.  The food features all types of Filipino fare all night long. 

The DJ was good and the place was your typical Saturday night crowd in Vegas..... Only reason for a non-five star was the pricy menu.  Other than that Cafe Moda is a great late-night spot.
5 Stars just for their SISIG! Nothing compares. I was visiting my bff in Vegas in November and we were suppose to go to Body English.I forgot my ID at her house so went back to Henderson to get it and kinda pooped so decided to go to Cafe Moda instead. My bff had been here before and said they had a dj. It was a Sunday night...so they actually didn't have a DJ that night. It was pretty empty (it was around midnight). They did have kareoke. I wasn't even hungry. All we ordered was the sisig because she told me how good it was. It was delish. I ate so much even though I already had dinner. We shared one plate and even had left overs that we ate the next day for lunch. Going to Vegas this weekend and Cafe Moda and their delish sisig is on my must-do-list and it will be every time I go to Vegas. Service was pretty good. And um...the kareoke music was horrible. lulz. But I'm not much of a kareoke kinda gal.
While Cafe Moda isn't as popular as it used to be a couple years ago, it's still pretty full on the weekends.  The crowd is a on the older side and there are often parties set up there.  You can eat and drink first and then either karaoke or dance to whoever's singing.  The dance floor is a decent size and the dinner tables can be large enough for a good-sized group.

The restaurant/bar is located right at the Spring Mountain/Jones intersection across from the 168 grocery market.  There's plenty of parking available in the strip mall.  Since Moda isn't too far down Spring Mountain, oftentimes I'll just head down there after a night on the strip to get some sig sig and beer before heading home.
After a night of drunken debauchery, friends and I were all craving Filipino food. And thank gawd, I came up with the brightest of ideas and yelled out "Cafeeeee Modaaaa." -- I swear, that was, like, the best idea of the new year for me.

Our party of 10+ left (crappy) Haze and went to Cafe Moda on a Saturday night @ 2am. And, boy, were we pleased.

The music was hip hop and R&B -- better than the last place we were at *cough*cough*
The dancefloor wasn't crowded -- we could dance/walk clearly; forget that we were dancing next to old men (tatas) and old women (nanas)
And they had food there -- *sisig, plabok, lumpia

*Granted our breathe was crazy from the onions in the sisig but, we really did dance our asses off...

I woke up smiling and talking with friends about "how fun last night" was =)


I highly recommend doing this if you wanna end your night on a different kinda of bang-bang-BOOM!!!
The food has got to be the best filipino food I've had in Vegas!  Sisig dish is the best sisig anywhere, hands down!  So crispy and yummy! (i had to edit this and say the sisig is BANGIN'!!!) Ask for extra jalapenos.  Filipino breakfast dishes are so good, especially with garlic rice.  

The atmosphere... well, I think the food and entertainment alone make up for it.  Fun laughs and fun times guaranteed!
Cafe Moda is the most fun place to sing, dance, laugh, drink and eat the best Sisig and yes, extra Jalapenos please! Crispy Pata is as delicious as it should be with a crisp at each bite! The lumpia's are pretty good, garlic fried rice is tasty and as Filipino as it can get and the sinigang is delectable!

This place is also a Filipino Karaoke bar folks, so be prepared to be in a very loud, entertaining venue and with the Nanay's and Tatay's doing the cha-cha and bringing sexy back! You never know, you might just catch a drunken girl trying to do a stage dive into the dance floor after singing or screaming her heart out!! 

And here is a big tip....don't let the little Filipino guys or girls intimidate you if you are not Filipino and walking in alone. Yes, Filipinos do stare but mostly because they want to eat you! Just kidding....we stare because we want to know what you are wearing, so smile back and if the stares don't go away....offer them a drink and they just might be your best companion or compadre for life!  :-)
One of pretty good place to hang out with friends on Friday night! You can dance, sing on the stage and/or eat, drink on the side...while watch others 'being happy' on the stage :)

One full bar right after you enter this place, then stage in the middle and many tables around! Live is here on Friday (at least on Weekends I think so) ! I love their Filipino karaoke (even I couldn't understand at all), and they also have so many English songs (even issued many many years ago) !

Parking is hard to find because this plaza still has Korean karaoke and Chinese karaoke places + massage + one Chinese restaurant, which open very late....
I've been here 3 times, not by choice, and I have not ever left this place happy. It's a late night hang out with karaoke, food and alcohol... You always expect, any place that has a karaoke machine, will have people who think they can sing or people that are so drunk that they think they sound awesome. I'd never return if it weren't for the people that we hang out with, I'd NEVER return here. My most recent visit was last night and here's the play by play... 

Right when you walk in, it smells like rotten eggs. There's is usually someone there, bouncer type person, usually LARGE and in charge. From watching the rumors, I've heard that they've had to to hire more security due to the "Fights" that break out there-- GHETTO. Then you're walked over to your table, keep in mind that the place is so dark. I get it, there's a dance floor and you want the lighting so low to hide the fugly-ness of your patrons but c'mon... You have a bunch of drunktards roaming around in this cramped restaurant, give the place some light! 

We were greeted by this grumpy, older Pilipino lady dressed in the most casual of clothes. She took our orders and brought over our food and that's it. Soo the services sucks booty. 

So, to deal with the music, karaoke and the dumb drunk people that go there, I drown myself in alcohol, which makes me visit the restrooms more times than I'd like. EVERY TIME I GO HERE, THERE'S ALWAYS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE RESTROOMS. The first time I went there, there was water all over the floor, which I believe was from the toilets, ew! On my next visit, the toilet was broken and they didn't put a sign on the door to tell you "HEY! Don't pee in here... Or crap, cos it ain't goin to go where it needs to go!" This last time that I was there, the locks fricking didn't work in the stalls so I accidentally walked in on someone and then someone almost walked in on me, luckily I was holding the bottom of the door closed so, sorry, no free shows! 

Ok, the FOOD. I miss pilipino food, being from San Diego, there is a plethora of this cuisine to choose from. There aren't many selections here in the desert so I was SO disappointed in their food and the fact that good Pilipino food is hard to come by out here. I had the Tapsilog... First of all the rice had no taste... It had the look and smell of fried rice but it was in no way close to tasting like fried rice. The tapa looked like it was burnt to a crisp and-- you know how meat looks like if you fry it for too long? Yep, that's what it looked like, gross and inedible. I was hungry and a little buzzed so I ate it anyway. It tasted like day old meat that they flash fried to pass off as fresh. It was horrible. And, my companions had the Tosilog... And ended up throwing up and having the runs. 

The next time that I receive an invite to go to this establishment, I am going to give them a BS excuse or flat out "HELL NO". 

Gross, gross food.
Not too far from the Vegas strip, live entertainment, down home Filipino soul food... and open late at night! Aside from going to family or cooking myself, I wouldn't go anywhere else in Las Vegas to satisfy my late night cravings for adobo, sisig, sinigang, crispy pata AND karaoke!
The food here is so good.  If you are going to try one thing here, please try the sisig.  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!

Their sisig is not the typical one that you would get anywhere else.  Sisig is supposed to be various pork meats (I'm not even mentioning what cuts of pork it is) with peppers and spices with a side of lemon, served on a sizzling platter.  Their version is what I would call chicharrón chopped up into smaller pieces.  But nonetheless...it saves me time from picking out the "bad" pieces of pork, and instead lets me enjoy it instead.

Their sisig, or whatever is should be called is delicious!!!

It can get "ghetto," depending on the night you come in.  It's pretty much hit-or-miss.  One night, it was "tango" themed.  Pretty cool watching the couples dance formally.  Some nights it'll be middle-aged women getting their groove on.  Not a pretty picture.  But other than that...nothing like good food and cheap entertainment from the karaokers to get the night rolling.
The sisig was top notch...also had the combo fried rice--not too shabby. I could do without the extra bass from the speakers and bad dancers tho--I wouldn't go there again at 4am...probably during the day so I can fully enjoy my meal
Despite the rave reviews about the sisig, I don't think I'll ever make a trip back here.
The overall "ambiance" (if you can call it that) is not very inviting, in my opinion. It's dark, with minimal decor, and "party" style tables. The "bouncer" there was just chillin' at the bar, and the bartender was just as inattentive to any potential customers coming through the door.

I went on a weekday at about 8 in the evening? The only people in there was a group that consisted of about 4 older Filipino men, I'd say around... hmm mid 30s to early 40s, and a bunch of young girls... somewhere around their 20s? Them,  and a middle aged couple. 

Anyways, I was having a good time with my 2 girlfriends, singing karaoke and such. I was stoked because I actually got the couple to slow dance when I sang "Crazy" by Patsy Cline. My friend Amber sang a Britney Spears jam, just so I wasn't hogging the mic... well, I was up there for the 3rd time, since uh, there was no one else in there, and our other friend, Maria didn't want to sing, then SUDDENLY, as I was approaching the last lines of "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor the "DJ" cuts my song off, and decides to introduce one of the girls sitting with the Filipino Mafia, or whatever, saying she has a CD coming out. 

Really? Well, whatever... Perfect timing. Just when Amber was about to tip the DJ he cut me off.. NO MORE! Not since he pulled that stunt. 

So I sat down with my friends, and we attempted to listen to this girl's supposed skills on the mic, and I have to say, I'm not the best singer, but I was definitely better than her. 

I'm giving this place one star, NOT ONLY for the horrible DJ, but for the horrible service, and UNDER SERVICED restrooms, not to mention the uncaring workers.
This Pinoy joint was mad fun. Not alot of these places in Seattle, so I had to just check this place out. 

We were there on a night when there was a 70th birthday party going on. So that alone was entertainment enough. We sat at the bar and the bartender made good drinks. He made me a "bartender's special" which he says had like 5 types of alcohol. It was good and definitely not watered down. Although it tastes like a fruitified long island. 

My other half was stoked that there was San Miguel. The sisig was good. 
The lumpia on the other hand did not seem or taste real. It was like store bought ready to fry lumpia. What's up with that yo? 

Other than the fake lumpia, this place was fun. Nothing classy about it ... but not too trashy. My friends who are Vegas locals however did warn us that one of their friends got shanked like 50 times ... so .... that kind of put us on some type of alert. We didn't stay too long. But good times nonetheless.
5 stars!! This late night cafe is the go-to spot after clubbing all night long. Not very pretty on the outside and not a whole lot better looking in the inside, but what I like about this place is the SISIG, the Resident/house DJ, and the fact that I feel like I'm truly at a late night club in the Philippines. 

The food is deliciously pricey, but that's okay when you're splitting the tab with your entire party. I suggest getting the sisig!! 

The DJ is the best spinning DJ ever, and no, I'm not kidding. 
 
In between all the food, drinks and music... KARAOKE is obviously not ignored. this part of the cafe makes it feel like home. 

Every time I'm in LV I make sure I visit this place.
It's really dark inside because of the "club" feel.  I wish there was more lighting than the little candles they put on the table.  Also, the music is really loud, so I wouldn't bring a date here.  You literally have to yell to each other if you want to say something.  Also, you have to put up with the karaoke divas.  Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not.  It's a risk you have to take.  The dance floor was dead, but that's because none of the music was hype.  Lol.

Aside from all that, the food is really good!  They make hella good sisig.  Also their crispy pata is good too!  I tried their pancit a while back and had no complaints.  There's not many places to get sisig in Vegas, so this place can satisfy that craving.  Good food, just some things you have to put up with.. ^_^
Don't go here to eat, just go to get your Filipino dance and karaoke on, I guess. 

I had a $20 certificate (glad I didn't actually spend good money here). Ordered (to go) the waitress' suggestion: egg roll appy and Mike (noodle/bok choy/noodle something). Both were so SOOO greasy that I took a few bites and trashed the rest. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience. Also seemed like waitress had never seen the menu before. Amateur hour. 

Pass.

BTW, I was tempted by the sisig until I learned it is traditionally made with pig ears and snout (wat?!). Waitress said theirs is made with pork belly. Yeah, I trust her? Pttht.
Writing a review on this very day after experiencing the infamous Cafe Moda I heard so much about just hours before on a Friday night.  It was my first time and reason of my presence there, it was the meeting point my friend Will suggested before heading out.  

Being filipino it just seemed natural to at least try this place once since it's so popular with my race.  Came here at about midnight and the moment I stepped in I felt like i was back in the army stationed in South Korea haha.  So much ladies of the filipino ethnicity being escorted by old white males. I thought the beer prices would match the interior of this place but I was wrong.  Still $4.50 which I thought was still too high for a place that looked like this.

While waiting, I also decided to order something to eat.  Just wanted to kill time while waiting for my buddies. Ordered a calimari.......not that good and the sauce that came with it was some type of vinegar that made my breath funky.  So bad that even the fresh off  the boat ladies didn't wanna talk to me.  I would recommend this place to the older asian generation and any looking to find and older partner to leave with it.

BTW, I joke around half of the time so I apologize if I offended anyone by the fresh of the boat description of this place.  I'm fresh of the boat too, from the Titanic tour of Luxor I experienced with the yelp crew.
Never fails.
We come for food and end up dancing the night away. Hahah
And this time we even had the balls to sing some karaoke!

LOVE. THIS. PLACE!
We heard so much about this place that we wanted to check it out before a show that night.  What I really like about this place is that the staff is really friendly and very accomodating.  There was some kind of event going on Saturday night and the restaurant was hosting a private event.  The host said that they could squeeze us in.  The put out a table for us and found some extra chairs to fit 6 people in the corner.  I liked that they didn't want to turn away business.  Sisig-pork belly was awesome and so was the sinigang.
Whenever I step foot in this place, it's like I'm in the Philippines.... It's interesting.  I've been here a few times to grab a drink and maybe dance a little.  It's funny that you can get some sisig and two feet away there are people getting down on the dance floor.

The drinks are slightly overpriced in my opinion.  But the resident DJ actually plays some pretty good hits... mixed in with a little bit of electric slide and its bound to be a good time (for like 20 minutes, then I'm done).  The crowd is also bit on the older side.  However, if you're looking for a non-pretentious place to just have a quick drink and dance to some good music (especially if your Filipino), this is an OK place to go.
Are you kidding me?!?! this place is the Shit! After Tao we were hungry so our friend (local) suggested Cafe Moda. The Sisig makes my mouth water as i type this..that good! I was blown away by the music selection. By far one of the best DJ set for Late 90's-2010's. The crowd is mixed (young and old) but everyone got along. No drama. Drinks and food were affordable and staff was excellent.
Wow is all I can say...I came for the food and ended up staying for the pure entertainment of watching Lola's on the dance floor...
Gentlemen- if you have that Asian persuasion thing going then you might want to check this place out..

It's true what everyone says- it's really dark in there, I had to use my cell phone light to see what I was eating half the time.  It was pretty empty when we arrived at 9pm on a Weds night, even though it was their 7th Anniversary celebration.  We sat down and ordered just as they were starting up the Karaoke session.  

We ordered:
Ox Tail soup- pretty bland but vegetables and ox tail was good
Kare Kare- a stew with ox tail and peanut butter and veggies...sounds kinda gross but was actually pretty good, it comes with a shrimp paste you can add to the sauce to give it more flavor.
Mike Bihon- rice vermicelli noodles and thicker udon like noodles stir fried with vegetables, it was okay
Sisig- fried finely chopped pork bits/parts brought out on a sizzling plate.  This one was pure awesomeness if you like that sort of thing. You squeeze lemon on it and eat with rice and its a good night...

Well- the karaoke started and I just about threw up my food..not from the food itself but more of the shrieking and how loud and bad some of the singers are...geez...thank god karaoke was ending at 11pm that night..there was not going to be enough shots for me to be able to deal with that all night long...I mean, it was funny laughing at some of these people but some were up there like they were all auditioning for American Idol!

Once the dancing started, that's when things really took off!! They play a combo of hip hop, R & B, house, trance, techno...it was hilarious watching people of all ages out on the dance floor and the get-ups of some of these folks...

Next time, I'm bringing my friends from SF here!  The food was good and the entertainment was even better! I will for sure be back!!
Went here strictly for the sizzling sisig, and it did not dissapoint! However, I was not into the atmosphere. I guess on the weekends it turns into a Filipino disco disco complete with a DJ that mixes songs together without letting them play all the way (so Pinoy). It was dark as hell in there, so I could barely see what I was eating. But you know what, that damn hot, sizzling, citrus pork dish made it all worth it.
So I was in Las Vegas for business.

Yes. Business.

No, I'm serious. Business, you heathens.

Aiight and a LITTLE BIT of pleasure. I mean c'monnn son! It's VEGAS.

So I'm eased in! Cool. Like I am. Chillin'. (Lol RIP Bernie Mac). Just came out the Mark Curry show, which was MAD hilarious! But I really wanted to touch base with my local fam in the Sin. So I tagged the cousin, and she says to meet her at Moda, where another relation of ours works the door. Awww snap! FAMILY DISCOUNT! hahahaha.

So I get in and it's like...being back at Serramonte Mall. HAHAHA! HELLLA Filipino folks! I mean, there were a few other spots of colors here and there, but Manilla was in the building! LOL (hey, I love my PI people! Manny #1! haha). 
The floor was packed with some maddd fly females and the occasional dude who has NO CLUE as to what dance to do when the music starts up. I almost was about to call the medics for this one Asian dude who started this weird jerking, body-stuttering motion. I wasn't sure if homeboy was feelin the groove or having a seizure. But tell me why homeboy had like 3 of the baddest ladies dancing around him!? HAHAH! So I wasn't mad though..well not that much lol. 
There was this one cute female though who kinda creep'd me out though because no one wanted to dance with her. So she decided to play Go-Fish and just dance AROUND dudes and hope one would turn around and hit their Dougie on her. That was a negative. LOL! This one cat was hittin the Cat Daddy and she got behind him and started mimic'n his movements..but HORRIBLY OFF. She kept trynna edge around so he'd see her and they'd dance, and this foo just rotated the same direction to avoid eye contact. HAHAHAH!! Priceless!

Cousin then ordered hella food! Some beef sigsig, garlic rice, and pork adobo. I didn't eat so I can't comment on the food. But it smelled deiricious! (I know what I typed)

But overall, the place was mad chill. No drama popped off like it usually does at spots around the Bay (I mean, not that I know of. I don't really do the nightcrawler bid. LOL Seriously!) The staff was coo..the only problem was the DJ. He was WHACCCK!! And he kept hoppin on the mic to talk over the music. Wadda doooofus. LOL. So I dropped a star. But still, if you're Filipino or even from Daly City/South City and you're visitin Vegas, this is a decent local spot away that'll make you feel at home and it away from the strip and good for easing into ya evening till the wee AM hours.

Done!
This is one of my very few reviews that don't have any photos, as I usually include visuals with my reviews.

Lookit, here's what happened-We were curious to try their Sisig after hearing other yelpers rave about it.

As we step inside, Loud ass music is blasting away and already I can sense this is not gonna be good. As we're taken to our table, across the room, a wedding is going on!?!?!

Totally felt like wedding crashers, and there was NO WAY we were gonna have a decent meal/conversationn with all these distractions.

As the wedding party got up to do the Electric Slide, we got up and headed for the door and headed next door for cover at China Mama.....ALOHA!!!
The sisig is great along with the nightlife.
Ok atmosphere ... Yeah it needs improvement! But who cares! The food is good here! Plus they got a couple cute workers and the vibe us chill; weather it be karaoke or a club night. For me I just go for the food! Hahaa!
There is only one reason to go to Cafe Moda and that reason is the sisig. I haven't been to Cafe Moda to experience the nightlife. I figure if I want to hear some really bad singing I could go to any Filipino party where they have a Magic Mic. 

The decor definitely needs updating... when you walk in, it's like you're stepping back into the 80's. There's a dance floor and a stage in the middle of the restaurant. The restaurant is rented out sometimes for private parties but they still welcome other patrons even though there is another function going on. The first time I went here, there was a huge family reunion and they were showing videos and a slideshow of that family. It felt like we were party crashers but we made the best of the situation.

I usually order Kare Kare and sisig... both are really good and keep me coming back. If you want to avoid bad karaoke, go when they open, around 5 pm.
went here to celebrate a friend's 40th birthday on the last day of 2010! they had a table of filipino food goodness including a whole roasted pig (lechon)! the restaurant was equipped with a sound system, dj booth, a large dance floor and a full bar! it's a nice place tucked in chinatown of las vegas. nevertheless, i heard the sisig was good here but never had the chance to try it this time around.
The first time I came to Cafe Moda, I was a little skeptical of going in based on the looks of this strip mall. For some reason, this place was poppin'! It was a Night Club, Restaurant, and Karaoke Bar in one! The DJ was pretty good (and I'm picky with my DJ's). They have a pretty good sound system. Karaoke, well, it's open to everyone and not everyone can sing. Best thing about this place: SISIG!!!
For a Cheap fun night we come here.  Drinks are cheap and filipino food is delish.  Random: SUSHI! Filipino food and sushi is kind of good you know!

The DJ, is ok but the karaoke is funny.  It's fun to watch Filipinos (I'm filipino myself) sing Karaoke.  They just make it entertaining.  They always feel like it's the stage of American Idol when in reality they had one too many drinks and one plate too many sisig.

But this is a must stop for me!
I give them 5-stars because they have an all-night kitchen, they're open late, the waitresses are friendly, though a bit pricey the food portions are huge, the liquor/beers are reasonably priced, the dance floor is spacious & well-laid out, often they have a DJ though sometimes someone's singing karaoke (which I loathe) and even on weeknights it can get festive whereas the rest of Chinatown is dead.
The Calamarie is Amazing!
The main complaint first, then a review of everything else.  I attended the birthday party of a nice married couple at Cafe Moda.  They made reservations for up to 12, but for most of the evening, there was only 9 of us.  To seat us all, they had to move two tables for six side by side.  As the night wore on, a large group of people came in, and wanted to sit together.  The solution of the waitstaff was to move our group of 9 to the table of six.  Without telling us a thing, they began to move all the food down to one end of the table, then tried to have us shift down toward the end.  Well, if you can imagine it, some of us were still eating food, and would have to move our plates to where someone else was just eating...no cleaning the spot, nothing.  I don't know what the extra three people were supposed to do in this scenario, it wasn't explained.  Well, at the time I was raising hell about being moved from a table I was eating at because another group arrived and wanted my space, two more from our group arrived, and then we had 11 of the 12 slots filled.  They decided not to move us, but they did communicate to me, that because I was loud (having to complain over loud music, a normal tone of voice would not be heard) they thought of cashing us out and making me leave, at least.  I'm not sure if the intent was to completely ruin someones birthday or not.  Anyway, they made it clear that I was wrong.  Me. The customer.  The guy that was eating food at a table with my friends.  A guy that was ready to pay the bill for the food, table and service.  To their credit, they did not make me leave.  I was informed that they had to change waitresses because I raised a stink.  Clearly, the customer was quite wrong.

Now to review the rest.  The new waitress was capable and attentive.  The music for dancing was fine.  The place had good energy.  I had fun.  I've had the food on four prior occasions, and while I'm not an expert on Filipino food, I've had enough to know that it's the worst of what I have eaten.  Maybe, somewhere, there is a Filipino restaurant with worse tasting food.  When I find it, I'll let you know.  The portions are large, but so is the price.  A quick word about the sisig...I've eaten it, and it's dry and chewy.  That's not how it is served in the Phillipines.  I'm not quite sure what sisig the other reviewers have eaten, but this is just plain bad.  For the adventurous person not deterred by this review, feel free to eat here so long as you are flexible enough to move with your food to another table if someone else wants take your spot.
Nice place to hang out and have a drank on, karaoke, Dj with  a dance floor. The staffs are awesome! The sig sig is out of this world
"You guys wanna go to this place that serves sisig until 4am??"

It was precisely what me & my friends wanted to hear on a Friday night/Saturday morning after being at Vanity nightclub. 

Whaaatt?? Sisig? This late at night? Good lawwd.... Yes, pls. 

It's on the corner of Spring Mountain & Jones a little bit past Chinatown. It's not the most attractive place from the outside but I could care less. The food was great, the service was good and the music was dope. We were tripping out the whole night on where we were, what we were eating and what we were listening to.

This isn't a family restaurant. It's 21 & over... More like Bayanihan in Los Angeles back in the 1990s. Our friend who's a local in LV now, brought us to Cafe Moda and we're so glad he did. We were seated at a big table near the small dance floor. Yes, dance floor... complete with fog machine and cheesy disco lights. Awesome! 

Not too long after we were seated, they brought our table bottles of Red Horse beer and San Miguel beer. Hahaha... Our local friend was familiar with the menu and we let him order everything. My mouth is watering a little bit thinking back on the late night meal we had there... We had sisig which was delicious, served on a sizzling plate and we liberally squeezed calamansi on it to top it off. Yup, mouth still watering... We also had lechon kawali which was cooked perfectly and had the requisite Mang Tomas sauce on the side. I would've been good with multiple orders of those 2 pork dishes but more hits were coming.... We also had calamari, pansit bihon, kare-kare, a whole fried bangus (milkfish), lumpia, etc... All the food was delicious. Granted, anything late that night should taste good but if my still-salivating mouth as i type this is any indication of how tasty our dishes were... well, that should be proof enough.

The music was great. They were playing hip hop and r&b classics. It was a live DJ and he definitely kept the dance floor busy. We arrived around 2am, i think, so I'm guessing there were even more people earlier that night. I heard everything from Wu-Tang, Lauryn Hill, Naughty By Nature, SWV, etc.. So many hits from the golden era of hip hop... And to end the night with their last dance they played Jodeci's Come & Talk To Me remix.... WOW. This is what clubs need to do. Play some damn Jodeci at the end of the night. Everyone would leave the spot so damn happy.... no fighting. Strictly on lovemaking missions. HAHAHA....

Cafe Moda might be too hood for some people especially if you're used to eating on the strip or were expecting a Goldilocks type atmosphere. The place is loud, it's dark, the fog machine is out of control... But the music is on point & the food hits the spot.

Be back to Cafe Moda next time we're in town. Lookin forward to it... Mouth is watering, once again.
My friend and I came here just out of needing something to snack on. She mentioned Cafe Moda had some very good salt and pepper wings. So we took a drive to get some. On arrival, there were a lot of people in and out of the establishment which was good. It indicated that there is something good going on here. Well, walked in and realized it was a Filipino establishment which caught me off guard. I figured I was in for a treat because there is a lot to rave about when it comes to Filipino food. Then again I was only there to snack on some wings. Upon arrival, we sat ourselves at a booth overlooking the dance floor and watched everyone dancing and having a great time. It was a mixed crowd as far as the age goes and everyone was friendly, randomly saying hi and smiling. And that's kind of where the pleasantries ended. The staff was very cold. The waitress took our order of calimari and salt and pepper wings. The salt and pepper wings are to die for and the calimari was cooked perfect. The only problem was the customer service. I had to flag the waitress down as she was sitting at the bar. Asked her for another drink and she kept reiterating to me that there were "no free refills", like i didn't hear her the first time or as if i couldn't afford another cup of sprite. Not sure what that was about. I'm not sure what was going on with the staff but I will give this place another chance in the future. Only because my friend said that The service was good last time she was here. 2 Stars is for the overall customer experience. Sometimes the food can't save bad service.
To all filipino food lovers. Do not go to cafe moda. First, the food is too salty and they don't give you enough. My friend had a birthday party here last night and it was the worst birthday she had. The server ROCKY was very rude and unprofessional, she yelled at the 51 year old birthday girl and threatened her.  She changed their agreement because she thought she could make more money. When we asked for the manager there wasn't one. 
So to all those people planning parties there get your money back and go somewhere else. You'll have a better time @ Dennys.
OK, I've been going to different spots and trying their lechon kawali, chicharon bulaklak, and their sinigang na baboy. Cafe Moda is always on point with these three favorite items of mine. The kawali and bulaklak was freaken amazing! Perfect every time! There is nothing left on the plate whenever we get these niblets of heaven. The last time we ate here, for some reason the sinigang was the best sinigang I've ever had. The chef made it a tad bit more sour than usual and we all looked at each other. Their was nothing left in the bowl when the waiter took the bowl away. 

Quality Filipino food here yallz. I'm never disappointed whenever I have a cheat day from the gym.
Cafe Moda is a Filipino Karaoke bar. They serve a variety of Filipino food as well as their own alcohol concoctions. If you order alcohol, insist on ordering a regular drink (i.e. Vodka tonic, Gin and Tonic, etc.) and not their mixes unless you enjoy fruity drinks that are extremely sweet. Although their names for their drinks are interesting such as the "Piece of Ass" which consists of Amaretto, Southern Comfort, and Sweet and Sour Mix, the mix itself is too sweet for my palette.

Cafe Moda is located in a really busy Asian shopping center. Parking is really scarce during peak hours so you may have to park really far away from this place. This was the case when we arrived in the evening.

The setup of this restaurant/bar was interesting. It is essentially one big open space with tables setup surrounding a dance floor and a stage. The people who are sitting at the tables brazenly gaze at the brave soul singing their heart out. I was expecting separate private rooms for karaoke like Korean karaoke places but alas, this place is not like that at all.

Our table ordered a variety of Filipino dishes. I don't know what the names of the dishes were, but the Filipino dishes tasted decent. However, I ordered ceviche (a Latin delicacy) and was quite disappointed. Lime juice is supposed to cook the ceviche but instead, the shrimp was actually boiled in water! Stick with the Filipino dishes as they obviously do not know how to make ceviche. 

There was a live MC that entertained the karaoke and music portion of the entertainment. Initially, there is ambient music in the background playing the latest dance hits from the club, and suddenly, it transitions into someone's karaoke selection. This pattern continues back and forth. If no one wants to sing, the MC will gladly sing a song to fill the void. In addition, the MC frequently sang duet with other singers too which I though was interesting. I liked that the MC was participating and keeping the party alive. 

After a while, the MC lead the group into dancing the electric slide. It was really odd. The only time I have done the electric slide was various company functions. Hence, if you grew up on the electric slide, you would enjoy this. The patrons mostly consisted of Filipinos who love to sing karaoke.
We went with a large group and ordered a bunch of food for 16 people. The food was overpriced and super salty - probably full of MSG. On top of that they charge per soda !!! (No refills - and they only have Coke/Diet Coke & Sprite).

Neither did they accomodate us with our request for upbeat music - our group were the only people in the place.

We will not be back, that's for sure.

Positives: The calamari is super-yummy and we still had a good time as a group
Love this Place..Friendly people, Love the Kareoke and Dancing... Abit too Loud for Dinner but dont mid..:) Dont know if for Family outing ;never been here during the day, but Great for  Late night weekend....Food, Dancing, &Karaoke
This place is a club that serve dine ins as well where their sisig is just to die for.
I really like the place.  I go on Thursday to the ballroom dance night.  They also have it on Monday I believe.  Also, I have eaten there a number of times and everything is excellent.  Good place for a bithday or party especially if your from the Phillipines.
My half-Filipino-ness loves deep-fried pork goodness from this place such as crispy pata and sisig.  Last Friday, my big sis was craving for some sisig.  I've been to Cafe Moda before and have experienced how loud this place gets at night so I suggested we call in a to-go order.  After trying to talk my sister out of eating here, we ended up eating at the bar since the tables were blocked off for a kid's birthay party (yeah, a kid's birthday party on a Friday night).  

As predicted, the place was obnoxiously loud.  The dj had a thick Filipino accent and was saying stuff like "happy bird day (happy birthday with a Filipino accent)...you guys wanna dance IN the dance PLOR?"    *CRINGE!!!*

The food couldn't come soon enough!  Then the dj started urging people to do karaoke!  OH HELL NO!  The server/bar tender was too busy trying to flirt with every guy there and flipping her hair.  This place is stright up tacky! If I didn't love my sister, I wouldn't have eaten here.  But I'm sure she learned her lesson: call for a to-go order!

But then again, their sisig is the best!  The crispy pata is excellent here too.
What? $8 a shot and almost $15 for a drink?! This aint the strip!

Food is good, very Filipino. Actually, it is Filipino! I always get their sisig. Went here during lent and my religious friends couldn't eat pork. Damn it. So tried the chicken sisig instead, it's still delicious and tastes like pork!

2 stars because of the pricing...come on, I consider this place a dive bar. It ain't that classy! Service is aiiggghht. Drinks are aiiggghht. 

Still, 2 stars. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot!
I just came back from studying from the phil. And i felt like i was back in manila when we went to cafe moda. People singing karaoke and feel of the place brought me back to my college days in manila. As for the food, i personally have had better but it the food was good. The serving sizes are american sizes and the price is just right. Cute and friendly waitress. :) cafe moda is a great place to experience the Philippines in Nevada.
Hang here! Mama Lu will take care of you!

A friend and I came here based on a recommendation from a co-worker last Thursday night. I was a little hesitant to come, since parking at this plaza is usually a nightmare. We found a spot right across from Cafe Moda and walked in. There was a bouncer at the door, no cover, and maybe only 8 people in the entire place. The place is a restaurant by day and a karaoke dance floor/bar at night. Despite the small crowd, I had a blast watching the drunk regulars singing their hearts out on the karaoke machine. We chatted it up with the manager and she told us that everyone calls her Mama Lu. She brought us some Sisig to try with our drinks and it was delicious. She introduced us to the other regular customers and the servers and really made us feel at home. I've decided to make this my friendly neighborhood bar! 

A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
Stop #3 of our Chinatown Crawl...

Café Moda, I upgraded you, but not by much...I still don't see how people are able to eat/conversate while the music is blasting away.....

It was hilarious seeing a couple of fellow Yelpers(names withheld) get down on the dance floor, and didn't even notice us tucked away in the corner  LOL!
Better music selection with more current hits and I hope they got rid of Electric Slide...I surely doubt it though!  ALOHA!!!
Came here to verify that the sisig was as good as everybody claimed it to be. I gotta say that they were spot on. 

Me and the wifey came on a Thursday night at about 9:15. First thing I noticed as we walked in was the blaring music they were playing and people that were dancing ballroom style. For a second I thought we went in through the wrong door because outside it wasn't marked clearly. 

Once we were greeted by the hostess and was led to our table, we weren't too sure if we should eat there or take our food to go. Since we really didn't want to wait til we got home to eat, we decided to tolerate the club style ambiance and ordered it for there. Im kind of glad we stayed because what happened next was really something you cant forget.

We ordered Pork Sisig and Tokwat Baboy. As we were waiting for our order, we were watching all the peeps that were on the dance floor do their thing. Now I wasn't sure if this was a typical Thursday night because upon looking further, we noticed the crowd was a mix of young and old folks. The DJ was playing a mix of fast moving songs from the 60's to today. Didn't matter what he played, everybody on the dance floor did their thing. What really caught my eye was when they played "Gangnam Style". I kid you not I swear I saw at least 2 old ladies that could have been my grandma doing the dance like they were Psy themselves! Wow. Dinner and a show!

So we finally get our food. If you refer to my pics, these two dishes alone could have fed at least 4 people so we knew we were gonna have leftovers for the next day which wasn't a bad thing. Of course we had steamed rice to go along with it so if you think we were gonna eat it just by itself than you are so wrong.

Service was mediocre. Our server came by every so often to check up on us but it seemed like forever in between those times.

The food itself was definitely worth it just going there. Only thing is, I think its a bit pricey. The Sisig was 13 bucks and the Tokwat Baboy was 11 bucks. At some other Filipino places, it was definitely cheaper.

So in my opinion, if you don't mind the loud, blaring music and the out of tune karaoke singers, then eating here should be ok for you. Otherwise, call ahead and get your food to go.
Went here for a party. They already had all the tables set up with plates and water. I don't really like that. From my entrance intro the building, I already had mediocre opinions on this place. Tap water was disgusting! I don't recommend drinking it at all. I don't even think lemons could save this one! Had to drink soda instead because I didn't want any alcoholic drinks. Food was okay. Karaoke was loud, but people seemed to be enjoying it. Bathrooms were not that great - with the foot traffic, they should at least flush adequately. Nope...

Don't think that I'll return anytime.
Ended my early birthday party here at Cafe Moda since we were shooting pool right nearby couple doors down. I never been here before but went too few of the restaurant in this little shopping mall and always thought from the name of more coffee shop. BOY talk about farther from the truth! It more like club at night. They do serve food but really here too dance the rest of the night away or look at other people getting their grove on. My first impression was I know not no strip club so not expect all the glamour or high tech stuff. They still have dg that was playing all the current catchy songs too some old ones. The place is pretty dark dark and if looking too meet someone good luck, You need night vision goggles too find them. Since low ceiling the place can get fairly loud so conversations need too shout in the ear. (really is it that much difference then club on the strip?). The drinks price I thought was fair but too be honest not much of club club person. I believe they take song requests and certain nights they have karaoke most nights?? The dance floor is actually decent size for the small location. Once it gets packed really hard too find table area so want hang out all night best too get there early. Cafe Moda definitely has its own personality and if looking too mix things up get away from the strip club or the cover charge Cafe Moda great choice. I would go get my grove on here again.
Put your hot shoes on because this place knows how to party! I have never tried Filipino food before until now. Nothing says fun like great food, drinks and music. On some nights its karaoke night and other nights its top 40. Aside from the restaurant side, there is also a full bar. Never have I ever been to a place like Cafe Moda before, I never knew it was such a exciting place to be. They have a huge dance floor in the center of the room to let loose and dance the night away. I also hope you love line dancing ;) !
Updated review: I came here to celebrate my bday with some friends and coworkers (who I trust, shame aint it? lol). I knew what I wanted to eat, Sisig! The food is delish. Ok, one would think with regular ol soda there would be refills right? Boy, was I wrong. Majoring in culinary arts, that's the one thing I learned in purchasing, sodas are the only thing that really dont hurt a business, everything else? yeah. 
Of course I sang a few songs. 

Negative: Small dessert section. Charging extra for refills. Oh if you go as a group and have your check split, Dont count on it. 

I did have a good time at the place, but its rather frustrating to have an establishment not to bend a lil. I mean what are they, AZ when it comes to the new law?

anywho, I have yet to find a good karaoke asian place on the east side o town.
After 2 years of trying to come here late night, I finally made it on a chill Sunday night out.  Drais always wins for the after party...lol.  But, FINALLY, I got to try the infamous sisig that my (once local) BFF raves about....and it did not disappoint.  YUM!  The hot, crunchy sisig here is the bomb.com....and that's sober!  I can only imagine after a night of drunken dancing.  It can get a little salty after awhile, but that comes with the filipino deep-fried food territory.  The lechon kwali is also delish and packs a crunch, which I'm all about!  

All in all, this place is great for food.  It also is/turns into a club for dancing and hosts karaoke...super random, but I can see how it would be a spot for locals or anyone who is over the strip.  Sketchy area, but I will def be back...for food and maybe a song if I ever choose to come here over drai's one night...
I m not filipino but I luv their sisig, it s so good and I want to say it s the best sisig in town
I was duped!!!! Lack of karaoke. DJ talks too much. If I wanted to go to a club, I'd have gone to one. The food is the saving grace.
sisig is good but the service sucks and they have NO refills...i know it's a Filipino bar but seriously this is NOT the fckn Philippines! quit being CHEAP!
best karaoke sound system in town!  Sunday through Thursdays are great days to go if you like to sing. Friday and Saturday of you like to dance. they have a club like feel and good people here that work.
If you like ballroom dancing, then this is the best place for a party.  Had a party last week, great time, good food, lots of fun.
Reminded me of my mother and grandmother. Filipino reunion for the win! I love courgars!!!
nice!
It's loud here. Don't come here thinking you can quietly eat and actually enjoy your meal. And hopefully you do not get the corner seat which consists of a coffee table and a sofa or folding chairs which is conveniently located behind the blasting speakers. 
The food gets two extra bonus stars because it's good.
It's a great place to come if you are craving sisig late at night.  Hands down I think they have the best sisig.  I believe you can order it in pork or chicken.  It's perfect with steamed rice and that alone hits the spot.  They have moderately priced drinks, and friendly enough servers.  I almost hesitated to give it three stars because I didn't like the ambience in there.  It feels small and  It's not for me but I would go back for the sisig.
Jackrabbit Supper Club, Scottsdale's newest swanky place-to-be, has a crowd to be envied. With the perfect mix of beautiful people, great music and flowing alcohol, Jackrabbit's nights are becoming better and better with time. And on the hour, every hour, Jackrabbit presents a sexy burlesque show, featuring Arizona's hottest ecdysiasts (you'll have to check out jackrabbitaz.com to find out what those are). The girls are endearingly known as White Chocolate, Dallas, Charlie, Loo Loo and Sophie; and this is far from amateur hour. JR also has a band that mixes things up from time to time, in between the musical stylings of resident DJ DJ Mikyl, who has mixed at places such as SIX as well. To learn more about JR's history, bottle service, menu and more, check out JackrabbitAZ.com, a sultry website with lots of info. One of the best club experiences of my life!
Jackrabbit is ok, which is pretty good, in my book. 

First off, I should confess, my band had played earlier that night and for that reason I had consumed a few cocktails, but I was by no means out of control. 

It was late when we wheeled into Jackrabbit and coughed up our requisite $10 entrance fee. Drinks were expensive, not outrageous, but not cheap by any means either, especially considering you're paying just to put a foot in the door. 

I didn't catch any of the entertainment since it was very crowded but I was pleasantly surprised by the flow of traffic. There is a nice little outdoors area and the separation between rooms facilitates walking and mingling. 

Contingent upon the crowd on any given night, this place could be packed with thirty thousand dollar millionaires or the more modest variety of Scottsdalers, just out to have a good time and be entertained.
The layout of Jackrabbit is similar to the Pussycat lounge.  It is one big room with a stage in front with a bar in front of the stage.  There is a live band that comes on when a dancer comes out.  The dancers movements are wild, erotic, and violent.  There is another bar right when you come in to your right.  a small crowded patio area with several private tables.  The music was pretty good.  Drinks were the usual $8 or whatever they are at a place like this.

I guess what is important is whether I would go back or not and I would say that I wouldn't frequent this place unless a bunch of my friends wanted to go there.
While Scottsdale's Jackrabbit Supper Club is Britney Spears-approved -- the pop singer made the rounds last December when she reportedly made out with Arizona Cardinals hottie Matt Leinart -- it's a little too clubby for my taste. The music is usually loud, making it hard to carry on a conversation and nearly everyone looks like they stepped out of the pages of a fashion magazine. Oh, and be prepared to throw down more than the norm for drinks -- martinis are $13! If all of this isn't scaring you away, you'll probably have a good time. And the best part? The bar offers hourly burlesque-style performances from the club's saucy dancers.
Jackrabbit was the perfect place to host tryouts for the Lingerie Bowl last Saturday.  My first time in there, my 20 closest friends and I had a great time until it got so ridiculously, insanely packed.  ASU is now back in session so I'm thinking thats why literally ever bar I set foot in that night was a madhouse.  But if Jackrabbit is always this full, I dont see myself going back.  

Drinks seemed par for Scottsdale ($10+ each), as was the bar in general.  Set up a lot like PCL, its basically a big room where everyone stands around playing grab-ass with flirty co-eds.  Want to pick the people who grab your ass?  Opt for one of the VIP booths on the sides of the dance floor and you'll feel less like youre in a meat market.  But not entirely.

Cover was a pricey $20 for guys the night I went and ladies are free always I believe.  The burlesque dancers every hour were a night change from the amatures on platforms at Devils or the go-go girls at Axis.
Jackrabbit is what makes Scottsdale inferior to most other city nightlife. Most people consider JR one of the "hotspots" in Scottsdale, In actuality, the owners ripped this idea off Forty Deuce (original is in LA and then Vegas). It's the same concept: burlesque dancers that dance on stage every hour with a bar. Very original. 

Yes, it's a decent spot. If you don't get a table, then you're SOL standng up cramped with no where to move. But then again, they charge vegas prices for tables. Sad thing, people actually pay for it. 

But, it's the same old Scottsdale scene. I think there are people that rotate going to JR, PCL, Six and Dirty Pretty every week. I'll take my out of town friends here, but other than that, I try to avoid this place.

Although I respect other people's opinions, I can't believe S. Izzo's review that this place is the one of the best experiences of his life? It's a rip off of another place. S. Izzo, you must surely work at JR. That is the only rationale I have (well that and the shameless plug to the JR's website and knowing the waitresses name).
This is a club -- not a lounge, or supper club.

I was drugged and dumped here by friends a few months ago (Fri, around 10pm)...

It is too loud, too packed, and drinks cost too much. I am certainly not one of the "beautiful people" who belongs here...

Good luck!
I love going out. One definition of an extrovert that I heard recently is that your batteries are recharged by being around other people. You don't need alone time. That's pretty much me. The idea that I just need to chill out and be by myself is a totally foreign concept. But I've heard enough people talk about it that it must be real. 

So that said, you would think I would love this place. It offers the most Jack-rasses Scottsdale has to offer per square foot. Last time I was there, which was very recently, I played some crazy human tetris to get back to the bar to pay my tab. I bumped into 84 pairs of fake boobs, which is not really a complaint, 500 asses, of which only 321 were women, and I pretty much was sweating like a seagull on fire on the 4th of July, which ruined my perfectly coifed and excessively huge hair. I paid $20 to get in. I said "Twenty. Fucking. Dollars." You should have seen the look on the face of the money-taker. Apparently, she thought it was totally reasonable. $50 for 5 drinks. I didn't cuss at the bartender. 

Now, it's not all bad. The burlesque dancers' asses are sublime. A true delight. Coconut creme pie for my eyes. Some super hot girl kept staring me down. I would have talked to her if not for the music that requires screaming over and the fact that it would have taken me 20 minutes to get to her and she probably would have been gone and the women I was there with probably would not have appreciated it. And the music wasn't bad. 

That said, do your wallet, your senses, your sense of space, your intelligence, and your friends a favor and go somewhere else.
I hesitate to review because I hesitate to relive the experience, but...

Prop up your silicone and enjoy the hot mess that is Jackrabbit.

The 'stars that could have been' breakdown (in chronological order of the evening...):

#1) Nothing says classy VIP and bottle service like faux-strippers...

#2) Everyone loves a Mr. Ed smile on a server right? (just go, you'll see...)

#3) Is that a man or a woman?...Best shimmy spotting evah. (ladies, really? come on)

#4) MILF's livin' the dream...need I say more?

#5) You mean Astroglide doesn't count as lip-gloss?...square.

No, seriously, one star because I L'dMFAO...
If, however, you are planning on leaving your "make-the-best-of-it" attitude at home...I'd suggest another venue.
Why did I kinda have fun here the other night, when typically I hate scottsdale clubs? Cause I didn't expect much and I was with a bunch of fun girls for a bachelorette party.  

When we first arrived a manager came out and tried to sell us VIP seating that came with a $400 bottle, ya right. Who falls for this crap? The VIP area was not really that special and the $400 bottle of vodka for 15 girls probably would last like 5 seconds. Please. 

I did actually like the decor though, but the crowd is what will keep me from coming back. 

Oh ya, there is a burlesque dancer who comes out once an hour, pretty cool, although I could see that novelty wearing off fairly quickly.
I'm not a club kinda girl, but I find myself at Jackrabbit when I find myself in Downtown Scottsdale.  I was introduced to it by a friend who's a regular and so I have always had a good time.  

Pro's:  
-Burlesque dancers who can actually dance.  No cheesy go-go dancers in big furry boots and boy-shorts, these girls have moves.  I recently saw a belly dancer perform before a fashion show and she was incredible!  I get bored easily, so just when I don't feel like dancing anymore the music switches to live musicians and some girls come out to entertain.    
-The patio, especially in the winter.  Good place to lounge and cool off. 
-The music is pretty good too. 

Con's:  
-It gets pretty sweaty in there!  
-Not enough places to sit down unless you have a VIP booth. 
-Expensive drinks, but that is to be expected.  I don't really understand complaining about the drink prices, it's no more expensive than similar places in the area and better priced than my favorite place in LA.  It's a necessary evil.

Bottom line: 
I like this place far better than other clubs in Scottsdale, but give me some vodka and I can pretty much have fun anywhere!
Jackrabbit "Stupid" Club...Ok for starters, the doormen are jerks. To  girls, boys, men, women, nice people, mean people, meat heads, sluts, small bunnies and other cute little fuzzy creatures.... JERKS.  Total snobbish meat heads demanding a cover to go in a bar where the music sounds like a low budget wedding reception. Even though Arizona is just a dry, hot and dusty place with no natural resources, people that hang in places like "Jackrabbit" are often snobbish and think they are extremely prestigious because they show up in outfits they shopped for all day trying to look like a coked up kid rock.... Inevitably they always end up with there panties around their ankles throwing up in a bathroom the size of a lunch pail with a mean poor person selling gum and smokes while trying to charge you to wipe your hands...

The bartenders always charge a different amount and could care less about making friends. When the hoochies come out to do their little show they basically push everyone and their drinks off the bar and sound off the fog horns. Out comes a few anorexic girls that dance around on the bar, clearly thinking they poop roses and fart sunshine....If you like songs like Charles in charge and YMCA in the middle of a house music set than this is the place to be.

Make sure you cash your paycheck because they are for sure charging you a cover...male OR female.

The only cool thing about this place is the wallpaper.
Ok folks, I usually am not a scottsdale girl.  I usually enjoy a dive bar at happy hour or my parents house (love you mom and dad!) But I have to say I had a blast here!! I was there to help with a Jon Ric Fashion Show and had the time of my life.  

Our server was so cute! she was always right there to make sure we had ice, our bottle, and mixers.  Plus I don't remember seeing a dirty glass EVER at our table! I'm a server and that is not easy to do.  So good job staff.  

The dancers were great and the music was so varied! there really was something for everyone.  I would go back again in a heart beat!
Typical Scottsdale.. yes..it is..BUT, It does make for a good next day of stories, right? But I cant really go lower than a 3 with Jackrabbit.. Had a table.. a couple bottles of Belvedere Vodka.. and the works..it was my friends bday so the spikey haired waiter brought some decent champagne.. and then another later, but it was pink.. and we thought, not. Burlesque theme is def different..and even though Im a girl, I thought the dancers were good... mixes up the venue and the night.. and they are actually were so artistic.. we girls were staring as much as the guys in our group.. a tacky in between... some over intox wannabes got on the stage, the pole, the curtains, even and the staff allowed that for a good 20minutes before plucking their drunk asses off the stage... gross.. at least be a pro and have a rockin body before you get up there and try to turn your 2am'r on.. haha! But fun to watch..for us that arent that brave or that rockin!  Looked a bit packed for the non-VIP area... and getting to the restroom is tricky its so jammed.. Im not sure in this economy you need all the VIP tables, which for a Saturday nite were about 1/4 occupied.. place is a bit too tight for all the tables.. 
Im sure the drinks at the bar are typically priced... beyond the decor, which I loved... the clientele and place defineately is.. just typical...
The appeal of Jackrabbit is wearing out really fast.  A year or two ago, I was really excited about Jackrabbit all the time.  The bar was cool inside, the patio was pretty awesome place to chill out and they were different.  They had club music, but would break it up almost every 30-45 minutes (or so it seemed in a drunken haze) with some live music and a sexy dancer that would give you an old school strip tease.  The place had sex appeal, yet they weren't cocky about it.  They were the spot, but they didn't have to be a dick to prove it.

Jackrabbit was unique, a place that was different from all the other knock offs of the original "lounge" locations like 6.  The crowd was great, and you either had to get their super early, know someone with a connection, or tip the bouncer a hefty fee (not sure that ever worked though, as I saw them turn down $500 bucks and a AmEx black card at the door one night) to get inside.  Either way this was the spot.  It was old town hanging on to the strong economic growth of the Valley through 2007, and people spending money like it was growing on trees (because it was).  This place was a 5.  No better place in old town to go.  A true place to see (celebs, athletes, and top business men) and be seen.

Then the economy hit hard, and the people slowly started to give back their million dollar houses, their Range Rover, and the diamond ring that they never truly could afford.  This is when the magic at Jackrabbit started to disappear.  Chill hang out bars started to become the norm, rather than dark spendy lounges.  No longer was the night filled with bottles of Goose and Crystal to celebrate a birthday.  Nope, people started opting for a pony keg at American junkie, or a fish bowl at Drift, or a few beers at their local dive.

I still hold out that Jackrabbit will continue to be the best spot in Old Town.  In fact, every once in a while I pop my head in and remember the "good ole days".  They certainly are hanging in there.  Hopefully some day soon the economy will turn around, the bottles of champagne will be popping once again, and the unique atmosphere of a truly original lounge will be packed wall to wall once again.
This place is terrible. Hot mess, indeed.
Eewww. I don't like being in a room where it's standing room only, unless you shell out big bucks to sit in a booth. Mediocre guy candy unless you like short guys in Affliction or douche bags in pinstripes. Alas, that seems to be much of Snottsdale these days. I guess I'm a dive bar kinda gal.  I'll save my skanky dresses for Vegas :)
Went into this place the other day!! OMG what a frickin joke. They had some weird circus sex thing goin on...some boney freaky drugged out dancers in circus gear.  BARF. There was about two people in there. The DJS ALWAYS suck, this clearly should be flattened out into an empty warehouse, loose the bling or whatever you were "trying" to do, get a badass techno DJ like Donald Glaude or Tiesto, put in a booming sound system, cheap drinks and amazing lighting and START OVER. The door guys were dicks to people for so long it finally caught up with them. DONT CHARGE A COVER, YOUR CLUB LOST IT ALONG TIME AGO, TIME TO RE-BUILD. Take notes from Cream.
4 star review for Friday nights @ Jackrabbit.

I had never been to Jackrabbit before so I can't speak for how it used to be, but Friday nights are very nice. The crowd is a sophisticated mix of urban professionals and the music is hip hop/r & b. The cover is an affordable $10 and they have 2 bars. The atmosphere reminded me of lounges in Chicago which being a Chicago native was right up my alley. If the thought of spending another Friday night @ Myst avoiding the hood crowd, please make your way to Jackrabbit as you won't be disappointed.
Jillian's is pretty much the only place in the hunk of junk known as Neonopolis to ever have anyone in it, and it's easy to see why.  Its appeal is pretty universal.  It's a restaurant, giant arcade, bowling alley, bar, music venue and dance club all rolled in to one - however, everything in one place doesn't always mean it's awesome.  I've had some good times at Jillian's, but if I'm hanging out downtown it's not my top choice of places to go.

I ate here once with my ex-husband, and although he left the bad taste in my mouth, the food was pretty good.  It's your typical, American, Apostrophe S restaurant cuisine.  The arcade is fun, but it's no measure to Dave and Buster's (why don't we have one of THOSE?  jeez!).  The bowling is fun, that's for sure.  It's a little more expensive than other alternatives like Sam's Town or the Gold Coast, but they have groovy balls and blacklit lanes all the time and I'm a nerd for things like that.  Also, my friend Ryan fell asleep on one of the bowling benches and they let him sleep there.  (I guess that's a plus if it's a tired friend, not so much if it's one of the transient population of downtown.)  The bar is a bit pricey and doesn't have much in the way of pizazz and the DJ and dance floor are notoriously lame.  Lots of local bands and some touring acts play here from time to time.  I've never gone to one of those shows and, frankly, I'm kinda baffled as to where they set them up.

One of my ex-boyfriends once tried to get frisky in one of the banquet rooms.  I'm not that kind of a girl and it smelled like salad dressing, so I passed.  But if that's your bag, there's always that possibility.
I participated on a panel at the Amplify Music Festival, and this is where it took place.  Jillian's is recognizable as a variety of the "Dave and Buster's" genre- video games with booze, you know?  

I'm not an afficianado of he genre- skee ball is for kids, aight?  But I did spend an enjoyable Vegas afternoon here on their indoor bowling alley.  They manufactured a decent white russian; while the pizza and nachos we ordered were TERRIBLE!!!

They also have a live music venue downstairs- that is probably what sets Jillian's apart from other Dave and Buster's type places.  I didn't actually go to a show there, so I can't review that aspect.

The video games looked like a tossed off after thought- nothing that looked interesting- except for the white water rafting game(?!?) that looked interesting

The decor is reminscent of your standard TGIF.
Oh Jillians...

what an experience.

As we were winding down from our big day on the strip we decided to check out Fremont Street....wow....what a change in pace ad scenery. 

Jillian's is similar to (but not as cool as) a Dave & Busters.

We bowled under a black light and drank cocktails which was pretty cool.
oh! what to do in a city where there's so MUCH to do?
where do most of the locals in Vegas hang out? 
Skee Ball and hot dudes offering to teach you how to handle a ball.
Pool tables for you to reach over ever so sexily to hit that cue. 

i love Jillian's in Seattle. my local buddies and my crew from LA attending someone's birthday party. this location is pretty average. the scene is pretty laid back- but the local men here are completely prowling for fresh meat. you can almost feel the desperation.
This place has a great atmosphere with lots of big screen TV's, only 4 boothes but lots of seating, a large arcade, a bowling alley & pool hall. PLUS on weekends they have live ROCK shows for ALL ages. The food is very reasonably priced. The menu is pretty limited to bar food though. The service is kinda iffy, the y were very friendly when we arrived but once we got our food we never saw them again so NO refills or anything else. We had to track the waitress down to pay the check so we could leave. The Chicken wrap was excellent very tasty & fresh. The beef & cheese sandwich was good but quite messy you had to eat it with a fork since it was soggy. The onion rings were terrific but could have used some kind of dipping sauce. The lager was great smooth & crisp with good alcohol content.Their own brew. Overall is was quite good but service was a little lacking considering their were only 3 other patrons in the place. I would recommend it as a good place to eat when in downtown Las Vegas
I can't believe it's really over. I was reluctant to believe Phillip C. but when I saw it with my own 2 eyes it nearly brought me to tears. Other than the 99 cent deep fried twinkies & oreos at Mermaids there really was no other reason to go downtown except Jillian's-IT will be missed. Especially the concerts.
This was one of the best concert venues in Las Vegas. I miss Jillian's. Just like someone else said. Its kinda like Dave and Busters. Hope something else opens up just like Jillians.
Bar Smith, a sleek and urban find in downtown Phoenix is fabulana. Reminds me of many a haunts you'd find me (drooling and slouched over the bar) in Manhattan. First time there we sat at the bar with a friendly, yet overly informational, bartender. He basically revealed who on the staff had been fired and why (oh my, drug use you say...unheard of in the restaurant business!), how the owners don't pay well...blah blah blah. He was however helpful and knowledgeable with the menu. John had a burger that was meaty and juicy (like his first girlfriend in middle school back in Jersey he says), Monika had a chicken sandwich while I was daring and had a fish (I believe cat) sandwich. Mine was great, I would skip the cheese next time as it takes over the mildness of said fish. We enjoyed an app of sausage fondue....scarey good. So good you don't care if your friend says there's a string of cheese dangling from your lip to nipple, you just want to keep on eating. Second time we all went, I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and that was very flavorful and tender. A/C wasn't always up to speed and I found myself dabbling my brow quite a bit. How positively unseemly!! But seriously, a great, great place...ya'll should head down there tonight!
Bar Smith is what you'd get if you crossed the Merc Bar with a house party. The downstairs portion of the bar is swanky and low-lit, with a DJ tucked away in the corner. The crowd is young and has been infiltrated by the college types, streaming in from the new ASU dormitories about a mile away. It is a place where you'd feel encouraged to wear a collared shirt and your expensive jeans, but it is still Phoenix, so no pressure. The upstairs portion of it is really wonderful... it's open air, so in the cooler months, I imagine it will be wildly popular. Many couches and ottomans are strewn about, perfect for gathering. I'm pretty sure you're going to hate me for even mentioning this part during the most disgusting months of the year, but there's a fireplace up there, too (some time this year, your ire for this fireplace will morph into an uncontrollable urge for "cozy"... just wait). 

I really like Bar Smith, and I think it's a great addition to the downtown scene; just watch your drinks.
Saturday Nights

Long time Phoenix house music scene innovators Pete 'Supermix' Salaz and Sean 'Senbad' Badger do a bad-ass Saturday night house music event called Solstice, upstairs on the roof area. It doesn't really get kicking until 10:30. If any of you have been around, you'll have heard of the infamous, long running Red Monkey and Chupa parties. These are the guys who made this stuff happen back in the day. I've never been there any other time. 

What I'm saying is that if you are into house music, don't even bother going to Scottsdale. Now, Scottsdale is many things, and I like Scottsdale, but let's face it. House Music has soul. Downtown Phoenix has soul. Scottsdale? Not the most soulful place I can think of. If you're looking for the house music underground in AZ, you just found it. The crowd is pretty diverse for a club type event -  a mix of straight, gay, white, black, latino 20's and 30's, all smiling dancing together under the open sky on the roof. That may sound corny to the uninitiated, but if you're into house music... you know that's the real vibe. 

I can say though that the food served downstairs is great, think upscale type bar food.

Logistics:

Parking  is problematic, because there's some douchebag club next door. It's downtown Phoenix and there are homeless people etc around. There's also a lot of foot traffic, so it's pretty safe. Still, if you don't want to drive around looking for somewhere to park, then don't - park across the street for $10. Your best way to get there is from Washington and 7th St since Washington is 1 way. Bar Smith will be on the right, parking on the Left. 

Don't forget your dancing shoes! You could be a wallflower, but why?
Every third Thursday of the month (or so), this fabulous group meets and drinks and vents about their work load and the many ignoramuses (or is it ignoramii) they work with, while handing you their business card with a "call me." No it's not a dating service, it's Az Media Buzz, spearheaded by none other than network spearheading extraordinaire, Joel.

Anyway, the last time Az Media Buzz had a get-together, it was held at Bar Smith, tucked away in the middle of downtown, somewhere on Washington. The management extended their happy hour prices to the Az Media Buzz folks up to 8 p.m. (instead of the usual 7 p.m.) AND (the important part), they provided free appetizers, three chafing dishes full...and the group didn;t even ask for it! Now that was extra-special.

I personally didn't order any food because...well, I wasn't hungry. I was more "thirsty" if you get my drift. So for me to review them for their food would not be appropriate.

Instead, please allow me to review their service. I was lucky enough to meet the manager, this cute and compact Latino man wearing what looked to be a fauxhawk. I approached him,held out my hand, and gave him my sincerest thanks for hosting the group and providing free appetizers (what media person doesn't appreciate that?) to the group. His response to me was: "O my goodness, I've been meaning to go over to your table and say HI but you were kinda intimidating."

Bwahahaha! To that I say: "Honey, I ain't intimidating...I'm only 5 feet tall! I don't bite. I may be loud as heck, but I am as friendly as any politician running for president right now!"

How sweet of him to even confess that? He gave me his card and gave me a quick tour of the place, and explained where the artwork on the walls are from. He informed me that they serve lunch and that I should give it a try, and for his friendliness, I will! 

Kudos to that lovely manager for his one-on-one with customers.

Now, about my waiter/bartender--DALE. Red-head, already a plus in my book. The guy conversed with me a little bit (in-between serving the Buzz people) about Sol y Sombra chef's new restaurant OverEasy (which apparently was visited by some Yelpers and I wasn't invited...whatever!!!). He was definitely a friendly guy who mixed up some refreshing vodka collins for little ol' me the right way. He encouraged me to visit the rooftop bar, and I did. (That spot is perfect for a small to medium sized party on a balmy spring evening, I must say.) Dale was an absolute doll!

I see a lot of potential for this place...the employees are good people it seems. I have to stop by for lunch, though, so I can review them for their food. Bur for now, I am reviewing their service and the people and for that I give them 5 stars!

And I feel awful for Abbey having a bad experience, but I think that they just switched management, and things seem to be for the better. Ask for Mr. Madrigal next time...he's super-duper nice.
I kind of feel like a dick giving this place such an "low" rating because out of the two times i've been here, one of them was an absolute blast and the other time i wish i was dead.  

So, a fair rating would be more like a 2.5

The Good:  They have the coolest spot on the Washington drag, complete with rooftop patio that is completely urban and when CityScape comes to fruition will be the ultimate place to view it.  

The Bad:  However, the owners have completely missed what their target rooftop market should be, and "dumbed" this place down with awful DJs and a projection screen ... not to mention an completely forced "VIP room", which seems more like a holding cell than somewhere to put the local celeb dorks that frequent this place.  

The Good:  The decor and design.  The interior is very classy

The Bad:  Their current clientle has completely missed the point.  Tuck in your fucking shirt, or don't, but do it with some fucking style.  You look like shit and you're making this fine bar with some massive potential look like a dive.  

The Good:  They have a DJ

The Bad:  He plays bad Hip Hop/Rap.  I don't mean that i hate Hip Hop.  The exact opposite, actually.  He just plays all the horrible shit.  Would it kill you to update your selection from "irrelevant" to "marginal"?  How about going beyond that to some indie hip hop like Spank Rock, Handsome Boy Modeling School, M.I.A., or Ohmega Watts?  How about something everyone knows dispersed in there, like Common, Jurassic 5, Lupe, Nas, or OutKast?  The music upstairs is straight up boring.  

The Good:  You can have a fantastic time here with all of your friends

The Bad:  You need ALL OF THEM there to make this possible
I went to Bar Smith in February with a cousin and a few friends while I visited AZ.  I'm From Los Angeles and was very impressed with the music at Bar Smith.

First time I came here was on a Saturday night. The DJ's were spinning heat ALL night [3 were on deck taking turns], from old school/classic hip hop , from pharcyde to pete rock cuts and everything in between AND ASIDE!...even to that good ol jiggy but not too much, it was all good. I even had to take a moment to shake one of the dj's hand and give him praise for a fresh set he pulled off.  I don't think there was a time I stopped dancing other then when I went upstairs for a moment [nice up top on the deck and really crowded but I preferred the vibe/music downstairs] I didn't do any severe drinking but that was okay since I was so pumped to dance, which means it had to really be cracking. We all had an amazing time.

 Next time I go out to AZ I'll definitely be hitting Bar Smith again and who knows, maybe I'll see that grade A breed I saw the first time but without a girlfriend  ;)
5 stars for the rooftop patio, 4 stars for downstairs.

For one night I was given an honorary hipster status at Bar Smith.   We met a local DJ Joe Dipavora and his lady friend and chatted with them for a while,  Joe was treated like royalty and everyone kept coming over and talking to him.  So I think I met like 20 other DJ's from here in the phoenix area.

The roof top at about 40' x 60' is small, so you're gonna be standing shoulder to shoulder all night.  But that is a good thing because you'll be with tons of other hipsters all feeling the groovy house music.

The two bartenders on the rooftop deck were able to take care of everyone so no service problems.

Downstairs the music was more danceable and hip-hoppy, and you could even join in one of the break-dance circles and show off your moves.

See I have no moves so I just bounced around to the cool music upstairs all night.

This place is awesome, such a cool vibe, cool music, and cool rooftop location.
Bar Smith has become quite a happening hot-spot in Downtown Phoenix. Several months ago, it was typically vacant and yet it oozed potential. Upstairs is where you want to be, but even then - it wasn't drawing much of a crowd. Now, it seems to be living up to its potential. I went here again tonight for Solstice (hosted by Tondra D.) which is held every Saturday and involves DJs, dancing, artists, and alcohol. 

Downstairs is a 3 star affair and upstairs is a 5. Solstice really sells the place though... perhaps too well as it's very crowded by the time midnight rolls around. It's a bit of an eclectic scene, so I'm not sure what they're going for. I think it's because downstairs draws a different crowd and they feel compelled to wander upstairs to check it out. 

Drink prices are a little high if you ask me, and the bathrooms aren't nice enough (or large enough) to warrant an attendant, yet there he is - handing me a towel and offering me gum and cologne and expecting a tip. Dude - you got to watch me piss... there you go... you're welcome.

My least favorite part about this bar though is trying to park downtown. I do think it's a cool place. I definitely like it better when it's not as busy, but Solstice on Saturdays is a great event if you like dancing elbow to elbow to great music on the rooftop patio under the stars.
Bar Smith has great sandwiches for lunch, and a nice rooftop bar open most evenings. Be warned, the place smells like a raw sewer burst open. Hang out for about 15 minutes, and your nose will get used to it and stop noticing. There really isn't anything special about the place, but everything is good. I always have had my eyes on the enormous bottles of grey goose above the bar.

UPDATE - 6-20-08:

Went in last friday to meet up with a friend. He had been there since 4:30 in the afternoon, and now it was 10pm so as you can imagine he was too drunk to really know his surroundings. I walked up and they were frisking everyone who went through the door, and took one look at me and said go ahead... lol. The girl tried to charge me a cover, which I denied and went ahead and went in anyway, as I was not planning on staying longer than what it took to get my buddy out of there. I went in and it was a friggin thug fest. Every Cholo, Ese, and Heina in Phoenix was there. I was the only white guy in the place. It felt very unsafe, even for a guy who grew up in the hood. I will never go back there as long as they are advertising to and accepting this type of clientele. It's unsafe, unsophisticated, and downright embarrasing. 

ONE STAR!
I've never been there at night, just for lunch and happy hour. I've never seen the place busy so on service I am going to give it two thumbs up. The servers are helpful and kind. The bartenders will chat with you and comment on the game with you. 

The happy hour drinks are a good price, 3 dollars for wells and 2.50 for beer. And the wells are strong, I've had to ask for more tonic because the bartender was a little too giving, which really isn't a bad thing. They have specials on drinks almost every night of the week, shots, mixed drinks whatever, which is awesome. 

The food, haven't been disappointed yet. I've had the smoke turkey sandwich, the bread was a little tough, but it had fresh herb lettuce and brie cheese which was wonderful. Also the jerk chicken on flat bread is to die for, especially, if you are looking for something light. The salads are amazing and come with either steak or tuna, both are tasty. 

For entertainment they have a couple of flat TVs at the bar area. On various afternoons they have live music, usually a fusion of hip-hop/R&B. They also have fantastic Djs that mix just about everything. 

Overall its a great relaxed place, for nightlife I heard its one of the best, so maybe one of these nights I'll stop being old and go out :)
Bar Smith, you mediocre bar my friend. There's 3 good things I liked about you on a Saturday night. 1. 4 of us got in for the price of 1 because cover charging makes no sense ($7), 2. You played Wu-Tang, son and 3. Rooftop bar. The 3 things I didnt like, 1. You're extremely way too dark when there's an abundance of latina juiciness all throughout the main (hip hop) floor. 2. Bathroom attendant, why? 3. Put my drink in a rocks glass, not a plastic SOLO cup. Head to the roof and you're a cool, compact club scene. Almost too compact, especially when you have breakdancers taking up the joint. Check it out if you're scratching that uncontrollable itch called herpes.... I mean Old Town Scottsdale.
We went on a Friday night a few weeks ago to celebrate my birthday after a rough week of work. There was a $10 cover charge for everyone...WHAT?? The downstairs decor was sleek and sophisticated...I thought, this place has promise and it almost made me forget about the cover charge. We got drinks and shots at the bar (friends paid so not sure what the drink prices were like) and then decided to check out the upstairs. On a busy night, you can't just go upstairs. You have to wait in line and then when people come down, they will let people in line up. Luckily the wait wasn't that long.

Once we got upstairs, it was completely packed with people. We fought our way through the crowd and snagged some spots along the railing so we could people watch the line at PHX next door. The music that was played that night was good (lots of rap and hip hop). The oddest thing about the roof was that they were projecting crappy MTV shows (i.e. "The X Effect") onto the brick wall. I thought it was weird personally.

I think I need to go check out Bar Smith on a weeknight and when I do, I will make sure to update my review.  For now, 3 stars for a chick fight as we were leaving and guys checking me out and asking me to stay as I made my way toward the door with my husband in tow.
I've been here twice, both on Saturday nights. One time to see friends from L.A. spin extremely sick old school hip hop downstairs. The second to hear house music upstairs. 

The layout of the place is cool. There's a lot of seating and room to dance downstairs. The upstairs has a nice sitting area with a couple of couches and two bars. What I really like about the place is it has a nice eclectic mix of people. That's very refreshing for Phoenix, seriously. It's also nice to have found good electronic music with a good crowd, that's there for the music and to dance.

The upstairs does get packed but there was a pretty big circle of dancers going all night, which made the cramped quarters not seem so bad, getting to watch them all get down. That's something I haven't seen since I left L.A. and it made my night. The sound system upstairs is music to the ears and the bartenders also were amazingly fast considering they were packed. 

I really like this place. It makes me happy. I'll go back
Wow.  Refreshing!  Great house music, packed, great upstairs outdoor deck.  I haven't experienced something like this in Phoenix in... well.. ever!  Classy without pretension and the people come to get down!  I'll definitely be back!
On Thursdays, it's also a happening spot. 

DJ's Mara and Brazilia take the decks upstairs and spin a mix of electro, funk, old school rap, and whatever. Mara is a short, cute, hispanic lesbian who has been rocking the decks in Phoenix since her days as a rave DJ in the early 90's. Brazilia is a tall, gorgeous Brazilian woman who knows how to rock a party and play to the crowd like few DJ's I've ever seen. Local electronic musicians often show up with their laptops and MIDI gear to perform mind-blowing, live, improvisational performances. It's much less crowded than Saturdays, but it brings an interesting crowd. You can actually have a conversation, unlike on Saturdays which is mostly wall to wall dancing people. Not that that's a bad thing. 

Downstairs is hip-hop, which attracts a hypersexual, young ASU crowd. It's usually super crowded, and they're all grinding on each other with abandon before heading back to the dorms and contracting genital warts or who knows what.
Seeking out local evening entertainment last spring (cab fares to Tempe can really break the bank), I frequented Bar Smith on a number of occasions with my friends. Each visit, I had a pleasant time--savoring the bar's laid back atmsophere on its roof deck and (relatively) cheap drinks served by friendly bartenders.  Bud Lights are $3/bottle.

I expect it will become even more of a happening place when the light rail starts running in December and patrons can enjoy the view of trains arriving and departing from the rooftop.

Two things kept me from giving Bar Smith four stars: 1.) the expensive cover charge ranging from $7-$10/person and 2.) the bathroom attendant in a room the size of a porta-potty. Can you say unnecessary?
I can't comment on the evening or weekend activity, but as a lunch spot in the downtown Phoenix area, I thought Bar Smith was damn good. Went here recently for a business lunch and found the food to be really good for a lounge/bar. I ordered the steak salad, which was really tasty. Other than the food, the vibe seemed cool. I'm sure I'd check it out for happy hour if I ever find myself in Phoenix again.
Every time I go to Bar Smith it is dead, & I think this is very sad and disappointing! I've been there on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. The staff, especially the bartenders are really fun and affable & the house music & djs are generally pretty darn good (depending on the night though...last Thursday I heard Jesse McCartney downstairs, I felt like I was back home in Idaho.) 

I love the rooftop bar and dance area (everyone go. now. the weather is perfect!) The drinks are relatively cheap, which surprised me. The lack of lighting doesn't bother me a bit, it adds to the swanky, slightly mysterious ambiance of the area, and I think (I hope!) pretty soon Bar Smith is going to start having a stronger & more consistent following and will be a snazzy place to see and be seen in downtown.
Bar Smith, I do not love or hate you. But you are okay.

I have been here three times now. Twice for the standard Saturday Solstice (house music) and for last New Years Eve. 

Both times were pleasant. A good mix of people. It is a cool spot in general, being that it has a rooftop bar.

The one annoyance.. well, actually, there are two. People still smoke up there on that rooftop bar, which makes me gag. And two, you are accosted by at least two bums every time you try to get to the place.
Though I've known about the existence of this place for quite some time, I have always been hesitant to visit Bar Smith, not out of an aversion to drinking and dancing, but because I know some of the guys who work/frequent this place, and some of them haven't really been briefed on the whole "Jetta" thing. 

Oh hi, um, I hope this doesn't weird you out, but I already know you. We used to take a class together. You might not remember me...I was a boy then. So, uh, what's new with you?

When Dottsy Z announced that, as a conclusion to her birthday pub crawl, she wanted to go dancing at Bar Smith, I was at first a little wary. But everyone seemed so excited at the idea, and as the pictures of the pub crawl will show you, I was looking fucking hawt last night. So I figured to hell with parliamentary procedure, we had some dancing to do.

After navigating the diabolical labyrinth that are the one way streets that surrounded the place, Nathan and I showed up about twenty minutes after everyone else. Since it was after 130 in the AM, they didn't charge us cover, and after I gave the security the old "please, I'm working on the driver's license thing, don't make a big deal about it" eye fluttering, we were let in without any hassle. 

Within thirty seconds of stepping inside we spotted a man dressed in a cardboard and tinfoil robot costume, doing the robot. Then and there that I decided this place was at least getting three stars. 

The scene on the rooftop bar was like every Halloween party in Hell (or Heaven, for you overachievers). Way-buffer-than-humanly-reasonable hipsters shook their bon bons with Joker nurses and s&m fairies as bass-driven boogies pounded our ears to near deafness. One could even spot Adam M over in the corner by the DJ dancing with himself (either that or his partner had wisely moved out of the way of his cyclone of dancing fury)

I like to imagine that no matter where I am in the universe, Adam M at any time can be found dancing in the corner.

Seriously. Only Phoenix would have rooftop dancing in November. That's why I love this city.

At first I felt a little awkward about dancing, but when I realized that Dottsy and Kevin H were taking pictures, I knew that there was no going back, and even I starting shaking my groove thing, despite being about three or four inches taller than every one else in the club. I tried so very hard to minimize the damage done to the other patrons, but I just know someone will read this review and say to your friend! "Hey, remember that behemoth chick who gave you that black eye! She wrote about it on yelp!"

Though I've been to many a club, last night marked the first time a total stranger walked up to me and asked to take a picture of me. Every day I'm going to google "tranny dancing bar smith rose in mouth" until I find that picture. My pose was simply too good to be kept in someone's memory card.

The whole night we were there (in this case, "night" means about 45 minutes) we kept dusting off chalk off of each other. The walls were literally coated in it. Surprisingly, I wasn't as annoyed with this as I was disappointed. I was hoping that perhaps some sort of hipster robin hood was literally just throwing drugs at passersby, but it turns out we were just dancing too close to the walls. Oh well.

I admit, I feel a small tug at my conscience, giving this place a three-star review based on 45 minutes spent on the rooftop dancing and brushing "mystery powder" off my tits. But, alas, it was enough to win me over, and I will definitely agree to a second date (perhaps even a third if I can actually get into the ladies room), where I'll order some food and drinks and write yet another one of those "useful and factual" reviews I'm so well known for.
I stopped in at Bar Smith again last night, and the entire block (Silver, Sky Lounge, etc.) was PACKED. Lots of dancing downtstairs, the house music on the roof was fun & funky and everyone seemed to be having a good ol' silly time. It was really exciting to see so many people at the downtown clubs! I think they are being to become more strict about covers and dress code but for now it is still pretty relaxed. I hope once the lightrail opens, everyone finds somwhere other than the tracks to hang outside, though-it makes me nervous!
Great little place for dancing the night away to really sweet house music on the rooftop Saturday nights.  Not a fan of the hip-hop downstairs, but if that's your thing, you may want to check it out too.
After our microscopic martini's @ Hanny's, my bf tiff and I decided to walk over to Bar Smith and check it out.  It was a perfect day and we sat out on the front patio.  The bartender came out with a beaming smile to take our order.  We asked what her specialty was and she said Citrus Martini's soooo.... Citrus Martini's it was.  They came out promptly and were DELICIOUS!  (see pics)

We were also in the mood for something sweet so she also suggested the chocolate torte and we are so glad she did.  It was decadent and purrrrrfect. 

The music was nice, the weather was as good as it gets in AZ, the service was great and the martini's were yummy. What more could you ask for??

We will be back!
First timer, on a Saturday night. We got in around 1 am; we were listed so no idea what the cover was. Bathroom was tiny but at least it wasn't disgusting. Skipped downstairs (not my thing), went to the rooftop. 

Yeah, why haven't I been here before?? Loved it. Packed like sardines, effen awesome tunes spun, all kinds of friendly peeps in the crowd, good drinks served by smokin hotties, just a freakinfunfest. I'll be back.
I've been back a few times since the last review but the most notable was to see DJ Z-Trip. He was awesome, no complaints there.

Bar Smith though? They failed on so many levels. 

I got there sometime between 10:30 and 11:00 and there was about a 20 minute wait out front. Not the end of the world or anything but after finally getting in, there was a sea of bodies and another very long wait. About 50 people were lined up by the stair case waiting to get upstairs. There was a bouncer not allowing anyone up there until people would slowly trickle out. Why they put Z-Trip on the patio, I don't know. It's the size of a shoe box and was clearly to capacity before 11 PM. FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL!! 

I was in various lines roughly 50 minutes and still hadn't made it upstairs. Forget about stepping out of line to get a drink because you'd lose your place. The short of it is I paid for pre sale tickets, managed to get there at a decent time, and still had to wait close to an hour just to get in the same room as the guy. It was a total let down. 

At that point I was so ready to just walk out and ask for my money back. They clearly oversold the event and didn't give much thought about their patrons who paid money to see this DJ. They were going to fit every last body into that place if it killed them...and everyone else in there. 

After finally getting upstairs there were so many bodies, no one could move at all. It was a total clusterfuck. I finally made it to the back bar and stood in line for 10 minutes just to find out their card reader broke earlier in the night. Fantastic. No signs saying it was a cash bar, that would have been a nice gesture. 

Also, the bathrooms were downstairs, so forget about having to pee AT ALL during the 2+ hours you're there. If you had to go, you better hold it, otherwise you'd be waiting in line for another 30 minutes just to get back up. 

By the time Z-Trip came on, the sound was bass heavy and mildly distorted. I inched my way to various parts of the patio but the sound didn't get any better, so my partner and I said fuck it and went downstairs for the rest of the night. Thankfully they were playing his set downstairs and upstairs. At least people could move more easily downstairs. Plus the sound was better. And the bathrooms were actually accessible. 

Even at the end of the night, there were people standing in line waiting to get upstairs. Bar Smith gets a huge "F" as far as I'm concerned. I won't be back to this place for any headlining DJ. They obviously don't know how to run an event.
After having dinner at Hanny's my girl and I decided to check out one more place before we had to head back to the lightrail...  Bar Smith it was!!  Not packed at all, just a few bodies here and there, we choose to go upstairs. Being a big guy, I felt kinda like I was in a shoebox, but a nice shoebox?!? Another great place dropping that old school hippity hop (great night!!)  and HUGE kudos for having a bball game on the side wall and having a full bar upstairs to help  Az weather was great and made the experience more enjoyable!
If it weren't for the top floor here, this place would be pretty lame. A definitie two stars. After thinking about it, I'm really all over about this place. The cons? The crowd, ridiculous cover, and overall space. The pros: decent music (on Saturdays), well-priced drinks, and a great view from the upper level. 

I feel like this has a really westside meets Scottsdale feel minus the douchebaggery. The strip where Bar Smith is located at is kinda "Scottsdale light" in a good way. It's like those 3 to 4 bars are the Kardashian sisters and Hanny's is the quiet, better-looking bastard child around the corner that wants nothing to do with them.

I'm really not knocking this place though. The view that you get from up top is worth it if you're with friends and can have a conversation. The music and dance floor are pretty decent too. There are also plenty of attractive women that aren't skanks that you can talk to if you have enough liquid courage in your system.

Overall, it's a nice spot to stop by at for bar hopping, but don't make this the reason you're going out for.
AAAHH !!  What a breath of Fresh Air !!!   - If you ever get sick of the 
"Snobbs-dale,"  scene  and get the balls to venture into Phoenix; Then this is a Must SEE !!  This rooftop bar   has a great view of the city !! Featuring House music on the roof  and hip-hop downstairs !!  DJ's do a great job so , wear your dancing shoes !!  Reasonable drink prices and some nice jams will keep you there all night.  - Truly  DOPE SPOT - Kudos !!
Two floors and two very different crowds. Both floors were very entertaining, as in great people watching! We chilled on the upper floor for a while- enjoyed the techno music (complete with a girl dancing next to the speaker who was on some substance other than alcohol). There are partial views from the rooftop bar and energetic DJ's.  Downstairs was dimly lit with great hip-hop music.  We danced for over an hour and stayed until closing.  We don't go downtown much, but may go more often now.
Pretty cool place that appeals to 2 very different crowds. 

My friends and I stayed downstairs for the majority of the night. The hip hop music was pretty good and the DJ had a excellent music selection. The bartenders were very friendly, except for one of the blonde girls. When I put my empty beer bottle on the bar, she took it and I raised my hand to say "thank you" for taking it. Then she came back with another beer that I didn't order, and I think she got a little pissed because she misunderstood me. At the end of the night, I asked for some water and she only gave me a bottle instead of just a cup of tap water and charged me $2. Don't be a hater lady!!

GET A SHOT OF CAFE PATRON!!! If you like coffee and patron, it's literally the best of both worlds. And, to top it all off, they are only $3 A SHOT!! Very reasonably priced. I had 3 within a span of an hour (I'm a heavyweight so I wouldn't recommend that for everyone!)

Upstairs, they have techno/house music and it's packed like no other. The people are really cool though. They have friendly battles and it's pretty cool to just watch them for about 10 minutes. Depending on your scene, you can pick either floor.
I might be a little over eager here, but I am so excited about Bar Smith!
Angelina C., Khamis H., and I went this Friday for the time. Paid the $5 cover with minimal bitching. Went upstairs and immediately began dancing our feet off. 

The music was wonderful. Electro-y and cleverly mixed. The crowd was  deliciously diverse and dancey. My favorites were a black couple that danced on each other, eyes closed, nonstop for the entire night, the enormous and muscly European guy who put my dance moves to shame, and the bouncy, pretty girl who I fell in love with. I fell in love with at least three girls on the dance floor. A good night, I'd say.

I don't know about the drinks (I had been pre drinking before I got there, obviously) or the scene downstairs. I will be back to check them out. I am so glad to have an alternative to Homme or Amsterdam for the nights I want to dance!
This is a great find if you are in the area.

If you enjoy the sounds of "A Tribe Called Quest, Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West, etc" (that type of hip hop), then this is the place to be. Apparently, this is where all the REAL STREET DANCERS hang out. I loved watching their friendly battles, because they definitely know what they are doing. This is one of those rare places where you still see dancers battle on the floor. 

It's an interesting atmosphere. Downstairs is where they play hip hop- and then on the upstairs deck they play house. I enjoyed both scenes. Drinks are priced reasonably- my friends were definitely pleased with the $3 shots. Also, the male bartenders were very awesome and attentive with our group.

Best of ALL: you don't have to get ALL DOLLED up. If i'm in town the next time, I'm wearing kicks and a hoodie.
I want to like Bar Smith, and I actually very much do. But...the 3 stars were inevitable after my lunch here a few weeks ago.

First off, let me say that I really do like everything about this place - the ambiance, the vibe, the menu, the service, the prices...it's all great. Seriously. But I just can't justify giving a fourth star because my food was not very well-prepared. 

I ordered the Blackened Mahi Mahi, which came with a Pineapple Relish, Mixed Greens and a Cajun Remoulade Dressing -- very excellent concept for a dish, and the flavors were really lovely together...this dish made me believe that a pineapple relish may be the only way to eat mahi mahi. However, as I'm sitting there enjoyed the dish, I start getting closer to middle of the mahi filet, and I realize that it's not cooked...

Not even remotely. Yeah, the edges were cooked, but most of it was cold and raw. NOT how I like my mahi mahi. I very kindly asked the waitress if they could cook it more, and she very kindly had the kitchen do so. They got it right the second time around (although it wasn't quite the same...), but it makes me wonder if whoever's back in the kitchen knows what they're doing...

I want to go back. I want to try it again, because I have the feeling it was a fluke. I HOPE it was a fluke. But as for now, I have no other choice but to give them 3 stars...despite how much I really do like this place.
To be fair, this is not my typical scene. But even if it's not, a good place should draw my interest, no matter its target clientele. Instead, the people working there are a mix of aggressive bouncers and airheaded bartenders. I was disappointed. Not only are their well drinks pretty pricey, but the music just plain uninspires. I spent a while on the rooftop bar and wondered why everyone was enjoying themselves. The DJ played the same boring, unoriginal beat 1,000 times over and over, yet people were eating it up. I think I'm not cool enough to understand. I heard they're under a new general manager, so maybe this place will get better. The space is great, but the atmosphere is such a bummer here that I can't be any kinder.
Yikes. I have been waiting on submitting this review since I just could not find the right words for this place. Like Si said earlier, this is not my typical scene. I am uncomfortable in bars. Generally, I am crying into my heinously over-priced, poorly mixed drink in the corner. But that is not relevant to this review at all. Pfff.

I am not cool enough to understand why people like this place or why it is cool. This has to be one of the smallest dance clubs ever constructed. Are these cramped quarters good,  so that someone is guaranteed to unknowingly grab your ass at some point in the evening? Also, the layout for the place, with two different mixes of house music permeating both floors, is obnoxious. It truly feels like the cool peeps are dry humping each other upstairs, and the not-so-great peeps are downstairs wishing they were upstairs. 

The cover was $7. WTF? I can think of millions of different things I could spend my cash on. But don't relax just yet, we haven't even explored the deplorable cost of drinks. This must be the place that Paul Rudd was referring to in 40 Year Old Virgin, when he states "Yeah, it is $9 beer night." $7 for a gin and tonic, that freaking Cocktail served us. I loved the fact that because I wasn't dancing vigorously or did not have huge, fake breasts, that it took him like 12 minutes to figure out we were there. 

This place is horrible. The icing is the fact that these huge bouncers plop themselves triumphantly in every corner, just waiting for the chance to push scrawny punks out of the way. 

All I can say is this is not my kind of place and I am totally ok with that.
Bar Smith = WORST BAR EVER 

I wrote that on my cocktail napkin after being in this place for only 10 minutes. 

Let's just say it wasn't worth battling all the one-way streets and construction paying the $5 cover (I see many people complaining about $7-$10, but I can see why.) 

The music was blaring and not in a good way. My first stop was the bathroom. There was no attendant in in there (THANK GOD!) But when I opened the door I hit the girl standing at the sink and couldn't walk in until people moved around like puzzle pieces. 

Second stop the bar. I got a beer and a water from the downstairs bar. Five dollars for a Newcastle? Jesus. Not happy. Take my beer upstairs and find a hideaway behind the rooftop dance floor to drink and smoke in peace. 

Yes, upstairs they are playing different music than the shit downstairs. Yes, it was cramped and sweaty. No, the misters didn't do a damn thing for me. 

The flair-tending that was performed at the upstairs bar was pretty cool! They actually lit bottles on fire. I have never seen that done at a bar in Phoenix and that is the only reason this place has 2 stars. 

I don't even think the view is that great. All you see is a mess of construction and cops waiting to nab all the drunks as soon as they get released from the bars. 

Uninspired, un-enthused and unlikely I will be returning.
In PHX for business and after having lunch here (good not great) I decided to come back to check out the nightlife with my girlfriends...

The rooftop bar was nice and the bartenders were very nice.  Drinks were good and reasonable but I am from the bay so any  time a drink is less than $8 I am pretty happy. 

The crowd was ehhh - I think they were all friends of the DJ who was pretty much an ass - why? Because he was one of those DJs that scratches to show off and ends up ruining the music - lame.
My friends and I have started frequenting this place to get away from the Scottsdale d**** bags if ya know what I mean. We had a lot of fun! It gets a little packed on the roof, but it a great change of pace to be in the middle of down town and see the buildings and the electronic music and dancing is cool. 

The prices are very reasonable. I think I bought a round of shots (4) and two cocktails for about $30. Where as in Scottsdale you would be lucky to get out the door with 4 shots for under $30. 

The only issue is parking. But this is a problem for down town as a whole. We found a lot right across the street but they charged $10. It's a little steep, but sometimes you get luck and find a meter and don't have to pay at all. Good luck!
i really like the roof. like, a lot. i thought this place was really cool. we got fast service at the bar and the music definitely lead me to showing off my sweet dance moves. the crowd here was really cool and a big mix of really nice people. i love when you find people like that! 

the only thing i didnt like was the smell of barf on the roof. it really grossed me out.
I want so bad for BarSmith to be a hangout for my friends and I. It's right downtown, it's got two different dance floors, they play good music, it draws a [supposedly] hip crowd, and they have a rooftop bar.  Unfortunately, they fail on so many levels. 

First off, to get to BarSmith, you have to walk past a sketch as hell nightclub full of dudes mean muggin you and chicks with skin tight, unattractively short dresses hollerin for attention.  oh yeah, and all of the bums lined up begging for change that harass you until you get to the door. When I walked in the door last night, the foul odor of vomit, piss, sweat, and farts nearly blew me back out. It was almost unbearable.  And the cliche hip hop music, with the DJ's hype man yelling "All the single ladies let me hear you!!!" so all of the guys knew which chicks were horny and available for the picking. Thankfully they separate the two parts of the bar, and we took the stairs to the top to find it completely packed with more obnoxious drunk people.

Electro music banging from the speakers and people were chatting it up. I made my way to the bar, only to discover ONE bartender, and NO MORE CHERRY VODKA. I was substituted SKYY vodka for the SAME PRICE as 3 Olives (?!@#@?#) and redbull brought two drinks to a total of 17 fucking dollars.  Who are you trying to be BarSmith? $8.50 for a redbull/skyy? And the bartender's pouring skills sucked because the drinks tasted awful and were way too weak, not even filled to the top.

And to top it all off, there was some creepy as fuck, drunk as fuck, 40-something year old heterosexual white male getting all up on mine and my friends shit, being a drunk fool, and security was nowhere to be seen. I saw a group of guys acknowledging and encouraging his stupid ass drunk behavior as well.  I've been to BarSmith a couple times before, and experienced the douchebagery of a lot of the guys that go here, whether it's discrimination based on sexuality/gender, or just them being plain macho jacked up assholes. It's like the Scottsdale Ed Hardy douche vibe in downtown pseudo-hipster form.

Really, really disappointing.
Really...people like this place?

It's bad enough when the bartender can't make a drink correctly the first time.  (Vodka and Tonic mind you...and I think I only tasted tonic water)  When you go back (or in this case Robert M took it back for me since the bartender ignored me the first time I tried) the drink tastes 10x worse.

Music was good though.
You know there's a problem when the guys are separated from the ladies for pat downs and purse inspections at the front door. Was I being arrested or is this common check in practice at this establishment? The door staff seemed to find pleasure in bossing patrons around and may be taking their hostess authority a little too far. There's nothing special beyond the threshold here either. The venue, cocktail quality and staff all tragically fail. The only glimmer of hope rests on the ghetto-tastic music that leads to contagious head boppin' & bootty shakin'.  The music was great and is the only reason why I give two stars but I don't plan on ever returning.
The first time I ever went to BarSmith was one of the most memorable night I've had. We walked in and instantly I was in hell. The first floor is the 'Hip Hop' room, which made me want to slice my eyeball with a rusty razorblade. After downing a shot of tequila followed by and whiskey n ice, I was told there was a 2nd floor. I was shocked and horrified at the same time. 2 floors of this garbage?! Shit :-( We ventured up and IF there was a god/heaven, I believe this is what it must be like. The 2nd floor is completely outside with a view of United Airlines Arena and the height of the skyscrapers. I was unaware of this but the 2nd floor is electronica/house music. I was extremely relieved and had a class 3 stiffy from this. My buddies and I conitnued to booze it up and hit on the hottness, that is the urban-style girl. My buddy Aaron is a drunk dancer and this place screams it, so he danced. He got himself involved in a dance-off and eventually got served by a little asian guy. He hung his head low as we left but I held it high cause I had a great time with the intent of returning. I have been back many times since and love it just as I did that first night.
heard about this place for quite some time. went a few weeks ago and had a blast.  although downstairs has been deemed a bit scary by some other reviews, we hung out downstairs about half the time we were there; listening to some old school dr dre and 90's hip hop.  upstairs was fun with modern dance music and an artsy vibe.  overall a fun place for the non traditional clubs in that immediate area.
I love love love the rooftop at Bar Smith! The electro music, lights, fresh air, the view, it's amazing! Definitely something to try if you live in Phoenix at least once! The crowd is pretty cool, everyone is so friendly. The attire is trendy/indie/electroish. Sometimes they have a cool photo booth. Bar Smith totally rocks (UPSTAIRS!). Downstairs it's a whole other world. It's more of the mainstream hip hop and more skanified lol.
I may have found the heartbeat of Phoenix. We wound up here after the Lady Gaga concert (which I reluctantly attended, but surprisingly enjoyed), after telling a guy I chatted up at Seamus that I like anything with a fiddle. And a fiddle they had. House music. With a fiddle. On a rooftop in Phoenix. Who knew?! Stiff drinks, fantastically talented dancers showcasing their skills, within stumbling distance of the lightrail. Even a bathroom attendant which...the verdict is still out on. I don't know that this role (in general) was really imagined for offering up lotion, hairspray and paper towels, or for the more practical role of regulating the bar-goers of the puke and rally persuasion. At any rate, an awesome evening for sure.

P.S. 
If you can seek out the off-duty pedicab driver who is friendly with the bouncers, you may be able to roll in without a cover charge.
This place sucks.

I'm a born and raised Phoenician who has been living in LA for the past 4 years and I have enjoyed seeing the developing downtown scene in Phoenix. Until Bar Smith.

I brought a few friends with me to check out this place for our Labor Day vacation. Their AC was broken (with 110+ heat) and they still charged a $10 cover. I thought, "This is a joke and I'm getting punked." I really don't want to re-live the experience but after getting the run-around, and into a heated argument with the promoter we all managed to get 2 free drinks. This of course only AFTER our group of 7 paid the ridiculous cover and bought a round.

Avoid this place at all costs, however I will say that I believe this place is better on a different night (we went on Saturday). It's a shame because the DJ is really good and it reminded me of the DJs out here in LA. This place also attracts a sleazy sausage crowd. Our group had 4 girls and I'm pretty sure all of them were thoroughly grossed-out. LOL!

Go anywhere else. Please.
I went for UK Thursdays and had a blast.  If there hadn't been a shooting and stabbing at PHX (stay classy people) we could have partied here all night.
I can see where they are going with this place, however it's neighbors will probably be their biggest deterrent.  One of three in a bar strip center of sorts in downtown Phoenix - this is somewhat of the "center" of the club nightlife in DT Phoenix.  All three clubs are 2 stories, which makes it difficult to drown out the goings-on of the two other places, although they did provide some excellent people watching.  Let's just say the crowd that is drawn into neighbor PHX is not the same that rolls into LAX in LA.
Anyway, I see what they are trying to do but unfortunately I think this bar will get left behind with the riff-raff of it's neighbors in a downtown that struggles to draw an evening crowd when there are no games going on.
3.5 stars.

I have gone to Bar Smith many times - both on Friday night (Fuse) as well as Saturday night (Solstice). Actually, I've been there a few times on Thursday when UK Thursdays was housed there for a night (Dubstep).

So you want to go to a club for music but don't want the "club" atmosphere? Tired of Scottsdale elites? Tired of the horse cops on Mill Ave? Want somewhere that houses a couple different genres of music? Want something close to the light rail? Well, bar Smith might be your place.

I had a friend who came out from Ohio where I grew up and he hates clubs. Clubs are simply not something he wants to go and do. He is much more comfortable pulling up a seat at a bar and sipping on a drink. Me, on the other hand, loves to dance and get jiggy. I figured Bar Smith was probably the best place because it is kind of a blend between a bar and a dance club. While it has no barstools or tables, it does have a few benches along the downstairs walls and a small one upstairs. Everyone that doesn't want to dance just stands around and chit chats. Oh and did I mention that the upstairs section is on the roof? Normally they play music rain or shine - overcast or on one of our 100+ summer nights.

So what did my friend think about the place? He thought it was the coolest "club" he had ever been to - and all he did was stand against the wall and listen to music.

So what can I say that is bad about the place? Well, for starters... this place can get packed. Sometimes when you leave the top floor you won't be able to get back for the rest of the night. Bummer, right? Yeah, that sucks because when a man's gotta piss... a man's gotta piss. Upstairs is open to the elements and due to being crowded... I swear there are nights that the dance floor is more of a swamp than anything. What does this mean? What does this mean to you? It means, don't wear your $150 jeans that you want to keep clean. In fact, the dress code here is generally... go home and change into something that you wouldn't mind fixing your car in. Dont even bother wearing white shoes unless you want them to be grey after the night - you will be stepped on and drinks will be sloshed onto your feet sometime during the night. With that said, the crowd is different than any other place. The people who come here are there FOR the music - not to be seen (good reason why they dress down). This is good for some peoplem and bad for others. If you want to "be seen" then head east for Scottsdale. If you want to dress down (i.e. girls wearing sneakers instead of heels) then this place is for you. What else is bad? I think the prices are pretty steep. I am a weirdo and I don't drink beer (I know, weird male trait) and stick to liquor. I think I have paid more at Bar Smith than I have in Scottsdale for some liquor drinks. So if you only drink liquor like me and want to get trashed, I suggest you pregame in your car (lol). However, if you like beer then they normally have sort of dirt cheap beer special. I'd say that 70% of the people there drink whatever the special is and thusly I am squarely an outcast. This is not really a negative but I will say it anyways incase anyone is concerned - this is an alternative club. A lot of gays and bisexuals party here alongside the straight folks. I know because I don't know how many times I've been turned down by a girl by having her turn around to some other chick and start making out (a nice little hint that she isn't a fan of sausage). So if you are homophobic or closed minded - the crowd is going to freak you out.

So what is good? Dancing is awesome. If you like to dance but are afraid of "looking stupid" then this is your place. You are *encouraged* to dance if the feeling strikes you. In fact, some of the better dancers there will cheer you on - and not in that weird high school way where they are really making fun of you. One of the better dancers told me, "it doesn't matter how you move, so long as you move because you want to move. It isn't about showing off, it is about enjoying life and enjoying letting the music move you." If I ever hear someone say that in Scottsdale, I'll shit my pants. With that said, somewhere around 1am there is normally a dance circle where the best dancers come out and battle. Maybe not battle, but show their latest moves. It is actually pretty cool and this may be the only place you can see a breakdancer (Bboy) bust out a windmill, headspin, and into a boomerang. Then the next guy jumps out and shows off his Tektonic moves... then that is followed by something I will call a contemporary electric salsa. Who knows what dancing you are going to see here! I also like dancing outside sometimes - even when it is hot. Even though the bar is expensive they sometimes do cool crap like flaming drinks, juggling, and fire breathing.

So what is the verdict here? If you want a place where you can cut loose and party and have nobody judge you... then this is the place to be.
One visit is all it takes to know I will never set foot in here again.  And neither should you.

In no particular order:

$9 for an 8-ounce (maybe 10) pour of Red Bull and vodka.  That's price gouging plain and simple.  

Way too small.  As I was walking around I kept asking, "Is this all of it?" Which made me wonder why they were admitting more people.  Where were they planning on putting them? 

Turns out they hadn't thought that out at all because the place was way overcrowded.  I was baffled when I realized they were still letting more and more people in the door.  After only an hour everyone was literally packed in so tight you had to push several people out the way just to move a few feet.

This made going to the bathroom a near impossible journey, one that wasn't worth the trip. The bathroom attendant is totally unnecessary and out of place.  This place isn't upscale enough to warrant an attendant.  And if you're going to pack so many people into this place, you need more toilets.  It's simple math.  No one likes to spend their evening waiting in line to piss.  Because it was so packed, if you left the upstairs to take a piss, security wouldn't let you back upstairs to be with the people you came with. 

Which brings me to the staff. The bar staff were alright.  Attentive and polite. (Just way too expensive.)  The security on the other hand were rude and aggressive.  But I can't say it's entirely their fault.  

Because whoever is managing this place is clueless and clearly only interested in the bottom line.  This has an obvious effect that ripples out to the staff and patrons.   

I related this story to a friend the next day and she said she wasn't surprised.  She had stopped going there as well after her roommate got into a fight with the security.  

We can do better than this, Phoenix.
Located downtown Phoenix sandwiched between what i thought was a strip club on the left & a reggaeton club on the right, Bar Smith seemed highly unlikely! I appreciated upon entering Raekwon's ice cream was CANCELING out Daddy Yankee from the right (HA!) Hip hop/old school mash ups on the lower level combined with a different scene of music on the upper level.  

With videos playing against the wall with a full bar & DJ, the rooftop scene is what gives the place an edge as compared to other places I've been to out here. I'm hoping they alternate the genres between the upper & lower levels cause it just wouldn't be fair if they only played the corny music on the rooftop! i could definitely see renting out the space for future parties here. Great ambiance.

This place has $5 drinks with fast 'bartender recognition.' The crowd told me that this place is where young professionals come to party with their older coworkers & alot of Phx. locals meet on a saturday night. Also complete with an 'under the stair' dancer (literally), a bathroom attendant that made me feel a strange pang of guilt because it seemed to be a requirement to put soap in peoples hands & a hot dog stand (though not the bacon wrapped ones i love) outside.

As me & my fam. danced the night away with the rest of the Phoenicians i knew that my cousin & best friend would be going back home to California where places like Bar Smith is plentiful...sans the rooftops in the city. But, even though this place would be a typical great frequent in California, Bar Smith holds its own out here in the desert.
My home away from home! Bar Smith's number one best feature is its DJs. The music is ALWAYS on point. Whether it's the hip hop downstairs or the House upstairs. I always go here when I need to really get my dance on. The club is well known for it's resident DJs - Senbad and Pete Salaz. These guys are true Disc Jockeys. For real.

This spot is awesome if you're looking to spot some legit bboys and bgirls as well as a myriad of other awesome dancers. The drink prices are among average, similar to any other Phoenix bar I'd say. It's just always a good time, even when it's not that packed.

Forget Axis Radius or whatever, this is where the real music is.
I had a pretty good time at Bar Smith. I only drank beer so I can not comment on the well drinks. I spent 90% of my time up stairs on the roof where they were playing house music. I really enjoyed the videos playing on the wall over the bar. I found myself getting lost in them a bit, likely due to the beer consumption:) I only have two issues with the place: #1 the bathrooms were GROSS! There were only 2 stalls in the women's bathroom for the entire club! (There is an upstairs and a downstairs.) One stall was being used by a puking female and the other wouldn't flush. I get CHILLS thinking about it again. #2 One of the many bouncers, in an attempt to get somewhere quickly literally knocked me off my feet to get past me. While I understood his haste, I am a relatively small person and he was huge! The staff needs to be a little more considerate when plowing people over.
How have I never been to this place before?!

The bar itself was fantastic.  The light show behind the DJ who was actually really good, and the rooftop bar that was projecting a movie on a wall was a nice change of pace from most of the bars that I've been to in the valley.  Overall the atmosphere was great, and even the attendant in the woman's bathroom was nice.  

Some of the downfalls though... the location next to some other iffy looking bars, and the $10 cover.
I enjoy Bar Smith the music, the balcony and it always ends in a fun night. Beware the cover sucks and drinks are pricey.
I love the rooftop at Bar Smith especially as the weather gets nicer.  I went for a party last night and it was great.  Two different types of music one downstairs and one on the rooftop.  The drinks are not overpriced and usually there is a good crowd there.  The bar staff is great and always helpful unlike many Scottsdale clubs.
If you love house music then you need to check out Solstice on the rooftop portion (2nd level) on Saturday nights. There is also various DJ's that spin different genres on the main floor. The thing I love the most about Bar Smith is that there is no specific type of scene going on here. You got hipsters, b-boys, gay, straight, and just generally people that love to get their groove on to some of the best music you can hear in the valley of the sun. I have yet to go here and not have a blast. There is a cover after 10:30, but never too pricey and well worth it considering the drinks are good and a good price. Parking can be a pain but it's downtown Phoenix. Take light rail if you can, much easier and stops right by Bar Smith.
Went to Scenario last night at Bar Smith. The venue while a bit small was tight. Especially the rooftop lounge! The music was bomb!  Too bad it was a Wednesday night...no matter I'll be back and I definitely recommend checking it out!
I love this place I am here every weekend and every weekend is a good time!  Great drinks and music what more could you ask for?
Hmmmm..... 

I have been there a few times and each time I want to give a completely different rating so I settled for a mid-range 3 stars.  Totally depends on the night and more specifically, the DJ.  This is unfortunate because you have to pay a hefty cover either way.  
*Unless you get there before 10 30pm and then you're good*

First time I went... Really awesome and almost beat out Char's Has the Blues (which is my ultimate favorite) so that says a lot.  The DJ was great and there were lots of people dancing. Love the rooftop bar and dance floor, giant chalkboard wall and people there in general.  

Second time.... A letdown.  Not so great DJ so a lot less people, expensive and ridiculously weak drinks, still same $10 cover.  

I would suggest to research the DJ and get there before 10:30pm on the weekend.
Wow such a simple concept Really goes a Long way here !!!
Some friends and I checked this place out on a Saturday night :
Downstairs : The Chubby DJ - is NICE !!!  this kid keeps the dance floor jumping with hip-hip. It gets crowded but the music will keep you right there in the mix
Upstairs :  ON the rooftop is  chill as well. With house music spinning - its got a nice vibe with a well rounded crowd.
 - Reasonable drinks
Overall - A  Great spot
Bust out those vintage Nike sneakers that you haven't worn since high school and impress your fellow urban dancers with your Dougie, the Robot, the Carlton, or better yet, the WORM. 

At any rate, Bar Smith is your destination for your Hip-Hop dancing needs!  

There is absolutely nothing fancy or pretentious about this venue.  It is clear as mud once you enter this urban night spot.  People come here to dance, groove, bounce to whatever lyrical rhyme that spits out of those loud, rumbling speakers!

If you are looking to battle, there is no shame in doing so! The vibe here is incredibly welcoming to all levels of dancing! If you see somebody pointing and laughing, it's probably because of your poor fashion sense.  Not hip-hop enough or something.  Or those green skinny jeans clashed with your blue socks.

If hip-hop isn't your thang, head up the stairs to the top roof where you can hear the electronic beats of house and trance music.  Don't be surprised if there's a giant circle formed to see who has the most creative techno moves.

For once, a place where you don't have to dress or have the best moves to impress.  

Quick Facts: 

x $5 cover.
x Downtown.
x Free Parking at the CityScape Garage or Metered Parking.
x Light Rail nearby.
x Sandwiched between 2 other dancing venues.
I have been here 3-4 times. Each time on Friday or Saturday post 11pm, generally Friday. 

The aspects of Bar Smith I like best is the music, the cleanliness, and relaxed atmosphere. The music is my favorite part, not sure if it is just the days I happened to go but it was nice being able to dance to David Bowie, The Doors, The Postal Service and many many more exceptionally mixed songs. I also love that the bathrooms are always clean, with a very friendly bathroom attendant. The dance floors are also clean, and I rarely saw abandoned cups. It is also great that everyone is friendly, it is easy to get a drink, and they aren't very expensive (under 5 for well liquor, maybe $4?).  
 
I dislike that it can get really really hot both inside and outside. There are fans downstairs but it doesn't feel air conditioned. The last time I went most of the fans were off (or broken?) and it was unbearable, we ended up leaving feeling sick from the mix of alcohol and heat, which was a shame because it is really fun dancing there. It also bothers me how small it is, it sucks that there are only two stalls in the girls room, and that there isn't more room where you can gather with a group away from the speakers.
Drinks were pricey, cover was pricey, bathroom attendant was completely unnecessary and made the tiny bathroom feel EVEN MORE tiny. She was also kind of creepy and obnoxious, chatted at people the whole time they were in the bathroom. I see how this place could be awesome for people who love music and love to dance, but it was NOT my scene.
I went to Bar Smith for the first time this past Friday night. Friday nights = Sticky Fingers. We went there after 11pm, and it was pretty packed. The DJ played a good variety of music, and I especially liked that it wasn't all the hip-hop top 40 at most other clubs. Good mix of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, AC/DC, Nine Inch Nails, Lady Gaga, etc. Then upstairs on the loft was another DJ. Pretty fun considering it gets a little warm downstairs, and upstairs on the open loft it was in the 50's at 1am. Great place to dance to good music and have a good time!
Great hipster bar/club. Awesome vibes and music, especially friday nights.
Was cool, then last summer the music got shitty.
Ghetto much?  If you like to wear a ton of hair gel and buy your dresses 5 sizes too small at Charlotte Russe then SWEEEEEEET this place is perfect for you.  The ONLY good thing is the music...the crowd just ruins it though.
Hip Hop/Pop downstairs. House/Electronica on the roof. What a fun place. It is such a mixed bag of folks. The place is clean, hip, and they have some great artists regularly working on pieces on the roof. How cool is that?
Once you work your way through the "ghetto" downstairs, you'll be met with fresh air, cool music, and a nice view overlooking Cityscape and the US Airways Arena on the roof of Barsmith! An intimate (small) setting, Barsmith plays host to many of Phoenix's best local dj's. Wednesday nights offer "hump day" partygoers the Scenario, a hip dance party jamming to the beat of drum and base, moombahton (spelling?), reggae, etc.... If you're looking for a wilder night to bust out your dancing shoes, check out Sticky Fingers every Friday from 10- LATE!

There's always great drink specials here if you arrive before 11pm, however the prices aren't too bad after the specials end. The rooftop vibe alone is worth giving this place a try!
By far my favorite place to go listen to some house music. Rooftop bar is where it's at.  It has always always reminded me of a small club in NY because it's not 200 of the exact same person like places in Scottsdale. Its good to see a diverse and cool crowd. Not pretentious at all, although the regulars can be a bit clicky . Either way I'm a big fan and try to go get my dance on there whenever I can :)
Dub-step hipster bar - maybe I am getting too old for this stuff, but after a few drinks and some fun girl date company it wasn't so bad, especially since this is not my scene. The roof dance floor with projector screens of trippy colors made the whole thing as well as the hipster sightings.
I'm not much of a club person so I don't know how useful my assessment will be. I'm usually much more content to have a drink at Hanny's or get tanked on Sake bombers at Moira. Both times I've been here it's not been very crowded which is just fine with me. The downstairs is cool and they have a nice upstairs outdoor bar as well. Drinks aren't cheap but not too pricey either. The crowd is usually OK too, not too Scottsdale for me.

While Bar Smith would not be my first choice of places to go to I certainly would never veto the idea either,
I love going to this place in Downtown Phoenix! It's been getting packed during the weekends, but its always a fun place to go. My friends and I enjoy dancing and they have 2 different scenes here. The downstairs is more HipHop and the upstairs is more Electro/Dance. We enjoy coming here on Fridays when Sticky Fingers plays! If you go before 10PM its free other than that its 10$ to get in. Good times!
Bangin' Like A Black Smith
By The Rue

Friday night hanging at Bar Smith,
This place is off Washington,
Its a few blocks west of Fifth,
The rooftop dancefloor gets packed,
This story is not a myth,
Go with your friends or by yourself,
It doesn't matter who you're with. 

We stopped by here on our way home,
From watching the Cards win, 
They don't play in a dome,
They beat the Raider's,
Their face they shouldn't have shown,
Danced the night away at Bar Smith,
No they do not spray foam. 

My first time here and it was a blast,
They DJ on the rooftop was good,
I was cutting some rug at last,
Downstairs was live hip hop,
Compete in the rap contest I was asked,
Unfortunately I had to decline,
My rhymes are way too fast. 

For all you  partying downtown,
Stop by here,
Don't waste time looking around, 
A lot of cute girls,
And dudes who are clowns,
Just don't show up when I'm there,
And try to take my dancing crown!!

JAZZERCISE!!!
I will begin this review by saying that I am an open minded person, and I usually find at least one thing to like about a bar or club. I am also aware of the variety of subcultures that are popular now. With that being said, avoid this toilet at all costs! We paid a $10 cover on a Saturday night to be jam packed into a hot, sweaty hipster hellhole. Drinks we're expensive and came in the crappiest plastic cups ever. If the bottom floor of pseudo artists, dancers, models and intellectuals bores you, go upstairs and indulge in a second floor of the worst people that society has to offer. Also, if you're a guy, avoid the bathroom at all costs. Find a pseudo artist or model and give them your bowels as sustenance or as art; the bathroom only boasts one stall with no door, and the stall walls are waist high. Forget about dropping a deuce here, just do it on the floor, the art crowd will appreciate you! Also, avoid making eye contact with the bathroom attendant from Mogadishu; he will insist on a tip for creepily watching you do your business. Why the fuck does a shitty little club need a bathroom attendant anyways? Music was ok but its too hard to be able to get into it when the club is dangerously overcrowded. All in all, if you fancy yourself some kind of scholar of the arts, or if you think you're a model, go here. If you went to college for a journalism degree, or a fine arts degree, come here. If you think the Cornish Pasty in Tempe is the greatest thing ever, come here. If you wear v neck t shirts out in public while sporting an amish hat, come here. If you just started riding motorcycles and consider yourself a 1% outlaw, come here cause you'll think you're the toughest biker in the world. For the rest of you, skip this shithole and go to Sanctum instead.
the bar tenders are thief's (the girls )  on the roof top patio they auto tip them self's stealing your money ,and change the price of the drink at any time , like those PBR $5 bucks at any giving time  or the mix drinks specials. they are not honest and don't give a fuck about you just the money.  best way to do it is buy 3 drinks at same time and tip them a dollar once, they need to learn this cheap bitches.
Expensive, hipster, but I'll totally be there again. Anything to get out of Old Town & Mill once in awhile...
We came here after hitting the Monarch Theater right next door. It was 10 bucks per person to get in. For a bar that has a club type of vibe, they actually had a good beer to drink. Odell IPA. I mean, every other dance club type of establishment the have only the normal Bud/Miller/Coors. 

I give this place 3 stars because downstairs sucks. The DJ down there sucked really bad, and the smoke machine smelled like crap. Downstairs is a hip hop type of vibe, and upstairs had EDM house music being mixed. As a big time EDM fan, I heard some Wolfgang Gartner, Feed Me, and Porter Robinson. Good stuff. Great music going on upstairs. 

Upstairs was awesome, but just way too cramped. Another thing that sucked was that there was a crap ton of dudes dancing up there. They should have taken a queue from the Monarch next door and let ladies in for free.  They ought to have the EDM DJ downstairs, and put the hip hop DJ out of a job, because no one was dancing to his mix. I mean, I tried to give him a chance, but he was playing THE WORST hip hop.Stuff you have never heard that is not dance worthy. I am not expecting the Scottsdale hip hop mash up, but it would hurt to play something someone has actually heard. 

Prices were average. 5 bucks for an Odells and 7 bucks for a liquor mixer. I would come back here if they did something better with the downstairs. The bar counters downstairs were really sticky, and there was barely anyone down there. Would it hurt to wipe down your counters more frequently? 

I down rated it to 2 stars because of the split atmosphere, and the overwhelming amount of dudes. Otherwise, if it wasn't a sausage fest, I would have given it 3, and if the downstairs wasn't lame, it would get a 4.
I would give this place 5 stars if they ventilated the downstairs, expanded the rooftop and not charge $10 cover. 

A warning to the ladies, you will get your hands/waist/ass grabbed throughout the night. They should probably enforce the 1:1 guy/girl ratio here since it was a total sausage fest...I felt like I was a lamb shank at the meat market
When I see a review from 10/27/2008 that says 'Dont love or hate you' I immediately want to scream "wow that was 5 years ago!" . For a downtown Phoenix club to be around for more than 1-2 years I say well done Bar Smith. 

Even beyond that great accomplishment this place is bringing world class talent to a very intimate setting. When was the last time you got up close and personal with ?uestlove or Tortured Soul or Tensnake, Mark Farina, Josh Milan, Trapzillas, Marques Wyatt, Louie Vega or Tommie Sunshine. These are mega stars that play Bar Smith for it's epic rooftop and major "see & be seen" attitude.
It wasn't a bad place at all.. but just not my venue. The patrons are super eclectic from very hot girls that look lost, to some coked up military kid that think he is stomping the yard, to some older fellow with his hat backwards slowly trying to advance his efforts into the bachelorette party. Don't get me wrong, as this provided me with lots of entertainment, and people to interact with everywhere is too loud for any kind of conversation. 

But, this being said the rooftop was still my favorite, as they had a bar manned with a cute Asian chick that got her duties down.. and a big mingle/dance party that I imagine can be found at a young republican rally. I sure had fun though, I mean it. But will I go back? Yeah, you know what.. I will come back here. Not sure why, but I will. 

And they have one thing that I usually cant stand but love to be bothered by.. they had a DJ that looked liked he wanted to audition for RUN DMC, but played the most edgeless, dull dance music. It was sad. But people didn't care.. especially not the coked up soldier. Good times, good times.
$10 cover = not worth it. Came here with 4 ladies and they were all ready to leave after 30 mins.. 

We thought we were going to a cool downtown bar to drink but this place is a club? Kinda? Anyway, none of us were feeling the music or the crowd.

I'm giving this place a 2, since it wants to be a club I'll compare to the other local clubs (like revolver) which are average at best, bar smith comes in below these.
Bar smith is one of those places where you go to unleash your wild side. I love to come here to dance my as off for hours at a time. I am in love with the rooftop bar and dance floor. I always get my house fix when I come, as I am a die hard Electronic music junkie. Ditch the heels and be prepared to dance all night,  if you are into House music!
If you are looking for dancing, loud music, and drunk people everywhere, Bar Smith is your answer. $10 cover for everyone (ladies and military, we are sadly not excluded from this) and you enter wonderland. 

I love the upstairs bar, especially this time of year. It's a nice break from being hot and sweaty downstairs. It's usually EDM/house DJ's outside. Not as much dancing as downstairs, but you'll see the occasional raver going all out. Last time I was there, someone showed up in a bear costume! Downstairs is more hip music. It doesn't start to pick up until after midnight, aka after enough libations make the crowds go crazy. It's fun to go between upstairs and downstairs. 

Carolina is a kickass bartender, she makes a mean whiskey ginger and has awesome green lipstick! Drinks weren't crazy outrageous expensive either. Bathroom line never seemed to last forever, although I don't think it's a classy enough joint to warrant an attendant. She was sweet though and gave me an extra piece of gum when I smartly opted out of a cigarette (yes, they have cigs for tips in the bathroom). 

Overall, Bar Smith can be a fun time. Go into it expecting nothing, walk out drunk and sweaty.
We were only in town for one night and saw that Whitney & Sada from the real L word were hosting so decided to check it out. Great fun, great vibe, of course Whit & Sada did not disappoint. Would def recommend this place for a fun night out.
This is my favorite club on the West Coast (I've been around), especially to dance under the stars to House music of any sub-genre on the upstairs open air patio. No joke, it has the best music, awesome friendly & cool people who are there to dance and have fun (douchebag free establishment), beautiful, stylish and friendly bartenders, courteous security (almost never heard of anywhere else). Dj's are some of the best in the country or even world class when they are flown in, whether for house, electronic, or Hip Hop. The sound system is excellent, full, well balanced with deep bass and no distortion. They even have beautiful hostesses to welcome new patrons. Downstairs has excellent music as well, which is usually booty shaking groovy Hip Hop. You don't have to take my word for it. Just go check it out for yourself; but be ready to make new friends.
This is a very fun club for you party animals. The bar doesn't have a cover until 10, so a bunch of ladies and I arrived closer to 9:30. The place was fairly dead for a couple hours, then it picked up. Vodka was on special, with mixed drinks for 4$... so needless to say, we all had vodka based drinks. There was nothing special about these drinks and they were on the small side (served in a plastic cup, you know, to be classy), but for 4$, what can you ask for? They had one DJ on the roof (who happened to be my wedding DJ, so I obviously liked him) and another downstairs. Overall it was a typical loud crowded club scene, but I would come back if I were in the mood for that kind of thing.
Off for a night of dancing the girls had selected Bar Smith in downtown Phoenix. My immediate concern was "What do I wear?"

Again, "WHAT DO I WEAR?"
I wanted something comfortable shoe wise but didn't want to get turned away at the door. (I'm from New York. You have no idea what pain and suffering we can go to. After a while you can forget your feet are numb from tortuous heels.) 

Turns out Bar Smith is very relaxed in the dress code area. Provided you're 1) of age and 2) wearing clothing YOU'RE IN! Given that I'm on the slippery hill to old age/death I painted on the face carefully. (Smooches to the bouncer who smiled when I passed my ID over.) Sneakers are ok. (Before you judge: I wasn't wearing white track shoes! Cute slip ons paired with an over the top cocktail dress.)

Moolah
The bar doesn't charge cover before 10pm. Mixed well drinks are $4. Nothing spectacular here as they are served in thin plastic. (Yes they will serve you a double for $8.)

Open Tabs
You can move between the downstairs and upstairs bars. Like a goof I didn't realize that initially and was returning downstairs to place my order. Just don't forget to pick up your card on the way out!

The DJ's are a fun group on a Saturday. Plenty of people were doing the silly dance (come on, we're not on Dancing With The Stars) showered in darkness upstairs and downstairs. Actually the lighting was crazy. (See my photos!)

The crowd picked up noticeably after 10pm. All things considered tho, the bartenders were awesome in keeping up. 

Fun, fun, FUN!
What a great place! Live music - man and/or woman with a piano - and great food. The west-side has no restaurant to compare with this.

For appetizers it is hard to go wrong - I have had the fried mushrooms (yummy), calamari (melts in your mouth), steak on a stick (it is ok, but not as good as the others) and the coconut shrimp (fabulous).

If you have read any of my other reviews you know I like lamb - and the rack of lamb here is fantastic! Also try the pepper steak...very good - with a little bit of a bite to it. While I haven't had the seafood entrees, they look really good when I have seen them and the staff tells me the sea bass is exceptional.

The desserts...my wife seems to like the chocolate covered strawberries - they are done up with little tuxedos....I like the chocolate cover cheesecake, it comes in bite sized pieces.

The wine selection is good and there are plenty of good cognacs and a cigar menu for after dinner enjoyment...don't be scared off by cigars - you aren't allowed to smoke them in the main dining area...
I remember when I heard this place was opening, I was stoked. At last, there was to be a non-chain fine dining restaurant on the West side. It only took a year and half for me to go there. I justify this lapse as giving them plenty of time to get the kinks out.

In order to beat the noise and crowds, we went for an early dinner on Friday. Our server was very amiable and polite, but I'm not entirely sure of his knowledge of the restaurant's products. 

Upon looking at the menus, I must agree with the previous reviewer who stated that the dishes offered were uninspired. There were several items that looked good, but none that I felt were "must try" or innovative. 

I was pleased to see several classic cocktails on the drinks menu. However, when I ordered one, it was made improperly. This seems to be the common theme with Skye -- they aim high, but miss the mark.

When the appetizers arrived, I thought they were like Applebee's-type offerings, but made with fancier ingredients (e.g. the duck and brie quesadilla). The coconut shrimp tasted like something out of the freezer.

The shrimp in my entree were woefully overcooked, at the risotto did not taste of tequila or cayenne, as the menu promised. My companion's steak was rather good, but her mashed potatoes looked like plastic, and tasted odd, as if maybe they contained parsnips or turnips. It's no surprise that we did not stay for dessert.

I am torn, because I thought the food was so blah. Yet selfishly, I want Skye to succeed, in the hopes that more restaurants will want to make a go on the West side.
OK. I'm a CenPho snob. A yelp elitist. I admit it. I own it. So when I found out I was going to Peoria for an event, I had already formed my opinion. Cheesey place with cheesey people. God, I love being right! This place is HUGE. Over 14,500 square feet of restaurant, bar, stage and patio space. The event was very disorganized and it was difficult getting a server. I can't knock the restaurant so much for this. And I'll yelp the event seperately. It seems as thoug the food du jour at restaurants everywhere is an upscale macaroni and cheese. And SKYE serves there's with chunks of lobster. Dee lish. Of course you could serve mac n cheese with human toes and I'd still scrape the plate with my fingers. The steak sticks were like skewers of shoe leather. Only leather would have been tastier. The calamari was crisp and tender served with sweet and sour and marinara sauces. Rickie's filet was devoured in seconds. So I'm assuming thumbs up on that. I wasn't feeling the pinot grigio so I switched to chilled Patron and Coronas. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Probably should have stopped drinking before midnight. But. I didn't. I guess if you live out here, this could be a happening place. It just ain't happening for me.
we went to Skye for our 1-year anniversary(March 2007), and it was pretty much what I expected it to be...very pricey, but worth the expense for a special occasion.

we were seated in the lounge, where a(very talented) singer was breathing new life into hits by Sade and other great artists...the ambience was wonderful!

first things first: the bread basket--warm pumpernickel bread with sweet, soft butter...always so comforting!

for our appetizer, we ordered the coconut shrimp, which was wonderful--large, juicy, evenly coated with crisp coconut, and served with sweet teriyaki and spicy wasabi...

for my entree, I ordered the shrimp puerto penasco--slightly spicy with soft, mouth-wateringly good risotto--perfection!

he ordered the st. louis pasta, accompanied by plenty of sweet sausage and covered in a creamy tomato sauce--we had to bring the rest of that one home haha!

for dessert, we ordered the cheesecake 'lollipops'--3 chunks of cheesecake(chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry) on sticks, covered in chocolate and served with raspberry dipping sauce--wow! that was the piece de resistance, for sure!...but *before* our dessert was brought out(to go--we were pretty full by then), they brought us a slice of flourless chocolate cake(so rich and decadent), and written around the edge of the plate, in chocolate sauce, was 'Happy Anniversary'...a lovely touch, and so delicious...

a great meal, great service!
Skye: in a nutshell
Drinks: Pretty damn good
Food: Decent, nothing spectacular
Music: Great, esp after drinks - an older British fellow and his Bonnie Tyler-wannabe partner do a pretty decent job of getting the fifty-somethings up to do The Hustle (although to be honest it's more like "the Shuffle" with that crowd).
Pretention factor: Way High - this  place is the closest thing to a hot spot that the over 30 upper mid class has had in Peoria. People were spiffed up walking in the door!!
Bathrooms: Very clean
Service: very attentive and personable
Valet: A nice touch

After a day at Dolce salaon and spa, me and the spousal unit went with another couple to eat overpriced but decent grub, get tipsy, and basically enjoy the afterglow of a day of various massages. Skye is very, how do I say, "Vegas-loungey", maybe, but folks of all ages and shapes and sizes and varying degrees of clumsiness were dancing to the sounds of a man and woman who were British and actually pretty good. 

Great music was also played during the band's intermission as well. 

As for the sociological aspect, I saw lots of desperate forty-something gold digger types in varying types of sequin/thong/halter outfits cozying up to older gentlemen at the bar. (you can dress the girl up but that "trailer tarnish" gives 'em away every time!) Ran into one in the bathroom, up close they ain't so cute! But the bar at Skye is nice and dark.

All in all, a fun night out, if you can afford about $195 per couple, and the chance of a broken hip.
This place has awesome architecture, elegant lighting, private rooms, and a big dance floor, and great spirit.

SKYE is half way there to realizing my dream of bringing swing dancing back to popular culture. They have GREAT big band music and two of owners double as music performers which is super cool to see. 

They used to have this Steak Pizziola, which is kinda like chicken parmesian only with an amazing cut of tender juicy steak smothered to perfection in this sensational mozzarella mix resting in a bed of some perfect tomato glaze.

 I also had a bottle of Chimay beer from Belgium which is honestly amazing beer I recommend that to anyone, Def pricey but totally worth it. Get it at Aj's fine foods or Bevmo, somewhere like that.

I've been here numerous times which the location is across the street from Cucina Tagliani: which is my all time fav.
Soooo wanted to enjoy this place. Like many on the West side, wanted a unique place to go w/o traveling to Snottsdale. First impressions were great - architecture, variety - but when it came to the basics such as making a mojito (with spiced dark rum?!), and getting our food (cold calamari) and the server looking at me like I had my head sewn to the carpet when I asked him to fix it - killed it for me. 

I may give it another go, but not anytime soon. With the economy the way it is, you would think they would try extra hard to please those who are still able to enjoy a night out once and awhile. Perhaps when the holiday spirit strikes I will try again.
Skye is an interesting concept. Different rooms with different musical acts playing.....it seems like it would be a fun place to have dinner. But, I just couldn't get comfortable with my surroundings and was eager to wrap up dinner and get home as quickly as I could. 

The food was good, but not great. The Cesar salad was what you'd expect. The chicken breast that I had was, again, mediocre. I will say that the couscous was a highlight of the meal. Still, every time the door to our dining room opened, the music from the adjoining room BLASTED in. I think I may have permanent ear damage. Seriously, the conversation had to stop every time a server walked into our room. 

Overall, Skye was 3-stars. Decent food......good service.....overpowering music. If I find myself on the west side at dinner time, I may try it again. But, I won't be going out of my way to eat there anytime soon.
My husband and I have been here several times and always enjoy the entertainment. The food is pretty good too. My only complaint would be that the service is not always good. The last time we went (which has been about a year ago) the service was so bad we haven't been back since.
Went to Skye for the first time in 12/09 for a  work party. I honestly didn't know what to expect, but WOW was I impressed. The night started with drinks and the Seafood tower, which was devoured before I got to try much of it. I will say that the Shrimp were the biggest that I have ever seen in AZ. Everyone raved about the quality of the seafood, so I will take their word for the oysters and crab legs. 

At dinner I was impressed to find out that the special that day was a bone-in fillet mignon. Yes, bone-in. I had never had one before and determined that there was no other need to examine the menu. 

By far the best steak that I have ever had! I consider myself a bit of a steak preppy, but this was incredible. Flavor was amazing and cooked absolutely perfectly. If you are planning on visiting SKYE, be sure to call ahead and ask for the bone-in fillet as I was told they don't always order them, but will if you request it in advance.

Also, the sides come in a sharing style portion, so don't be afraid to pass them around the table. The cheesy scallop potatoes were awesome! I highly recommend!

Service here was about as profressional as I have ever had in Phoenix. Overall, based on this 1 experience - 5 Stars for sure. 

Can't wait to go back and check out the live music during dinner the next time I go.
A little pricey, but lots of fun. I purchased groupons for myself and as gifts for friends. The groupon includes 2 tickets for the "concert" and $35 off dinner. Did the "Blond Day" concert with 3 friends. The entertainment was a hoot. The Debby Harry wannabe singer did an excellent job and has a fantastic voice. Enjoyed myself immensly!

I have to say the steak in the special 3-course dinner was awesome and well presented with side of mashed potato and veggies. The salad was terrific with gorgonzola, strawberries and sugared walnuts and lightly dressed with a balsamic vinagrette. The creme brulee was not anything to write home about, but just passable.
The service is great, the food's pretty good, and the drinks are great (they put dry ice in the drinks so they're all bubbly and exciting looking), but I am just not a fan.

For what you get, the food seems completely overpriced. The atmosphere is nice but it's definitely for an older crowd, and is often quite empty. They sometimes have live music, and the background music is often country.. maybe another reason i'm not a fan.
i wen there for my anniversary and it was amzing.. it is formal attire they host live bands events and the dinning is great.. its also a club at times aswell as fine dinning amazing salads and i mean they go all the way out just on that special occasion. if u are planning somthing special or just want a nice dinner this is the place to go! especially if u r planning on purposing!
Skye Restaurant in Peoria, AZ .... Wish I was there! Just moved to Kansas and am missing out on this great deal!   :(

LOBSTER NIGHT IS BACK THIS TUESDAY! Chef Scott Tompkins is flying infresh lobster from the east coast again!
Enjoy one lb of fresh Live Lobster with red potatoes and sweet corn on the cob for $19.95! Add another fresh whole lobster to your plate for only $12.95. Space (and lobsters) are limited,so please call 623 334 0010to make your reservation
Went to see The Tokens, who sang their signature song: The Lion Sleeps tonite.  They were funny, very interactive with the audience, and just a generally good show,  

It was quite a drive from PV, not sure if I would go again?  I did not have the dinner menu - I've done dinner & a show kinda thing, not usually a good idea.  There are TONS of options around w/n walking distance.

The lounge?  MEH.  Had a fairly snotty waiter.  I ordered a "crisp, clean, NOT sweet" Rose, but he then returned and said it was not available, could he substitute another Rose?  I said as long as it was def. not sweet, he said indeed it wasn't.   Was the worst bottle of wine I've ever had.  (I know, I shoudl have sent it back, long story...)

Anyhow, the server at the show was amazing: fun, happy, quick, accomodating.  Little cheese cake lolli-pops were YUMMY !  So were the hand-cut potatoe chips with truffle dip.  Mmmmm :-)
If you are looking for an overpriced meal for mediocre food, this is it!  I understand "fine dining", but the prices here are absurd.  The pecan chicken is $17 and you get a little wing and what we thought was an artichoke heart on the plate.  I ordered a cesar salad (as I'm not too adverturous and don't like paying exorbent prices for food) and they charged me an extra $1 because it was my entree.  So charging extra because they couldn't make a big tip off of my meal!  Everything seems to be pretty much ala carte.

Called about their happy hour as we were going for an early dinner for a family celebration and was told that it was in the main dining room only.  However once we were seated were told that it was only at the bar and high top tables, which were literally just feet away from where we were sitting.  Therefore any option I had of a normal dining experience was erased with fancy, overpriced "foo-foo" food.
After our week in Page, we spent a few nights in Sun City with my Mom and Grandma. Since we were there in summer (which is a rarity for me) I was able to talk Grandma into going somewhere besides the Elephant Bar and a place without having a coupon! As luck would have it, she suggested Skye saying it was a wonderful place and she knew we would enjoy it as an early birthday celebration for my husband. 

Man oh man was this a great restaurant. Actually it seems like it is half restaurant, half night club and with our 5:30 reservation (yes, this was a "late" dinner for my Grandma), we of course only spent time in the actual restaurant. 

We were a party of 6 and 4 of us had a cocktail to start. My cosmo was one of the "specials" and was nice and strong for only $6.00. It was the most creative cosmo I have had as it came with a little dry ice in it. Grandma was very happy with her martini and well, no one said much as we drank and perused the menu whilst nibbling on a really good and creative bread basket. 

My husband and I shared mostly everything and others on the table traded bites. We started with both the Caesar salad and lobster bisque. I was highly impressed with both. The Caesar had homemade croutons and dressing and were very tasty and the lobster bisque was heavenly-not too rich and full of real lobster (even in Arizona!). My daughter had a specialty salad with Gorgonzola and strawberries and loved every morsel. Since I don't eat stinky cheese, I cannot attest to the taste but she keeps talking about the salad. 

For our entree, Kevin and I shared a bone-in ribeye. This was what 3 of the six(4 if you count me) ordered. My mom had the fish special which was melt in your mouth to die for and my daughter had the filet. The sides are huge and are meant for sharing (like Fleming's or Ruth Chris), so 5 of us shared baked potatoes and mushrooms while the last of our party had the twice baked that no one else got to taste (must have been good).

Our steak was incredible and rivals with my memories of Durant's. I savored every cholesterol increasing bite. My Grandma enjoyed hers so much she looked over to me and thanked me for insisting we go somewhere different.

Unbeknownst to me, 2 desserts were brought out with candles to celebrate the upcoming birthday of my husband and other part of our party. The desserts were delicious and beautifully presented and since they were "on the house", my Grandma was pleased. 

I am coming back to the Phoenix area at the end of the month for a couple of nights and am already angling for a reason to come back to Skye...I loved it, I really loved it!
My review is of the cooking class offered once a month on Tuesdays!  We "won" this during a silent auction.  Chef Scott was very entertaining and the class very informative.  The food was delish shrimp on an sweet potato/apple cake (like a potatoe latke), swiss eggs with spinach salad, an autumn vegetable couscous, and cheesecake with cranberry.  All of this with wine for $50....this is a great deal friends.  It seems there is a bit of a cooking cult following so make your reservations early.
Just saw Beach Toys at the Skye.  Very good show.  Food great and serve wonderful.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the show.
This place is wonderful! Great band that sound so much like the real thing that you have to wonder if it's them incognito.  We have seen Rush, Heart, and Fleetwood Mac/Stevie Nicks here and all were great.  Rush was probably the best with Fleetwood Mac coming in a close second.  The food is good as well.  We usually do a pre-fix at $30, includes salad, steak, and desert. Oh and totally well decorated and well appointed.  Classy without being snooty.
My first time at Skye last night.  I was both impressed and  disappointed.  This review is intended to advise the potential "next customer" and advise the ownership that some attention is needed.

First the disappointment:  The audio set-up and volume control, or its attention, is abysmal.  It was so LOUD and blaring (both pre-show and during the show) from huge elevated top-front speakers that you cannot talk with any comfort to either your table cohorts nor the servers.   Headache city!   Likewise, the overpowered mic/speakers caused the comedians to be shouting at the audience rather than delivering the good comedy of which they were clearly capable.    Unfair to both the entertainer and customer; all, for no reason.

The good: everything else!  Easy to reach location and parking.  Super facility, cleanliness, congeniality, service.  The show prices are very fair.  The food and drinks are expensive but excellent!

Go to SKYE, just don't sit anywhere in the front half of the show lounge.  Maybe this way the ownership will get the volume problem message.
It is pricey, but worth it.  I am a steak eater.  The 16 oz. New York strip with a ton of pepper is the best I've had.  It is cooked as you ordered it. The wait staff is excellent.
I've been here a few times and this is a really tough one to review. Let's start with the bad. The live music is always pretty cheesy. And they charge extra like it's some famous bad or something, when really it's a tribute/cover band. And not just $5 (in which case I could handle). They charge a min. of $20. Really? The sound system is of poor quality and the bands are corny. Whatever!

Now onto the food. They food here is actually really good. The last time I was there I ordered from the fixed 3-course menu and all 3 courses were above what I expected. But it was way overpriced for what you get. Maybe avoid the fixed menu to save a few bucks. 

Lastly, and the best part... The drinks! Once again, very expensive. But well worth it. I ordered a Cosmo which can out smoking with dried ice which was super groovy. And had wonderful flavor too. And the best part, got a nice buzz from it. 

Overall I would probably go there again just for dinner and drinks, no lame, overpriced show. And avoid the fixed menu so my wallet doesn't have a heart attack!
Quite disappointing for an 'upscale' restaurant.  Entree price range is around 25-50 dollar range.  Being that the meals are pricey, you expect the service and atmosphere to justify that.  They charge $3 for valet, and they don't have the front staff open the door when you arrive.  They didn't know where to seat us and left us standing in the middle of the dining room while they went back to the front desk to figure it out. Not something you'd really get ticked about at a Claim Jumper but if you're going to bill yourself as upscale, get your service right. Our waiter screwed up my order and tried to blame me for his lack of knowing his menu.  I ordered seared ahi tuna (exactly what it says on the menu) and he brought out the ahi tuna a la diablito.  He tried to say that the tuna is seared.. and then said "I'll see what the chef can do."  Hopefully the chef taught him how to listen, get orders correct, and to think before opening his mouth.

Food around the table,
-  Wedge salad - Good but obviously not a complicated thing to prepare.
-  Seared ahi tuna - It was bland, overcooked (how you overcook a sear is puzzling).  Not high quality and poor presentation.  
-  Surf & Turf - Lobster was good.  However, go to your local grocer, pick up a cheap cut of meat, marinade it... save 52 dollars.  I probably could have scored a better steak at an IHOP.  As an upscale restaurant, I'm surprised they aren't a little embarrassed to serve such a low quality piece of meat.  It was also under seasoned.
-  Ahi tuna a la diablito - High quality sushi that was pretty good.  Small portion though, and the orzo wasn't that good.  
-  Had a couple of desserts and they were both good.

I'm not normally a picky person when it comes to service, but when you're paying 30-50 for a plate of food, I expect the restaurant to get the service right, and make it an experience for the guest.  There really isn't one thing on the menu that makes you say, "I can only go to Skye for that".  

Surprisingly their drinks are pretty affordable.  Overall, stick to Scottsdale if you want a true 'upscale' experience.  In the world of upscale restaurants, this is the weird cousin that nobody talks to.
We have never been to a show here before but we went last night for dinner and to enjoy the Rod Stewart show followed by the Rolling Stones! Rod was good and the Stones were awesome! The food was better than expected & food prices were reasonable. All seats are good seats at this place! Will be coming back for sure!!!
Did you know that SKYE is open for lunch (Mon-Sat)
Did you know they have a Yelp certificate $15 buys you $30

The lunch menu is mostly salads , burgers and a few sandwiches that are served quickly because it is considered a business lunch .

I ordered a medium rare bun-less burger topped with fried egg fresh sauteed spinach and it came with a side of fresh cut fruit . My burger and fried egg came out WELL Done , but the burger was juicy  so this was fine with me . This meal was seasoned nicely and the fruit was fresh cut and someone took the time to supreme the orange segments . 

The SKYE interpretation of the Cubano Sandwich is not for everyone .
The Cubano came on  a very soft roll instead of the baguette that was listed on the menu , and the filling was an extremely mild pulled pork in an almost mustard creamy Swiss cheesy sauce also extremely mild with flavor . ( so it was a saucy substance on the Squishy bread) served with steak fries .

My husband said , "this is squish on Squish" but he did try some of my burger and said it was good and he would eat a burger from here .

The server we had was very attentive and asked if I would like bread in case I wanted it .

Worth a try (but you have been warned about the Cubano)
1st time going to this show club. We just had a coke & dessert before the show ABBA. Dessert was very good - ABBA Tribute band was awesome, we had a really good time & really enjoyed the show. My only complain was I didn't know there was a two item per person minimum each person had to order to eat in the Platinum Room on the main floor to watch the show. That was not good to find out until we actually got there - but other than that we really enjoyed the evening & will definitely go back another night.
I love Skye.  I was turned on to this place in June of this year, and I go on a regular basis now.  So the deal is you have to buy tickets, and 2 menu items for each patron.  Some menu items are expensive while others are not priced too bad.  If you plan it right you can have a cocktail, and share a few appetizers and get out for $30 for two.  The food is good, not awesome, just good.  Most of the acts are really good.  I've been to a few that were unimpressive, but overall I have been very pleased.  So if you are looking for something different compared to the dinner and movie thing I say head over to Skye.  The owners are terrific too.  You can really tell the people that own and work there really care about their image.  My only complaint is the valet parking.  They block off too many spaces, and honestly the place isn't that big/fancy to justify that much (if any) valet parking.
This is so hard. The platinum room is a great venue for music. This was my second time at the club and it left me unimpressed. We went with the intention to eat there. I was reminded why I usuallly stay away from seafood in a venue such as this. 
The band was great, Cold shott and the huricane horns  played well. two 15 minute breaks in 2 hours is a bit much. 
From the beginning of the night the waitress seemed REALLY busy, empty glasses were common. We saw the water/busboy more than our waittress At the end of the niight I had to flag another waitress to get the bill from our waitress.

The food was not $20 a plate value. We had the coconut shrimp for an appetizer, for dinner I had the salmon and my husband had the sirloin sliders. I give one thing to the kitchen, they are consistent. All was overcooked and dry. And it seems that thier main entrees do not come with sides, you have to order the $6 pilaf and a veggie on the side (in addition to the entree). I have seen this before in upscale restaurants. They usually include some parsley or something on the plate. Not Skye. This was another fail for the waitress, she did not que the sides at all. she simply took the order. It would have been fine if she offered, "would you like any sides with that?"
we waited for 45 minutes at least for the food after ordering. The club was not busy! I cant help but wonder ifthe food w s done more timely and then spent another considerable amount of time under the warming lights. That would explain the dryness.

Come on guys, I know we are in tough times and business is not up to par, but try at least! And fire the chef,
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the rotating stage and entertainment while dining. The staff were professional and their service and food was outstanding. Over all a great experience and it's definitely worth the drive - especially during special occasions.
Its an OK restaurant, the seafood is much better than the steak, but not much to really talk about. They use dry ice in their drinks but the effect only lasts like 5 minutes. Overpriced, VERY empty when we went there, and I dont think we'll be back.
Overprice, but Fun

The drinks & food are way overpriced and if you already paid for show tickets, it really adds up. But, if you were comped or won tickets to a show, it's worth it because they usually have first-rate entertainment. The kids menu is generously portioned, the appetizers are super yummy (get the asparagus!) and the martinis strong. Just be sure to bring your credit card cuz you'll need it!
So, i went to see Javier Colon in concert on Tuesday night....which i had been waiting for an opportunity to see him perform live since 2004, so i was stoked about going. I ordered the tickets, which were front row btw, at a decent price for seats reserved...not bad for $38 per ticket i thought. I waited a week and a half for my tickets to make their journey through the mail, but still nothing, even on the day of the concert, nada! I called and was told they would be there at will call for me, so i show up after struggling to find a sitter for my daughter and the long drive from Queen Creek, only to just be escorted to our seats, no ticket stub for a keepsake or anything(AWESOME #1....not). 
We get to our table and not only are the seats i reserved not empty, but apparently they thought i'd be cool with letting someone else sit in one of our reserved seats and myself or my wife just slide over one. Well, that would have been cool if i wanted my head right next to a PA system, and to krank my neck up like i was talking to Shaq for 3 hours, but not only do i like my hearing, but i also have a bulging disc in my neck....(AWESOME #2!). 
When we were seated, it took roughly 15 minutes before a server came to speak with us even to ask us if we wanted a drink or menus...sure why not....my wife and i decide that we will each get one item, i was gonna get a beverage and she was getting a desert, since we had just eaten dinner while on the way to the show. About 10 minutes later, a different server approached us, we gave our order...only to be told that we must both order 2 items minimum, otherwise it will be an additional $10 per person(Awesome #3) I'm pretty sure i paid for my concert ticket, not a food plate...thanks though, not so much!
We finally just got fed up so that we told the server we were not going to order any item, only to be told, rudely i might add, that it states such on the ticket stub(which once again we hadn't received). Obviously not an issue i could help them with, especially seeing as how their was barely even walking room for anyone over 95 lbs. Crowded is a good thing for a concert, but do you really want the assortment of food smells and liquors mixed with the other customers bad breath as the scent of a date night. (That's #4!)
After the show was over, right as we were in the process of getting up from our seats to make our way to the door, our original server approaches us, immediately apologizing for the other servers actions and tone. We stated it was fine but we will definitely never be going back. For being nice, so to speak...i'd rather stick to real venues...that actually are about service, not dollars...one thing i have learned in my life...treat people right, be treated right....No TIP FOR YOU!.
Awesome venue and great food. I'm a fan and will be back
Just got back from a Great experience at Skye.  We saw a Fleetwood Mac/ Stevie Nicks tribute band here.  They were good, venue was comfy, with a good sound system.  The burger I had was $12 and one of the best I've had in quite a while.  I look forward to going back!  I enjoyed it enough to give it 4 stars but held back because$38 for a ribeye is just too much!  This is a concert venue not Mortens...
Luckily, we had a gift certificate for dinner here (it was in December 2011, but never got around to writing a review). Total for two of us was $88, which included a couple of beers and a glass of wine. The Riesling was amazing!!  
Started out with the calamari appetizer, which was light, crispy, and yummy. Dipping sauces complimented it quite well. For the main course, I had the salmon piccata, which was decent, but nothing amazing ($18). I'm not a huge fan of prime rib, but my friend ordered it and said it was fantastic ($28). None of the main courses come with sides, so you order them family style. We got the mashed potatoes, which were also good. 
Didn't get to see any of the entertainment, as we went prior to a hockey game. Ambiance was fancy, but there were people in jeans to business attire. 
Won't be going back for a few reasons...A) it's closed! B) the pricing doesn't warrant frequent visits and C) it's pretty far from home.
A bit pricey, but delicious food, yummy martinis, and excellent attentive waitstaff.
Oh Sandbar I am sooooo confused. Do people come here to eat, drink, or dance?!?!?! It was Saturday night, the line was wrapped around the building which is a joke because you do not want to WAIT to be in this place!!! Security everywhere and cops in the parking lot just waiting for someone to get rowdy. Very welcoming as if the President were here with the Secret Service!?!? I did not want to wait!! Where theres a will, theres a way!! We walked up to the VIP line (Yes theres a VIP line at a "Mexican Grill") they let our group right in it helps if your group is no males and cute girls of course ;) No cover for ladies thank god I'd never pay to come here!!

So we get in and head for the bar theres a wait of course!! We get our first round and look for a place to get comfy for the night. We got lucky and found a large dirty table in the corner where we could watch everyone from afar. We also got the cute waitress that didnt know how to clean tables go figure. 

Do not try to get on the dance floor here it is the dumbest thing you can do unless you want to feel like a sardine in a can, then by all means dont let me stop you!! The music I must say is ghetto fabulous with all the rap and I can not count how many times I saw the Pussycat Dolls on the screen. Great dancing music if say this were in fact a dance club!?!? 

The grill smell I had to endure all night and bring home with me on my clothes does have me curious about the food here so I will return but only during the day when this place is not cluttered with security and is somewhat less amusing to my senses.
This place has a ton of flat screens around the bar and throughout the restaurant, with a huge projection screen in another raised enclave.  There is an outdoor bar with surrounding tables but I didn't notice any tv screens outside.  The seats @ the indoor bar suck, so I lobbied for a booth.  (The bar seats were like retro, high chairs that lacked a back you could lean into a lil too high, even for my legs).

Happy hour included a few 1/2 priced appetizers that the waitress highlighted.  She also provided a thorough explanation of speechless communication that would ensure our miller lites continued.  If you face the empty bottle @ the end of the table with the label facing outward, she'd pick up the empties for replacement.  I only forgot about this rule once & received a fresh bottle while I still had a 1/4 bottle left.

No clue how much the beers were but the deal seemed pretty good, since we had @ least 10 beers & an appetizer for $30.  The folks there seemed to run a tidy & expedient little operation and overall my experience was a'ight.
So I've been to Sandbar like a million times in Scottsdale but I have never been to the one in Peoria, AZ. I have 1 friend who is always bugging me to go to "her side of town." I decided to venture out there the other night and it was totally worth it! Every night of the week has different drinks and dinner deals. We went on a Wednesday which was open mic night. It was so cool watching different bands and people singing their songs. After that they had their resident DJ (which they do several nights a week) and he was awesome. It was so fun to get out of the usual scene. There is always something new and exciting going on so I'll go back for sure!
This place is always a good time. You can expect a good crowed and fairly inexpensive drinks. The staff is good at being quick with your orders. Once you get a little liquid courage in you they also have a decent dance floor. When the night winds down they have a kitchen with a decent menu to take care of those cravings. If your on the westside be sure to check this place out.
The place was pretty large, meaning that there was plenty of elbow room.  There's sand on the floor for the outside and a wading pool for the hot days.  There are many private areas in this bar, so if you wanted a private party (sort of), it'd be a good place.  A wide range of music is played here, with music videos played for the songs.  

Kind of cool, there are seats at the bar, stools with tables for high seating, couches, restaurant style seating, it's a place for everyone.  I wish I got on the dance floor, but I was talking to my friend I haven't seen in years!
I took the wife and kids here for happy hour/dinner.  We experienced friendly, great service.  They brought us a huge bucket of chips that I couldn't even finish.  The rest of the food was tasty and portions were large. 

 Not a bad place to stop for a snack and a beer.
My teenage son and I met my mom there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  We sat at the bar outside and enjoyed the very casual, laid back sandbar area.  We ordered the Carne Asada tacos, the Veggie tacos and the Mexican Cob Salad.  

The great:
The Veggie Tacos were phenomenal!!  I'm not even a huge veggie taco fan but they were crazy good.  Perfectly grilled and seasoned portobello shrooms, grilled peppers and onions, fresh guac and some sprouts on top - but the kicker was the "tortilla".  At first we thought it was a rice paper tortilla but then figured it out that it was simply an ultra thin slice of jicama!  How freakin' cool is that??

The salsa!  It was the best.... after our own homemade salsa.  Tasted fresh, had a smooth kick at the end with a great roasted flavor to it.  and the chips that came with it were crisp and thick.

The good:
My salad!  Yummy mixed greens (real lettuce, not romaine or iceburg), roasted corn, jicama, tomatoes, paper thin shredded carrots, black beans....i had them hold the bacon.  But it was a great combo, good size and filling.

The OK:  The carne asado tacos were ok.  Nothing special.  There were 3 small flour tortillas with ok seasoned, ok cuts of steak.  If you wanted rice & beans it was an extra $3.  meh.

Overall - I would come back.  The food was an the upside of good and the ambiance is pretty cool.
I don't get to make it over to this side of town very often, but when I do I always try to stop in to the Sandbar. 

All Sandbar's are set up the same inside and out, mini pool by the from entrance, sand around the bar outside, private cabanas, and dance floor inside. The dance floor at this one is a bit bigger than the one in Scottsdale I think which is nice. 

They have tons of specials all the time, great DJ, and usually get the UFC and Boxing fights on pay-per-view. The staff is awesome and always takes care of everyone. They also through a pretty awesome party for Cinco De Mayo, with live bands and contests. 

If you are over their you should defiantly stop in, have some fish taco's and a corona and tell Kelly that Aimee H. sent you! :-)
LOVE this bar/restaurant. first, it's extrememly cool with an indoor and outdoor venues. they open a large glass wall so you feel like you are part of the outside. the inside is full of beautiful large tvs from every angle for every sports lover. it's done in a tropical them. the outside has a large bar with seating on all four sides of the bar. there's numerous tables outside, private cabanas, misters, dirt all over the floor, and a grill where they cook up chicken and carne asada tacos. it resembles an indoor / outdoor restuarant/bar that you would exprience in the tropics. they have happy hour every single day til 7pm. they have reduced priced appetizers for $5 each including my favorite calamari. if you like your wings hot, and i mean hot, this is the place for you. the wings are much larger then most places. they have a full menu ranging from mexican food, american food, and seafood. their drinks are cheap. bottles on happy hour are $2.00. mixed drinks are also reduced. all of the food i've gotten here is good. the appetizers are awesome and i generally go for the reduced priced appetizers. so, it;s a very cool place. tropically themed. you can sit outside in the misters and feel like you're on a beech. they have different specials every day including $1.50 tacos, $5 angus burgers & fries, and others. Go here for the good cheap food, cheap beers $2.00 and catch a game on one of their many large tvs. this is my favorite spot and i'm never disappointed. you also don't need to reserve a private cabana. there are comfortable couches and chairs in the cabanas with private tvs. the outside is very cool. you really do think you're in the tropics somewhere.

ok, new update as of today, sept 15, still love this bar/restaurant, however, they stopped having their reduced priced appetizers on saturdays and sundays. this is one major reason i love this place since alot of bars/restaurants don't do 1/2 off or reduced appetizers on weekends. they stopped because of football. still have their specials during the week. so, during a sunday game, i'd go to rt osullivans, 35cent wings, cheap drinks, giant tvs, another 5 star place.
Went to see a movie with the hubby today and decided to stop and get some lunch before,we had a choice between the sandbar and blu burger, I made the wrong choice! Dont get me wrong ive been to the sandbar at night on the weekend and I loved it but I didnt eat anything those times and frankly I didnt even know they served food during the day.Anyways so we show up and its kind of weird looking around this place while its light outside! But we are seated at a booth by the kitchen.....I hate sitting by the kitchen! not because I think im better than anyone else but because I dont like people looking at me when I eat, I usually have food falling out of my mouth or something when the servers look at me lol.I ordered the chicken chimi and the hubby ordered a steak burrito, they both came with rice and beans, I thought we would get some chips and salsa to munch on but that didnt happen,the drink glasses are big so you dont have to get a million refills.when our food arrived I looked at it and knew it was going to be horrible.the chimi had no sauce on it and just a little bit of melted mozzarella cheese on top....mozzarella on mexican food? then I looked at the rice and laughed,the rice they use is like the lipton mexican rice you get in the grocery store,I actually think thats what they use! the beans were flavorless and had more mozzarella cheese on them, come on people! the chimi was ok,not very much flavor and not very good.Now there are mexicans cooking this food I wonder what they think about this.the hubby liked his burrito though......not much coming from him though because he liked the rice! my hubby is a total white boy and im guessing thats why he liked it! Now im white also but I lived with a mexican family for 6 years so I know what REAL mexican food is and that  is what I expect when I go to a mexican restaurant,That didnt happen here and I will never go back here.....to eat that is!  so if you like totally Americanized mexican restaurants you may like the sandbar but if you actually know what real mexican food looks and tastes like your going to be very very disappointed with this place!
Kelley is Awesome. I gave her a text as we rolled up, we were met at the door, and cruised in with no cover. This place was popping! Not really my thing anymore...too young, and too much volume (not the music, just the flow of drinks and people). We went to the bar and right as we were ready to order, a young woman asked me what my name was, I said Toby, and she replied to her friend to her left...It is him! Crazy I knew her friend from 10 years earlier. She goes remember me, I said yes, married to Andre, 2 kids, and nice to see you again. She replied, Divorced, Andre is an asshole, and great to see you again. We met up with Kelley again in the sand, by the water, to hook her up with a shot for being so cordial. Like I sais...not my scene any longer. My buddies had some good drinks, we left one there, and we moved on. Overall it was good. We had a few tacos from the taco dude, they were very taste at 12am.
Friday night, meting a several friends for a drink. They had a live bad and the weather was great. 

That was the good of it. 

The server, while nice, was slooow and the drinks were weeeeak. The prices are average, which makes a bad combo. 

Once the band stopped and the house music started it pretty much killed the fun. 

Was not a fan of the food last time but neglected to eat this time.
This place was absolutely rocking last night! My group and I dressed up to attend the Zombie Carnival and enter the costume contest. We played Sandbar Jenga that was made for GIANTS out of sliced 2x4's, popped some balloons on the dart board to win prizes and received all of our first drinks on the house! This is my 5th time coming here for the night life and I love how this place is totally relaxed and spacious. In that sense I mean, there are always plenty of people to keep a great vibe going all night long, but I don't bump into them every 5 seconds or get drinks spilled on me. 
It's a win-win!

I agree the dance floor is super small, but why do you need that? You can dance anywhere! 

They always have cheap drink specials $2, $3 and $5 and offer penny drinks between certain times. It's been a while since I tried the food here, but I remember it being good. 

I love that the outside is part of the inside... or inside part of the outside and they have an all night taco stand.

Oh and I dropped something on the dark floor, Kelli, one of the managers brought me a flashlight right away. I must say she was wonderful and is quite good looking!
This place is amazing! I have so much fun every time I go to The Sandbar. They have some of the best events held here. This Halloween they had a costume contest and games where you can win prizes, and they even had turkey bowling around Thanksgiving last year. Also during the holidays they make some of the best drinks that go with that specific holiday theme,  they are so delicious! The food here is also very good, I really enjoy getting their tacos here, they taste absolutely fantastic! The service is really great, everyone seems really friendly and very quick to serve. Kelli, one of the managers that work there is super cool. She is so friendly and helpful, and is a mega hottie! If you are looking for a place with a fun atmosphere, and to get awesome drinks and food, The Sandbar is the place to be! Also they even have a short bus that takes people to and from Cardinal games! How awesome is that!
I'm giving this place a solid 3 stars simply because its all over the place and I can't choose between love it and hate it.

Been here as a club- mostly love. Fun, very relaxed, good times. 

As a restaurant- oh boy. Used to come for $1 tacos on sundays to watch football, had a blast!  Knew a particular server so service was attentive. Then I went one day.. food tasted different. Went again- food not so good and higher prices? Not a good sign. Went last night to sit and watch the Cards get their ass beat (I'm a fan, but cmon.. this year its been handed to us)
Ok- hot bartender. Stiff drink. Fries. Lots and lots of screens to watch us lose on. These were the positives.

Druunnnkk guy hitting on me @ 7 and us losing the game (not Sandbars fault). A new sandwich that had: terrible bread falling apart, beans, lettuce, tomato, onion, pineapple, avocado, queso fresca, chicken, ham, and some sauce. Wow. Dear God, refine this sandwich before it makes its way onto the menu. Way too much going on. These were the negatives.

The couple ever so quietly getting it on in the bathroom so it actually took me a few moments to realize what was happening? Undecided. Not gonna lie, it kept a smile on my face for awhile.

Ill be back, I like the atmosphere. Ill just try not to be hungry
Great tea and chicken chimi, unfortunately it stopped there. 
First of all the seats are horrible and pitch you forward causing you to have to put your feet up on the table rail to push yourself back onto the seat. We got our drinks, ice tea for both of us, very fresh brewed tea. As a matter of fact, some of the best ever. Then the guacamole came out...not bad but nothing great, wouldn't get it again. Next came the entrees. Chicken chimichanga, Spanish rice, guacamole, black beans and lettuce & tomatoes. Let's go down the list. Chicken chimi: excellent. Spanish rice: inedible. Guacamole: had gone bad, why on the same order one is good and one is bad is beyond me. Black beans: under seasoned, didn't eat 'em. Lettuce & tomatoes: didn't even try it, got one piece of lettuce with a bite of chimi and it was sour.
Now on to the staff. Our waitress was adequate but the wait staff and bar staff on a whole stood around and talked way too much to each other. One of the cooks did little more than talk on his cell phone while waiting on orders. The girl working with him had to literally yell at him in order to get his attention so that he would work.

I won't be going back. If it weren't for the chimi I would have given 1 star.

Update: The assistant manager contacted me and offered coupons to come back or refund my money. I couldn't bring myself to get the coupons to go back nor could I justify getting my money back because then I would feel obligated to go back. No change to my rating, I just thought it fair to let others know that they do seem to care that they get bad feedback.
Sand between my toes...tents with TVs...I don't care if it's by heavy traffic near the 101, this place knows how to deliver in the atmosphere department.

At night, Sandbar is a dance club. Not my type of scene, but despite the narrow space, this place gets packed. Yes, there will be some cute airheads. Pop your collar and walk right in!

During the day is when this place really shines. The $2 beers from 3-7 every day, along with the $5 appetizers is just great. Between slamming some Dos Equis, my friends and I enjoyed some miniature chimis and some tasty calamari. Their appetizers come out so fast, I almost had to question if they were made in advance. They were far too hot for that!

There are some entrees on the menu, but I'm sure they're on part with Chili's or a similar restaurant chain. Nothing about the food is fancy, but it won't be gross, either. This is as close to the beach as you're gonna get in this Phoenix.
Actually, not bad. Unlike MacFadden's (the other dance spot) this place has a disignated dance floor, so you're not fighting your way through drunk people flailing their arms to get to the bar. Drink prices are better than Westgates, Carne Asada tacos for drunk munchies, and a beach-like environment... Good music too.
Next stop! The SandBar "cervezas buey!"

Dance club at night, relax during the day time. Its Bi-polar goodness!

Rolled with my friends and the 'tenders were professional and according to my one of my friend were all "7up's." As long as they can make my drink strong and quick its "Sigur Ros phenomenal."  

4friends, 4 partons, and 4 hours later the dance floor was too small for us! Minus the midlife crisis'ers it was worth the drive. 

Great place to visit when in Phoenix.

Hint: its ok to bring sandals, you may want to feel the sand between your toes, good touch Sandbar.  
+
the Scottsdale SandBar brings a larger crowd

R\_
Always good food, the waitress did tell us that because they've gone "corporate" they had to change their salsa.  That was disappointing because I really liked their old style better.  Drinks are very well poured and atmosphere is always a blast.
It was sad ,  the server was the slow  , she so busy talking to the bartenders that she forgot us.  She finally remember us to take our order. It took 10 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 to get our food.We finally got our food. The tacos are just o.k.  nothing big at all. The salsa was blah . I just couldn't believe why they call mexican grill because it wasn't not here. I was not impress at on.
I totally dig the outdoor bar, sand, puddle and the crew.

Happy hour, misting spray, and mini chimi's too, YUMMY!

The manager can be a tool at times but overall this place is a cool hang. If your over 35, you may want to stay away from Friday nights. However, the special events, UFC, Cinco De Mayo, Etc, are awesome.
Pretty much just like Salty's but a little better, minus the sand volleyball. Half the it is outside, its got some sand and little toddler pool thingy.  I think the cover was $6, mixed drinks $8, shots $5, beers $3. If you order tequila and they ask you what kind, don't say surprise me. Dude, gave me some nasty tequila idk what kind it was but I've never hated tequila before, and smelled funny too. One bartender girl (a blonde with short hair) was rude she kept making weird faces when I walked up, ordered, and when I was talking with my friend, like I was offending her with my prescience idk what her problem was (maybe she had tourettes ?).  So my next drink I went all the way to the other side of the bar where all the crowds were to order. The dance floor is like a tiny pig pen thing that people cram themselves into, their all sweaty and bumping into each other, it sounds hot, but its quite funny to watch.  If a waitress comes around offering shots for $3 bucks don't bother they are super weak, not even tasty either. I did see a couple cute girls tho. The outside area offers a good place to talk with friends.
Food was good.  Service very slow, even on slow monday afternoon!  Had 4 Cabo Wabo Margaritas & not pleased w the fact that i dont even have a buzz.  $80 bill & no buzz=2 stars.  I mean u shld really kno how to make a descent margarita for a "sandbar.".  Ambiance was ok.  Expected more sand.... & shade.
We heard this was a happening place so we had to try it. We tried lunch so there wasn't much going on. The food and service were just average.
Great happy hour place for fun and relaxation for co-workers .  It is pricey if you go before happy hour starts.  They occasionally have live music too if that is your bag (not mine).  But not bad for being located in the middle of nowhere.
i loved the decor of the place, it's laid out well.

I enjoyed the hefty serving of guac but the salsa needs some serious work.  Tasted like tomatoes and vinegar, bleh!  Happy hour prices are pretty reasonable for the area.  Ladies night is nice but kind of a slow/boring night.

Word to the wise!!!  DO NOT PARK DOWN WIND OF THE MISTING SYSTEM!!!  My car was coated with junk. Made driving in our bright AZ sun kind of scary!!

I had to take it to be professionally cleaned to get the film off my car.  Major buzz kill
Poor service at front! Went in for dinner at 6  and was told by hostess that there's no availability because of reservations for fight at 730! No other options given ...would rather turn away customers that would most likely be done with dinner by 730!
One of the few places I will go on the west side and, of course, I'm about to tell you why.
First off, it's not at Westgate.  People have been shot and kill partying at Westgate.  Who wants to go there?  Not me.  I love my life!!  
If you're headed to a Cardinals game and don't want to pay a ridiculous amount of money for a parking pass nor tailgate at Westgate where people die, you should go to the Sandbar.  There's free parking at the fancy Park West shopping center AAAAAAAND the fine folks at Sandbar will escort you in their bus over to stadium when you've had your fill of build your own bloody Marys and tacos.  Don't worry, they'll pick you up from the game and bring you safely back to your car.
Speaking of the bus, if you live nearby, you can call and have them pick you up and take you home.  Now that's a classy bar.  They're concerned about your good time and safety.
Depending on the night, or day, you go, you can totally get a different vibe.  Up for a crazy night of dancing?  Go on a Friday or Saturday night.  Feel like chillaxing on a patio?  Go during happy hour.  Feel like some karaoke?  There's a night for that too.  There's even great live music during Friday happy hour. 
It's safe, friendly, the margaritas are strong, the vodka is well priced, the tacos are yummy... It's a good thing I don't live closer or else I'd probably never leave.
This place is okay to have a drink and do a little bit of dancing. The service can be slow sometimes and the food is okay. Overall, it's not a bad place to go to just hang out and be mellow on a Friday or Saturday night.
OK I am reading alot of good reviews about the Sandbar and I love the atmosphere. But what happened to the food?  Got the Mexican Cobb with the mixed greens. Since when was iceburg lettuce considered mixed greens? Oh well it was good at least.  My friend got the turkey melt with cold hard bread that banged the plate. And the fries were not only cold but hard and hollow on the inside. How can you mess up a french fry?  I have to admit I hardly ever complain but with food like that I will have a hard time coming back for more.  Sorry Sandbar, please kick up the menu for yummy treats and I would like to give you another try.
yes this place is always a good time and great managers.
Was here for drinks on a Saturday night.  They had a live band.  OMG, it is was loud and they were so not GOOD.  No wonder why people were sitting outside of the bar in the cold and without bartender service.  After our first and last drinks, we went home.
Not so great service. RESEATED twice without consideration to inconvenience. Moved out into the cold like cattle with drunks breaking glasses and throwing chicken wings. Highly doubt there will be a second visit.
My friends and I stopped by here one Friday before heading to a movie. Unfortunately it was the same night as the UFC fight and they almost didn't let us in until we promised them that we weren't staying for the fight and we'd be outta there before our "reserved" table was needed by the person who reserved it. 

The service was nice but slow which is funny because they were adamant about the fact that we needed to be out of there before 7.  The drinks were weak which was disappointing. The nachos were delicious though and the dinner selection was pretty good although it's obvious that the main stay of this place is the bar. Overall, it wasn't too bad and we'll probably go back another day when there's not a fight. :)
I don't like big crowds, so I go to this place off hours for the food. I have been there three times, and had take out once. I enjoyed the food and never had any problems with the service.  Love their nachos and fish tacos.  I see lots of younger reviewers liking the crowds, music, and happy hour fun, but the food is good too! Of course, the service is going to be slower when the place is jammed.  We attempted to go on a Friday and it was too crowded, so chose another restaurant.  But, we still will go when we don't see the crowds, for their good food.
Stay away from this place. The GM is a complete dick. He kick me out because his buddies crashed out cabana we asked them to leave, they started to fight with us and we get kicked out. Screw this place and don't waste your money or your time at this place!!!!!!

Needless to say because of this we took our business elsewhere for a birthday party and had a better time.
I have been coming here every Friday to happy hour and listen to  the live band. They always have the tables outside reserved and the place is empty??? WTF? Went there for Cinco de Mayo and paid $5 for cover, went to the outside tables, which were empty and reserved for 2 hours later and we could not sit there? Pissed me off and left and got our money back. Not going back again. What a joke...
We passed by the Sandbar & it looked cool & fun so we decided to stop by for dinner with our family. The previous reviews are right, it's more of a bar than a restaurant. It has a great beach bar atmosphere. It would be a cool place to hang out with friends if you are just going there to have fun & snack a little but if you are going for dinner I will advise you that it is more than just 1 $ in rating. My daughter wanted to get just a taco & it was going to be around $10! I usually get mini chimis from other restaurants so I thought I would try theirs. The mini chimis I get at other places come with 8 mini chimis & a side of jalopeno cream cheese. There was only 4 mini chimis on the plate & the jalopeno cream cheese was inside the chimis & no side. They tasted ok but but we were very dissapointed & won't go back.
UNCERTAIN WHY I HAVE NEVER ENTERED THE SANDBAR BEFORE....

But I know I will be rolling through on Thursdays a little more often..

So my boy gets a end of School year thank you gift of a Gift Card... Blessing that would help ease the pain....

We Park to see Mist Systems chilling the air and the outside bar...(we will check out later without the kids).. Walk in to 2 welcoming faces, the ladies showed us to a table, got our drink order, we were going to order our usual Mexican fair, but decided to hear what was on Happy Hour and Thursday Special.... Little did we know

They had a Chicken Chimichanga  that was normally $11.99 for $5.99 so I thought, sounds cheap i will order 2 one for now and one for Lunch tomorrow (Thank god tomorrow came, I will be brutalizing that Chimi like it was its first night in prison...lol)

But I digress, so we order the Chimi and notice we are just in time for Happy Hour to close out, Waitress Explains that its also Ladies Night and Ladies get drinks HALF OFF...! BOOYAH! so they have A Magical Margarita Machine .... Boy was it Magic... Nice stuff by the way, so we find out why they only have one size.... Cause its all you need.

Food gets delivered and presentation is nice, drinks are on hand and we all dive in... Then the surprise of the Spicy Smokey Chicken in the crispy hand made deep fried tortilla. Needless to say it was off the Chain and the guacamole was on-point, and I recommend ordering the extra at $0.50 per cup.

Needless to say i only needed water, cause the Tequila was working its magic.. 

diner was a hit and we will be back, the burgers were of the Rock Bottom of Arrowhead before they fell off...

And leftovers....wow........round two of Bring the Joy and Pain...lol
For unknowing drivers that visit this bar..Please take a cab or have a driver when going here?  Peoria PD motorcycle units love hanging out just west of this location, you have been warned :)
As for the grill it is not,  it is more bar than grill....So as long as you came here for drinks, hanging out, maybe dancing then its a great stop....Fish tacos, carne tacos, and beer.  Bar nachos and drinks sums it up.  
I do remember visiting here when it first opened up and they required guys to tuck in shirts?!  Not the case anymore, but it did seem over populated with bouncers at first.  I think it has calmed down since then and the staff seem friendly now.
Decided to check this place out since its near my house. I gave it a 3 star but I was teetering on the edge of a two. I just didn't think the place was all that great. When we initially arrived we were quickly seated (Sunday mid-afternoon) and the waitress promptly took our drink orders. She drops of our drinks and then proceeds to disappear for a solid 15 minutes. When she came back she gave us some chips and 2 types of salsa. The chips were 100% stale however the salsa's (red & green) were actually both pretty good. So the waitress took our order and it honestly seemed that it was another 30 minutes before the food came out. I can understand the wait if the place was jam packed but I would hardly describe the place as busy when I was there not to mention all we ordered was a hot sandwich and some fish tacos. Anyway, I got a steak and pepper torta which was actually pretty decent. The bread I thought made the sandwich...it seemed fresh. My wife had some some fish tacos which she said weren't all that great as well. After we ate we promptly paid and left. The weirdest thing about this place and I'm not sure if it happens all the time but all the workers and what seemed like their friends hung out in front of the customers. Literally right next to the booth I was sitting in there were at least 3 girls just sitting there with one just straight up eating! Call me old fashioned but isn't that a big NO NO in the restaurant biz?? It just struck me as very unprofessional to be eating out in the open. One of the guys she was sitting there with who I imagine was the manager or something didn't even say anything to her! Bottom line if you were to ask me if I'd go back there I would probably say no. Food was "eh" and the service was sub par. To many better Mexican restaurants to come back to this place, first one that comes to mind is PoPo's right off of Bell and I think 59th Ave.
Although service was good, my drink was seriously watered down. To the point of me almost saying, can I just get a rum on the rocks? Seriously. Basically I paid $12 total for two cokes with a splash of rum. It reminded me of hearing Kat Williams say, if your drink is really, really dark like blood, that is because you didn't order vodka buddy so sit your broke A$$ down. I actually paid for some alcohol and got none.. I am not asking you to pour like I am fish, but man, can you add a little bit of spirits to my coke? That would be lovely, thanks!  I wasn't the only one with this issue as another member of our party complained about the exact same thing.
Came here on a friday night for drinks. Fun place to check out. People said its like being at a beach, definitely didnt get that feeling. However, drinks were good. Bartender didnt make a three wise men correctly. DJ played really good music. Probly wont come here for tacos though.
Dos Equis Amber drafts are two dollars on Tuesdays. They're 20 oz glasses.
Allow me to Captain Obvious this for ya.

Seven glasses of this fine spirited brew, or approximately 140 ounces, (just a little over a gallon) will only cost you fourteen bucks, under twenty with the tip. 
And you don't even have to wait until happy hour!

For me, this means a BAL somewhere in the 1.2 vicinity, or as I like to put it; legally fun. 
For you, (my bragging little co-worker)  at 125 pounds and seven beers, you'll be a skosh higher than this, say around 3.25 and fast approaching legally embarrassing. 
But you still have a few motor skills remaining and there are plenty of activities you can partake in at this BAL, such as:

*Spastic dancing on the concrete counter at the bar.
*Flashing your tits at virtually no-one.  It's two in the afternoon. 
*Being forcibly removed from the concrete counter prior to stumbling off the bar and into a stool.

This followed by:
 
*Telling me all about what a dick Jeremy is and how you should have never moved in with him. (I don't even know him)
*Listening (uninterested) as you tell me your life story. (Cheerleader, yeah, right)

*Uncontrolled sobbing, followed by;

*Uncontrolled puking,.followed by;

*Passing out.

You also peed in the cab on the way home. Just thought you should know.

Next time you tell me how you're Italian, and how you can drink me under the table, you may wanna think twice.
I weigh twice what you do.
The nachos weren't such a hot idea either.

I hope you're reading this.
This is a good spot to get good, cheap margaritas after work and a snack. The music was really loud where we were sitting so it was hard to hear each other, but the service was great. We had an attentive, friendly waitress and chips with cheese dip that was yummy. The patio and cabanas look like a fantastic spot to hang out when it is not 115 degrees. : ) Good pick for after a long day at the office!
Been here several times before and it seems to get slower and slower every time I go.  Maybe it's the staff playing with water guns while at work.  I don't much care getting hit by water and neither did my friend.  You see, this hair of mine takes time to straighten, so I don't appreciate getting it wet.
It would also be nice if a server would come around and take an order.  Especially after I have already ordered before.    If my glass is empty, I might want another.
I ordered a vodka with sprite and a beer and it came out to $10.
Went here on two separate occasions once for dinner once for drinks. Horrible. 
I'll start with dinner. Horrible excuse for Mexican food. My husband, who loves Mexican, wouldn't even finish his burrito and my enchiladas were also gross. The food had little flavor and the enchilada sauce was terrible. 
For drinks, we went with some friends. Our friends ordered a couple of drinks and we bought a round for them. We felt as though we were double charged. Our waitress brought the manager over and he refused to let us dispute the charge. He kicked all of us out and had our check brought outside to us. They lost 4 customers for good who typically spend a lot of money over $10 worth of drinks.
Fun times, strong drinks, good dance-y dance-y, and a chance to watch a Drunken Catfight.  Sandbar, you're far away, but I *will* be back. 

Shoutout to DJ Statik and the Hostile crew.  ;)
Not impressed!  N. Tatum was much better location.
I had the nachos asada at Barrett Jackson and they were great. Instead of a small over priced portion you got a great size serving covered in a awesome queso.
I went here last night with a party bus of 30 people and Brandon was awesome accommodating our party. This bar is a great place to go to because of the huge layout and ease of ordering drinks. Plenty of beautiful women and friendly staff.
Both food and service have suffered since the last time me and my buddies visited.  I think the staff is working too hard at socializing with the patrons.  And by patrons I mean the group of college guys in the next booth over.  OK, look - we were not jealous...all of us in my group are happily married and don't need the attention from "Barbie" the waitress...(not here real name but now you know what I mean right?)

We really just wanted food & beer but apparently this place "turns into a club" at 10pm which makes me feel like "you need to leave now"....  

A well deserved two star review.  Enjoy your party at da club.
It's what you expect. Liked the salsa.
Stopped in for lunch, service was good but the food, was simply the worst representation of mexican food I've had in a long time. 

Had a chicken chimi with a "mystery" red sauce that was "ok" at first, but the harder I tried to like it, the worse it got. By the time I got halfway through, I just had to stop. The middle of the chimi was bit soft and doey and seemed undercooked, the chicken was fine but the sauce and the undercooked shell was just yucky. 

Other people there pushed away an enchilada and a funny look on their face, saying, sorry man, you pick where to eat next time.  

I ate at the Desert Ridge location before, had the wings there, but nothing remarkable. I don't see myself returning here for food. Probably an okay place to hang out at the bar for a drink, but doubtful I'll be back for that much. 

Just not a good vibe here, and two for two "meh" experiences.
Wow what happen to this bar? Just bad. NO drink specials and the DJ is bad, there's so many good bars at westgate and Toby Keith's they don't have drink Specials here and my girlfriends will NOT be coming
Back here it cost $43 dollars for 2 beer and some shots lol Really!??? This is not Scottsdale it's Glendale lol
Went in for happy hour before the Coyotes game. I liked the laid back feel  the service was good. We shared chicken nachos and it was a good size portion. Between that and chips and salsa we were full. Good specials in beers. The margarita was so so. 
It seemed like later in the evening it would be a happening place. There was a band setting up outside in the area where it was set up like a beach and more people were coming in the later it got. We loved that you could buy buckets of beer. This would be a fun place to be with a large group of people.
"Nice night cocktails"

Great eats and good peeps.
Richard and Anthony are the managers they're great stop in and see them anytime you always have a good time here.
You always get great service here and the food is  good and fairly reasonable price Now on happy hour,half off of all drinks and food right now.
Love Sandbar, I feel welcomed every time I come. Jenn makes a great sweet tart in fact the sweet tarts here are always blue, some
other places change their color from blue to a weird green color, but here it looks appealing

Management is always nice to and are great people to say hi too.  Anthony always makes this a happy place to be and Richard help makes it even better each time.

Dancing is always fun too, and oh drinking out side in the sand neat.
Waaaa I am so sad and heartbroken that they left the northern location... like I cried. The food may have not been perfect or.drinks all that.. but the location the happy hour especially the UFC showings what kept me going back. The servers ad bartenders were amazing. I truly miss the Sanbar
not good at all!!!! bad service. bad food. this is the place to go to when you want to show servers in training what not to do. never going back. not worth it.
Desde que se fue Dona Norma; no es lo mismo
I enjoyed this neat little hole in the wall/ restaurant/dance club/kareoke bar. My only complaint was that the dance floor was SUPER SMALL, so It's makes it hard to get your Cumbia on. I like that the restaurant is open late and you can order food while you drink and dance the night away. The music is great, a mix of latin but mainly Cumbia. The crowd is mix of both young, old, and just plain creepy :b. The staff seems friendly and they were quick on the service.
CAUTION food here is old and rancid, costumer service there is none. P.S. they just changed their name to fool people.
Good was sooo good I def reccomend the Honduras food! The margaritas are string but good! I will def come again
Lavo is the new nightclub/restaurant located in the Palazzo from the creators of Tao. It opens officially next weekend, but there appeared to be some form of a soft opening this weekend. 

Restaurant: They are trying to be some sort of mediterranean fusion tapas place. All dishes are small and pricey ($7 for a slider, $15ish for a small tapas sized sih), and they don't offer any entree sized portions. We tried the kobe burger, fries, twice baked chicken, and a breaded veal dish. All were good, and the standout was the veal dish. Nothing was spectactular. Drinks were tasty and cost $12 each. Atmosphere seemed trendy, but contrived like everything in vegas! Servers in the main part were dressed like crap in jeans and tennis shoes but perhaps this was for the soft opening? We ate in the lounge part and the cocktail watiresses were hot and well dressed. 

Nightclub: Even though they weren't even open yet officially and obviously weren't packed, they still made us go through the ridiculous fanfare of going through 6 bouncer checkpoints to get into the club. One guy told us "You're lucky you came now when it's easy to get into... once we start advertising this place is going to get REALLY exclusive!" Ok, ouch, so I'm that ugly that I'm not going to be able to get in once this place gets "cool".. mmmk whatever. Also they made my bf tuck in his button down shirt which I thought was weird. 

Anyways, once we got into the nightclub I really didn't feel that impressed. I think Tryst is way better. Although the dancefloors seem to be similar sized, at Tryst you can dance all over the place.. this place was small and cramped outside the dance floor, so I think once this place fills up more the dance floor will get too full. The rest of the place is all VIP/bar area. The bar area was cramped and you definitely had no room to dance if you were standing anywhere but the dance floor. Seemed like it could get annoying.

Ok another issue I had.. so the theme is bathhouse. Kind of a fun/cool theme. HOWEVER they sucked at the decor. It's all black pretty much. There's a bizarre pseudo-sexual ugly painting in the back. There's towel rack handles on the wall in a weird pattern. At Tao they have all these cool bathtubs everywhere but then they build a place called a freaking bathhouse and have no such decor.. it's really odd. I mean the place was pretty and everything, I just wasn't blown away. Also, there's no outdoor part in the club part. There is a patio in the restaurant (however no service out there!), but once you get into the club there is no stepping outside. 

Last but not least.. the music. Again, Tryst wins out. They played a lot of "old" songs, but not fun 70's/80's songs.. songs that were just well old. Like Nelly's "ride with me" or Gin and Juice by Snoop. Just lots of songs that are very "tired" but not classics if that makes sense. Either play trendy cool music, or play me some Bon Jovi.. none of this cool 10 years ago crap. Tryst had a nice mix of songs of the moment and 80's stuff. This DJ needs help. 

Oh and one last complaint. So the line for this place is OUTSIDE. Yes, it is August and they are going to make you wait outside. We only waited 5 minutes due to the aforementioned emptiness, but if this place ever becomes cool and actually gets a line I would hate waiting outside for an hour + in extreme heat or even the "extreme" cold of the Vegas winter. EIther way , waiting outside blows and that was poor planning on their part.
Umm we were staying at the Palazzo and they said we still had to pay $20 to get into a club that looks hella dead inside??? You must be on crack Mr. Bouncer guy that needs to get the stick outta your ass. I ain't paying for that shit! 

I'd rather walk my ass to the V Bar where it's free and play better music.
I see Lavo as the "it" place to be in Vegas..super exclusive, and totally worth it.....
Ok, so Lavo means to bathe or cleanse, and after a night here, that is just what you will have to do, in a good way. The restaurant is GORGEOUS! From the Moroccan tables, twenty foot ceilings, and the glass/wood screen bridge that leads to the club...they knew what they were doing when they designed this place. 
Honestly, this place is beautiful, and it of course doesn't hurt to have Grecian beauties bathing themselves in copper tubs, extremely hot waiters, and cocktail waitresses in short little dresses with AMAZING shoes!
The restaurant...where do I begin? Since the girls and I were enjoying a "girl dinner," aka a free dinner because we are hot, we never saw a menu and our waited just brought out food he thought we'd enjoy. So I'll try and describe is as best I can.
First came the amuse bouche-deconstructed bloody mary shots....ummm....HELLO DELICIOUS! Tomato sorbet, vodka gelatin, and celery foam.....really, out of this world, if i could eat 12 more....I would
Margarita pizza- ok, I thought it was delicious, and so did the girls, but I probly would opt to order the other things first next time...
Salmon with black caviar..OMG!!! Order it, my mouth is still watering
Borccolini...garlic goodness, excellent side dish
PROSCIUTTO FIG PANINI WITH HONEY!!!! I cannot begin to express how wonderful this was, we literally licked the dish....the combination of the salty prosciutto, the sweet lavender honey, and the fig just take you to food orgasm....ORDER THREE!!!!
Sadly, we did have a noodle dish and a white fish that I can't remember, but they were good, just not AMAZING
The food here was Delicious, and from the other reviews, who orders sliders at a restaurant like this? 

The Club has A LOT of stairs going up to it....and on the way up you are greeted by multiple bouncers, fat women being fanned by midgets, and bathing goddesses. Once you enter the club, which is on the small side, so I see it being VERY exclusive, you are greeted by a gorgeous circular bar. There are tables around the dance floor, and one table that is against the wall which has like towel rings on it, so you can stand up on the seats and hold onto the wall while you dance....ummm....GREAT foresight!!! The dancing girls add just what I like in my clubs, and on one more note, the bathroom has a holder for your drink!!!!
This place is amazing, it's not very crowded yet, but once word spreads, this place is going to be fantastic.
A club is only as fun as the people you go with and what you make of it. With that said, I had one helluva time.  The bouncers were friendly, and it was a breeze to get in.  Our table waitress Crystal was adorable and attentive.    

They had storage boxes at our table to put our purses in.  Nice touch.  The venue itself was nothing breath taking - not ugly by all means, but for Vegas - usually it has to have some je ne sais quo, right?

The music was typical - hip hop then change - then something else - then change, but all together was fine.  My girls were dancing on tables, having drunken fun.  And thats all that matters.
Think Tao, but with a Mediterranean twist.  There was this fat ass (of the) African (persuasion) beezy dressed in Egyptian Mediterranean old school getup being fanned with by a midget.  That scared me a little bit.  

There wasn't that much people there, probably because it's new.  But I'd come back for the ambiance itself.
we went on a saturday night and were on the guestlist but the bouncer made us wait outside while he got approval for our group.  whatever.  i guess it was the grand opening for the club and jamie foxx, k-fed, mario lopez, paris hilton, nikki hilton, busta rhymes were all there.  but so what? ha  we didnt have to pay which was nice

its supposedly a restaurant, bathouse, and nightclub.  when you get in, you go up in and to the nightclub.  the restaurant is downstairs.  no idea what or where the bathhouse is.  on our way up there was a black midget fanning a large black lady.  it was a bit alarming.  the place is a bit small with a dancefloor surrounded by tables then a bar surrounded by tables too.  kind of cramped.  i have no idea where they hid all the celebrities.  the only one i saw was jamie foxx.  and i tried to take a picture of him and got blacklisted by the bouncers.  everytime i went near the table they would tell me to please step away.  

another plus.  top shelf open bar until 12am! = good times
We spent some time on the terrace at the hookah bar.  It's was good fun as we had a view of the strip and it was quite relaxed.  I'd recommend it for a low key stop early in the evening although it gets a bit crazier as the night goes on.
My favorite thing about going to Vegas is trying new clubs, restaurants, and hotels. I was excited yet hesitant to spend my 22nd birthday at Lavo this year (10/10) because of the lack of reviews and hype surrounding the club. I made reservations to Pure as well (one of my all time favorite clubs). After a promoted pretty much talked my group into at least checking it out, the night began. 

First off Lavo is TINY. Even with table service, all the tables/couches are squeezed together and it doesn't provide you with the ultimate experience because everyone is stuffed in like sausages and it made it easy for people to just walk up and dance and sit in your space. There was no separation from the regular dancing area. 

Second, the service is less than impressive. Our table server Megan was rude did not help make the occasion special but actually took away from the experience.

Third, the music was horrible and even intoxicated found it difficult to dance too.

And finally after only one bottle of kettle one was consumed we were kicked out without warning because they thought my friend was "too drunk". With a whole bottle left you can imagine I was less than thrilled. 

I couldn't believe this club shares an owner with Tao, it was awful and I will never be going back. Please don't make the same mistake I did, and go somwhere else (Tao, Pure, LAX, Rain).
Went there this past Saturday. Got there about 11p, which I felt was still early to go out  for Vegas. Our group wanted to check out this new place since we were staying at The Palazzo. When we get there we tell the clipboard guy we were on the guest list for a group of 20. He pretended to glance at his list and says the name isn't there, then turns away. We told him to keep looking, which he finally did (with an attitude). He saw the name and then said, "With a large group like that you would need 2 tables, which will cost 5k." Are you kidding me?? 5k for a crap place like this! No way Mr. clipboard power trippn' dude. We ended up at Tao with no troubles what so ever. Also, check out V-bar at the Venetian if you're not really in the mood for a club.
NIGHTCLUB rating only.

I walked in during feasting hours and its cool, small, OK bar.
Apparently this is one of the only places to get down on a Sunday. Ladies you can get a 2 ladies in free flyer at Tao - so get there early and you dont pay. 
It also says on the club flyer that its a bathouse. Um NO. I got kicked out of line for wearing rhinestone open toed shoes in flip flop style. OK a girl with ugly kitten heel flea market flip flops got in and I didn't? WTF. I explained the the very cool bouncer who was going to let me in - since I was just meandering around alone - look the flyer said bath house, I have heels, but I have my hot-piece suit on under and I can put my heels on. I was even going to tip the guy for putting me in GList line.

So I step to the side for 2 minutes, show him my fabulous heels and then I am told that they are at max capacity and I can wait in their lounge. I think it was some senior bouncer that cut me off. What a load of crap. I dont know - did they not like my flossy Obama top? I was already stamped for entry - WTF?

Lavo - awash.
This has to be one of the best Nightclub experiences i've ever had.  Im from LA and have been on the club scene for 10+ years.  I'm kind of done with the club scene, but found myself in Vegas for a bachelorette party.
We got a table at LAVO and the service and treatment was top-notch all the way.  I was beyond impressed and i'm a tough cookie to impress.  We had 2-3 waitresses for our group of 12 girls and they took care of us all the way.  I would compare it to the service I've gotten at a St Regis Hotel.  We also had our 1st bottle comp'd.  Additionally the club itself is beautiful. Gorgeous details and interesting things to see everywhere.
The crowd was great too, good looking, classy for Vegas.  (We were at Prive the night before the the low-rent crowd there was SCARY- people stealing red bull cans off our table and sticking them in their purses with no bouncers around anywhere).

Back to the LAVO review....And to top it off, I ended up losing my passport there somehow!  They found it the next day and Fed Ex'd it back to me immediately.
Way to go LAVO - you get high marks in my book!!!!
Technically a 3.5, but more towards a 4.

After we decided to leave Tao, our party decided to check out Lavo since we had gotten free VIP passes (ha!). We ended up getting a couch in the lounge, and us ladies decided to check out the nightclub portion upstairs. 

The nightclub itself isn't too bad; it's a bit small, but at least they know how many people they can accommodate (I'm looking at you, Tao). It was a bit too crowded for our taste after the disaster that was Tao, so we decided to go back downstairs and enjoy our free drinks. 

Drinks were on the cheaper side ($12 for mixed drinks, and $10-11 for shots), but plenty strong. Bartenders were nice and knew how to mix a good drink, and the waitresses were attentive to our table. Lounges aren't really my thing, but it was a nice change to be able to chat to the bartender and get a personal recommendation on drinks, as opposed to waving cash around and showing certain assets* to try and get the bartender's attention.

We didn't try out the Hookah bar, so no comments there, but Lavo's a nice place to chill if you don't feel like going to a night club, or waiting in line on a Saturday night.

*Not me, totally my friend...
place was packed.  we were told 20 minute wait but ended up being an hour.  the manager bought us a drink in the meantime, though, which was nice, especially with their prices.  almost impossible to get a drink at the bar.  loud and annoying house music blasting and douchebags and douchebaguettes abound, but the food was good and the menu interesting.

worth a try when you've got $300 free to blow on dinner for two, which i always do...
Food was fantastic! It was SO loud I felt like i was screaming during dinner...didn't completely ruin it but I am undecided if I would go back. Keeping in mind, it was 7:30pm, not 10:00pm. A bit disappointing.
Really liked the place. We stayed at Palazzo and I asked our concierge to put us on their guest list. This said we didn't have to pay and easily got inside around midnight. I'd say it's a little small, but music was good and drinks pretty good too. A night before we went to Tryst and I think these two are comparable in quality (besides the dance floor size).
i lava lavo.  i went here for dinner on a saturday night.
the place is so hip and cool.. with dim lights everywhere and fancy chandeliers and modern, dark decoration.  very nightclubby feel..its a pretty intimate setting, with candles and they had couches you can sit at for dinner.

i started with their very good onion soup, served in a little miniature pot.  it had bacon bits, lots of onions inside and melted cheese on top, of course.
For my main course i ordered the linguine with clams, which was overall not that great.. it was super salty.  I regret not ordering the steak frites with bleu cheese melted on top of it with fries. (i had a bite of it from someone else's plate and the steak was damn good.)
For dessert i had their AMAZING chocolate pudding, with ice cream on the side.. so very delicious.  

i think my decision to give this place a 4 instead of a 3 was because of their onion soup and chocolate pudding.

their portions are small, but if you have 3 courses you will be very satisfied.  it was $30 per person, all 3 courses included.  (alcoholic) beverages are a little much. but its vegas.

turns to a nightclub at night.. which i havent been to, but want to.
This bar/lounge is inside The Palazzo Hotel!

i love it! came here for halloween. they have hookah outside too! its kind of expensive, but it worth it! i mean its vegas so what do you expect!

go to a show at the venetian and they will give you free complimentary drinks to LAVO!!
I went to Lavo during the current promotion providing a $50. 00 drink credit at the bar and lounge.
How can you top a $50.00 gift certificate .........
That baby turned into four high quality Blackberry margaritas, each served with a large amount of Patron silver.

You can not complain about the quality of the drinks in this bar.
Service is excellent, bar tenders are quick and efficient and the wait staff is supurb.
Friendly people everywhere.....

The lounge is very large and was filled with early evening drinkers and diners. The seating looks quite comfortable.
The bar holds about 20 patrons.....
I would think this would be an enjoyable club when the evenings are comfortable enough to go on the terrace and enjoy a Shisha pipe or hooka as some people call them. 
The charge for the set up is a bit steep, but still would afford you and your friends an excellent experience.

I tried their Beef Kabobs, with Olive polenta, scallions and lime - they were outstanding.
I also dined on the Kobe meatballs - also very nice.
The menu has a large variety of selections -  including Spanish Payae. dishes.

I found Lavo to be a quality experience. A club in the making ....
I hope they do well.
No cover and a short line.  Good first impression.  The lounge/club is upstairs and you can view the restaurant while taking the short hike on up.  The restaurant was beautiful and spacious.  What happened to the club?!  It was intimate, but a little tooooo intimate.  It was tiny!  The dance floor was the size of my hotel room.

The decor was nice, but I wasn't impressed.  The little person fanning the lady on top was about the only thing that was somewhat interesting.   It wasn't crowded and it seemed to be a sugar daddy/sugar baby haven.  Attractive young ladies dancing and old, rich men staring.
I stayed at the Venetian and got a drink voucher, So after losing money in the casino, I said what the hell. I didnt go to the club cause I was starving  and needed to eat Is that why the food  was so good? the service was outstanding and did I mention the FOOD WAS GREAT! the waitress suggested  ordering a few different plates, everything from the Mai Tai to the Kobe Steak was very good!
I was there last Saturday for dinner and went upstairs to check out the club. For the restaurant, the decor/ ambiance was great if that's what you're looking for. The food was just ok, have tasted better tapas in numerous other places. I tried the kobe beef balls, kobe sliders, grill octopus salad, sea bass and clam linguine. None of those amazed me or stayed in my tongue memory. The chocolate bread pudding was the best part of the whole dinner. 

I had fun staring at the people walking back and forth the stairs/ bridge to the club so i checked it out after dinner. It has a bar area and a dance floor area with some booths. I guess it would be ok if you're hanging out with your own group of friends and is looking for something less hectic than the bigger clubs. The crowd cleared out pretty fast because of the size of this place i suppose, and not many people there after 1am on a Saturday night.
For food! This is a must!
They have a preTheatre Menu which is what i go when i went. It's 30% but you get an appetizer, main course and dessert. But I went with a group and tried everything!
The pizza! The best! Thin and made perfectly, The Ceaser Salad, also very good. Very fresh
Linguine Vongole - 4/5 (but not my thing, could be yours!)
Caramelized Salmon - 5/5 (It fell apart easily, and wasn't your typical fish flavor.)
Herb Grilled Chicken Paillard -  5/5(I didn't think Chicken could taste so many different flavors at once)
Streak Frites 100/5 It was agreed that we all eat this one slowly and savor each bite. The streat came out thin and displayed beautiful with sauce. It was tender, it was juicy, we didn't want dessert we wanted more of that! If you come here ORDER THEM! 

Dessert was great, the cookies, the ice cream. The normal desserts. But the streak by far was the best.

I don't think we could have tipped the staff well enough for their display, their helpfulness and overall knowledge of the food. 

The place is dim, and beautiful and a morroccon retreat. There is also and outside area that faces T.I so if you go at the right time like i did. You can see the Sirens of T.I show. But.. it's not a must! 

Again i got the Pretheater pre Fix deal but! Prices were not extremely expensive which i thought it would considering this is in the Palazzo.

Please this place is defenitly five star and i'm taking everyone i know there.
Ok I had to 4 Star this one or else the designer would hang me by the Moroccan light fixtures lol. 

Over all the decor is amazing (wink) but the food definitely steals the show. Not a Bloody Mary fan but the shots were our addiction that night. 

A must visit if you want to do the total package of dinner/ lounge/bar 1 place call it a night, outing. 

One of the better places in Vegas and I'd say a decent spin off from Tao that holds it's own.
Lavo is located in what I consider to be the best casino hotel on the strip; Palazzo. Decor is modern Moroccan and they have a restaurant, club, and hookah lounge. The service is fast (perhaps too much so) and the food is great. Unique dishes, but not unrecognizeble. The cocktails are unique and fresh as well. The one drawback is their liberal application of sauces. Our dishes were good but would have been better with less sauce. Might want to specify this when ordering. Other than that, Lavo is worth the visit.
i truly AM in love with lavo....it's much better the second time.  good food, cool bathroom sinks, my favorite chocolate pudding cake thing they have..with dulce de leche sauce and vanilla ice cream, and good times.
went here for a second time with a group of friends, to celebrate birthdays and an engagement!  lavo was great about taking our reservation of 13.  we waited a little bit to be sat.. the service was good.
we all ordered something different.. so for our group of 4 in one area of the table decided to get a bunch of different kinds of dishes to share..  
what we ordered:
-bone-in ribeye..which came with 4 different dipping sauces  (all so freakin good.) tender steak and delish sauces.
-paella..which had seafood, chicken and chorizo! soo tasty.
-kobe meatball..that had some marinara sauce deal with it. (which was comped, because they forgot to bring it out, yay!) also awesome.
-fries with their ketchup sorbet (cold ketchup)..weird..never had that before.
-margherita pizza...which had potatoes...lobster! and caramelized onions. so different.

 we didn't end up going to the club upstairs afterwards, but it looked pretty busy and cool.

like last time.. loved the super modern decor and random decorations..

i want to be there every time i'm in vegas.
My friends came here early on a Friday night to check out the scene... The decor is beautiful and it's very intimate.  It's very tiny.... i mean EXTREMELY tiny but it's a nice place to have fun and just chill.  We ended up leaving early to head over to some other clubs but I'd probably come back again.. especially since my friend knew someone who got us in immediately. =]
I've been to Vegas so many times but I've never really checked or heard of this place until this past weekend. We met up with some Toronto friends in Vegas and decided to party it up VIP style. We decided to get bottle service since that's how we roll. hahah j/k anyways, the place was really nice and it was nestled in the corner of The Palazzo. I assume its a restaurant by day and a club/lounge by night. The decor was amazing and the staff were really friendly. They play great music and the tables (for bottle service) were a little small.
came in on a thursday night looking for a low-key start to the weekend.  we walk up to the front (no line to be seen) and were told we weren't getting in without a table because there were too many of us (16 people and pretty much an even female/male split - wtf!)  we were only required to get one bottle so we said what the hell.  you've got the vegas table surcharge so we were on deck to pay around $500 for a bottle of Grey Goose that you get at BevMo for $40.  we walk in and it's DEAD!  

on the plus side the bottle we got was the magnum size Goose bottle.  we finished the bottle around 12:30 and the waitress asked us if we wanted another one.  none of us were looking to blow our wad on the first night, so we passed.  the waitress comes back ten minutes later and says they'll give us two-for-one.  Us being chinamen, we couldn't pass up a deal, even if we didn't want to drink anymore (and i think they knew that).  Sale on vodka in vegas?   who can pass on that?  that shit never happens!  we ended up drinking about 3/4 of one bottle.  but again, we're chinamen so we couldn't let the rest go to waste, especially if we paid for it.  we bought a few bottled waters, downed them and emptied the leftover Geese into the water bottles under the table to save for a rainy day.    

NOTE: the two-for-one isn't probably going to be offered on a good, busy night.  it was dead when we went so they were probably trying to make as much money as they could off of us...bastards.
When?: Saturday, December 20

Who?: Me plus five

Bottom Line: Lavo is a very small club with average music and slow and not very knowledgeable bartenders.  The only thing I really liked about it were the bathrooms, which were never crowded, even after the club got packed.  You can get in for free if you stay at the Palazzo and tell the concierge you want to go to Lavo.  I'd probably come back if I was staying at the Palazzo again and didn't feel like leaving the hotel to go to a better club.
I reallllly wanted to like this place!!  Unfortunately, it's hard to enjoy going to a nightclub when the place is just plain DEAD!  The bouncers were really nice, which was awesome.  They weren't snotty or anything and we didn't have to pay a cover charge.  We walked in around 11pm on a Thursday night and it was really empty.  We left for a while, came back around 12:30am and there were a lot more people.  Unfortunately, not too many people were dancing.  I think it had a lot to do with the music selection since there were a few songs where people would run out and dance to, then go back to their drinks after it was over.  I suppose I could blame the dead dance floor on the DJ.  I really liked the small intimate dance floor.  The whole place had a nice vibe to it, but it was just so dead we wound up leaving in less than an hour.  They were playing better music downstairs in the restaurant area!
we stayed at the venetian, and got comp passes and drink vouchers. didn't have to wait in line, and got served incredibly strong drinks even while paying with vouchers! nice!

the club itself is small, but nice. the decor is really neat, with cool fixtures in the bathroom. the water at the sink comes from above, making quite a splash but still pretty awesome! we went on a sunday night, with a group of nine.. the dance floor was packed, and the crowd was mixed, yet not the most attractive. lots of dudes. 

i had a great time simply because i got so many free drinks with the vouchers. ($50/suite, two suites = 6 top-shelf shots & 2 mixed drinks & a redbull) 

check this place out if simply to see the decor. could do without the mediocre music, and the "whatever" looking crowd. maybe it's better on a friday or saturday night?
LAVO
Restaurant. Bathhouse. Lounge/Nightclub. 

What the hell is a bathhouse? The only thing I could make from it was that there were about 20 sinks lined up in a row on the way up to the dance floor. Go figure, I was confused! 

The first floor is more loungey, chill, relaxing.
The second floor consists of the 20 sinks I just mentioned.
And the third floor is where you shouldn't go if you're epileptic. Strobe lights going, people dancing, dark then bright, loud, etc. I couldn't see much up here since it was mostly dark all the time but after say 10 minutes, we left. 

Maybe I'll come back next time...but for now, it's definitely not one of Vegas' most poppin' clubs.
1 less star for the not well thought out bathroom designs.. After i finished my business, i walked towards the tall basins in front of the large mirrors.  I was confused on where the water/sink water flow was but the attendant told me just step on the pedal....and out of nowhere the water fell straight down from the ceiling.. I thought that was very neat and original.. Two thing though: you get splashed by the water while washing your hands unless you put them deep in the basins and the mirrors get splashed like crazy.. We talked to the attendant.. and she has to clean those mirrors every time they are splashed! how horrendous!  I can't imagine when the club is poppin' and you have to deal with all these drunkards and those sinks!  At least it was cool though just like the neat bathrooms at tao.

Service was Excellent! We had probably 5 people total kept asking us if we were okay and if food was good.. I really liked the people working there.. Very friendly and smiley.  Our waiter took perfect pictures of us, which is a plus because you don't know how many people I've asked to take pictures for us around vegas, and they don't know how to take pics at all with no background and everything!!!  The part where I was amazed was the hanging hooks underneath the tables for your purses!  I thought those were really neat! But risky at the same time, Don't forget your purses at the end of the night!!!

We had the crispy artichokes and sirloin platters.. They were amazing.  The artichokes were sprinkled with lemon juice, making it a bit sour but perfect for the final taste.  Sirloin platter were rolls of beef with melted cheese inside.. We made the mistake of not eating that first or together with the artichokes because it ended up being a bit cold when we got to it!

no cocktails for us because of the previous night debaucheries at the Bank... I was drinking that ice water like a thirsty camel all dinner long..

Decor: amazed me.. dimmed lights.. shades of brownish orange lighting.. I really like the atmosphere and lounge area.. spacious.. different..maybe i should check out the nightclub this weekend..

Great experience at LAVO!!!
LAVO = Douche bag central 

It was our first night in Vegas (Sunday). We walked by around midnight and saw the small line and decided to check it out. We were staying at the Venetian so we got in for free. Thank friggin god. I would not want to pay $10 and $20 for the boy to get in here. You'll see why... 

The lounge was chill. Lots of loungy couches with hookahs on each table and plenty of seats at the bar. The decor was chic, dark and inviting. I enjoyed the music much more downstairs as they played the euro-house-trance type music. 

We watched an abundance of Asian girls dressed in their skimpiest Forever 21 dresses (the faces did not match the outfits...hilarious) walk the line of 20+ running sinks to the upstairs club. The space was very small. 

There was a small space on the perimeter of the dance floor for table service. There were TONS of douches here with what it appeared to be hired escorts. No joke. There was another group of euro douches who were standing on their table attempting to "make it rain". What friggin idiot posers. Ick! 

After I threw up in my mouth several times, I decided it was time to go. I would definitely return to the lounge area but I WOULD NOT pay to get in.
True score - 3.5 Stars

Lavo is the newest club/lounge/restaurant inside the Palazzo that shares its underpinnings with Tao so not surprisingly... 
1a.) It's dark as fu**
1b.) You can't see sh*t...upstairs
2.) Well... It's under same management so duh.  

But it's also about 1/6th the size of Tao (I'm talking about the 2nd floor) making this place tiny to maneuver around.  That said, it's a very nice venue with splashes of blue compared to Tao's red decors, and lotsa bikini-top-wearing pole/go-go dancers to liven things up.  It definitely feels more upscale than Tao.  The lower restaurant/hookah lounge (offered after midnight) area is definitely more AIRy and nicer with softer whites and wooden pieces.  

Biggest surprise was we were expecting hell to get into the club only to be pleasantly surprised at how easy and quick(and free for Venetian/Palazzo guests) it was for us to get in...just put your name on the guestlist ahead of time.  Possibly THE nicest bouncers I've ever encountered anywhere.  Seriously, these guys know how to treat people with respect and we even made some funny small talk with a few of them, and including the executive host.  None of that strict 1:1 ratio that Tao always pesters you with.  

Music was so-so on the dance floor.  Not a big fan of house music and it got crowded quick.  Getting back into the club couldn't be any easier though surprisingly.  Problem is it gets hot upstairs so we resorted to the lounge area  downstairs where it's airy and they played better music.  And it's just way too small.  But you can club hop between Tao and Lavo for free so that's not bad and they offer hookah tables.
Lavo was nice and intimate, we made it in with no problem.. (thanks Matt) 

yes, this is small compared to TAO but  here you can sit/stand without getting elbowed.  you can order a drink within a few minutes of approaching the bar and everyone was very nice.

my favorite was the live saxophone player.

LAVO is  a nice place to dance if you want to, to "lounge" if you want to, or to just catch up with old friends (you can talk and be able to HEAR one another.. haha i guess if you were talking very loudly).   

oh yeah... those long islands are very deceiving, delicious but deadly hehe good times!
Five stars because one of their "props" is a white midget guy chained to a very large black lady...she just chills on a couch as he fans her with a giant fan. Best thing I've ever seen at a Vegas club.

Music's good, drinks are quick...can get a little crowded, but it's one of the hottest clubs in Vegas...what do you expect?
1.75L bottle grey goose, great music, delicious looking waitresses pouring drinks and a nice crowd. Such a fun night!!!!
This is for the club portion:
- Dark
- Expensive
- Weak drinks
- Small
-Stairs and drunk people don't mix
- You'll have to scoot on off your seat if somebody wants to buy a bottle. 

+ You can smoke, which is a plus for me
+ Coat check man and bathroom lady were very nice
+ Everybody else is about as drunk as you are, so who the fuck cares how lame it truly is.
This place has so much potential! It's a beautiful, sexy space but there were no people in it. Our group of 10 dropped by Lavo before hitting the Palms because we had free drink vouchers, and we probably made up 80% of the crowd while we were there. It's a small venue (upstairs area), which made it even sadder that it was so empty looking :( We bounced after finishing off our AMFs, but I wouldn't mind giving it another shot the next time I'm in sin city, just to see if it's picked up.
Oh, my Lavo!! This place is definitely one of those places that get better when you go back (see previous review). Last time we were here, I was still in my "I-just-turned-21-WHOO!!!!" phase, and the last thing I cared about was remembering my evening.

However, as a now sophisticated and grown up individual blah blah blah, we decided to skip the overratedness that is Tao and decided to give Lavo another try.

The place is indeed not as packed as other places but that's because the entire back half of the bathhouse is for the restaurant, and when it gets later and turns into a lounge, they close the back section so only the front half with lounges is available. We decided to get table service downstairs, which also comes with free admission to the club upstairs ($30 for guys, $20 for girls). The server/waitress was very attentive, and our chasers were getting replaced as soon as they were getting low. Thumbs up for the table service!

The dance area is small, but the music is good and you can actually move around. There's an island in the middle of the dance floor where go-go girls dance, and the perimeters are surrounded with couches for table service. They do section off the couches so if you do get table service, you actually get your own space without people pushing and shoving. Stationed right by the entrance is a shirtless "small" guy with battle gear chained to a very, very large woman laying on a couch Cleopatra style (but that's where the similarities end) waving a fan.

The biggest revelation I had this time is that I finally figured out why they call it a bath house. Ready? Throughout the night, they have girls washing each other down in the bathtub downstairs by the bathrooms. Yes, that's right, two girls in white bikinis get in a tub with a sponge washing each other down. Now THAT'S a sponge bath.

If you're sick of going to crowded overrated night clubs where you can't move without getting groped or hit in the face, give Lavo a try! And if you're strapped for cash, you can also get half-bottle table service downstairs.
VERY fun club with a chill vibe, gorgeous decor and great music. We were there on a Friday night and arrived on the guest list (hookup from a buddy) so we didn't wait in line or pay cover. The walk to the club is almost as much fun as the club itself, with interesting appointments like sinks and bathing beauties (ummm) to fill out the "bath house" theme. Drinks were expensive but that's to be expected in Vegas. We didn't do bottle service and found the non-VIP scene to be much better than at most Vegas clubs. All in all I rate Lavo highly!
Aight...So, I gave it three stars only because the nightclub is cool. I like it because it's not a gi-normous club, but also the decor is cool. Since I dig the nightclub I bumped it up from a two to a three star rating. Now, the restaurant, bleh. The food was okay, nothing special. The only thing special about the experience was the service. Servers attire: jeans, a blue gap shirt, apron and chucks. It doesn't get any cooler than that. I wish I could remember our servers name, as she deserves recognition. Unfortunately I can't remember everything we ordered, but hey if it was awesome I would remember. All I know is, everything was over priced for the size of the portions. Some of the items we ordered:  Cuban sliders, roasted chicken, beet salad (I think), a fig flat bread (once again, I think) and of course desert and a couple of bottles of wine. meh...

The decor and ambiance is killer, I love it. And gentlemen, take note, girls bathing girls...
Food review only ! 

I'm a fan of Chef Lefebvre - 1st tried his food at the L'orangerie and then i thought he really took it to a new level at Bastide ( though i preferred Chef Giraud's food at Bastide - why can't any restaurant succeed on Melrose Place ?!?! ) 

I figured his creativity would blossom in Vegas - hmmm, after tonight's meal i'm not sure. 

The roomie and I enjoyed the restaurant design - nice to see the fireworks across the street at TI , too. 

Tried a pomegranate lemonade at the bar ( $13 ) - waaay too sweet ! 

ordered baked clams, caprese salad, the crudo plate ( a Mediterranean sashimi plate ? ) to start. The clams had too much breading and salt, the broth was tasty. The caprese salad - the tomatoes were delicious, the cheese did little to improve the dish and the basil ? what basil - a lone fried leaf in the center of the plate - why ? The crudo -ok, did not care for the salmon but the filet was nice. 

main entree - roomie had the paella. i went with the sliders, the lamb quesadilla and we shared the wild mushroom pizette. 

The paella - loved the rice, the seafood was a little dry, the chicken tasted old and the chorizo ? it actually tasted more like pepperoni ! 

the lamb quesadilla's ? Are you sure it was lamb ? The sliders - bread a little old and way too much sauce. The pizette - the mushrooms were great , a tad too much salt, but overall, full of flavor. 
We shared the chocolate bread pudding with the leche sauce ( caramel ) and vanilla bean ice cream. the ice cream and sauce were very good. The chocolate bread pudding - looked like two french toast sticks with chocolate chips in them - decent taste but i had a hard time calling it "bread pudding . " 

I came in with high expectations. Left a little disappointed since i've had some amazing meals created by this Chef. I feel obligated to try this place again.
Came here and got a table for a friend's b-day via a promotor's recommendation.  Tried to come again the next night and snooty doorman said our ratio wasn't good enough to let us in (2 guys, 1 girl) and had the audacity to offer us a table (for a mere $400) downstairs in the lounge instead!  Regardless of his opinion of our group (or lack of) ratio, midget promotor with napolean complex didn't have to act like the typical snooty vegas jackass about everything.

Still gets 2 stars because table service was beyond excellent.  Staff was extremely helpful and willing.  You do get what you pay for.

Oh yea, place was a little small too.  Not very grand at all.
Enjoyed my meal and time at Lavo.  Went only because I received $50.00 drink vouchers when I purchased the hotel package, but I'm glad I went.   

The food was really good and the service was great.  I'd go back again--even without the drink voucher.
We had an event here last night on the top floor and had a blast.  The space is beautiful (as you'd expect) and I like the touches of using towel hangers as decor and the sinks with running water (I hope that's recycled people!).  Fits the theme, but still manages to look elegant.
The staff was pretty great, the food was okay.  Once they opened up the doors to the general public however, that was my cue to leave.  I doubt I would wait in line to get in, and I'm iffy as to whether or not I'd come back for dinner.  Beautiful, but not phenomenal.
i'd come here again.  that says a lot coming from me.
Walking into a restaurant and seeing two hott girls, almost naked in a bath tube rubbing eachother will start anyones night off right!!!! The food was great, the servers were great BUT the hostess were not friendly at all. I stood there for about 5 minutes until they looked up and helped me. I didnt really care that much because our server made up for them. We did a tasting of everything on the menu and everything was unbelievable. You have to come here!
Although this review will be completely biased due to the fact that I spent my time at Lavo with my mid-40-year-old uncle, the place displays the typical Vegas fine club/lounging experience in a more upscale environment. The line to get in was nothing like that at Tao only a 5 minute walk away and I would put money on Lavo being just as good of a time as Tao (I wouldn't know how long the wait was though as my uncle is a VIP...I don't ask why). The first floor bar was swarmed with single businessmen and women in their mid-30s. The bartenders were friendly, always offered service, and SUPER cute. The second floor houses the dance floor and DJ area, which I only peaked into as I was not in the dancing mood (as my gin and tonics were starting to hit me and the blackjack tables started to call my name). It seemed like a good time, everyone was dressed well which is something I admire about Vegas - the nightlife scene really values looking good. I like that.
Although I was pretty buzzed as hell that night, I was extremely pleased with this new club. Outside of the club, you wouldn't have known how loud and packed it was inside. As we were let in pretty quickly (no lines that night), we were escorted to the second floor of the club where the excitement was happening. Talk about getting the night started...there were two hot chicks working the stage with their lesbian love making scene. The drinks were good and the music was flowing. I had no problem with the music at all. I gave it one less star because the club was a bit small. Overall, I think this club is ultra nice and fun!
First night in Vegas, for my um-tenth time to Vegas, we decided to do bottle service at Lavo.    1. Because my uncle knew people there and 2. We never had been there.

Décor: Amazing, had the theme of Tao but "newer"

Service: Our cocktail waitress was very attentive; I like that kind of service, especially since she made 18% of our total bill, I really liked how she was always refilling things, lighting up our stogs, keep people away from our section and made sure the girls that were really drunk were getting taken care of.

We also got buy one get one, which I thought was nice cause even though the bottle are over priced and over-rated, you are paying for the service and the VIP treatment.

People: Mix crowd, no rowdiness like most areas; There were a group of NFL football players, which I thought was cool. 

Bouncers: Our bouncer that monitored our booth/area was very attentive, he kept weirdo jerks away from the ladies. 

Music: Something I have on my IPOD, jaminn' to all the time. 

Overall, the service was great, music was something I have on my IPOD and I will be returning my next time around to Vegas.
I highly recommend going to Vegas during the week, any week in the winter months.  No one is there and if you're young and beautiful like me you can most likely get free passes to clubs.  It probably helps also if you're with your physical therapy friends who are 75% women.  

Lavo is the new club/lounge/restaurant at the Palazzo.  For those of you who don't speak Latin.. or Spanish, lavo means to clean yourself and that's certainly what I wanted to do after paying 18 dollars for my glass of Hennessy.  You can bet I made sure that glass lasted all night.  I shouldn't complain though, that's pretty much the going rate for any cocktail in a Vegas club.  

The best part about this place was the music.  The night we went there was a solid DJ playing all the hits.  Much better than the house lover at XS the night before.  This club is also popular with the older folks.  Or maybe they only come out on weekdays.  Maybe it's like senior discount day at the movies except this is a club.  I dunno.
This review is only for the club.

Lavo is located inside of the Palazzo which is also connected to the Venetian and the Wynn by a bridge.  It was easy to find because it was right by the main entrance.  I was kind of surprised that there wasn't a line outside, but hey, I'm not complaining.  We got in for free which was awesome, especially since some other people said that they were charging $100 per head for cover.  Anyway, you go in and walk up some stairs so you're on a landing.  Then you walk up some stairs and you're in a hallway.  Then more stairs and you're on another landing (with a woman being fanned by a little person).  Then one more flight of stairs and you're finally inside.  My first impression of the club was "dang, this is small."  It's literally one bar area and one dance floor.  The bar was quick and good, although the drinks that I ordered which are normally shooters came in shot glasses.  I wouldn't have minded so much except that they were $13 each.  Wtf, seriously?? But whatever, it's Vegas.  

The dance floor is surrounded by tables which you can reserve and get bottle service, but we were riding free so we just went to the dance floor.  Ok, so I understand the idea of go-go dancers, but is it really necessary to put a giant block in the middle of the dance floor for them to dance on?  It took up a bunch of space and the dancers weren't even up there for most of the night.  

There were a few dancers around the sides and also some girls in white sexified toga outfits tickling each other with feathers.  

The music was good at first, but then it got pretty bad.  My friend and I went downstairs to sit for a bit and when we came back up, they were playing aerosmith, that brass monkey song, etc.  Not exactly club music.

Pros: nicely decorated, good drinks, space to sit downstairs
Cons: expensive drinks, lackluster music, small dance floor, stairs, stairs, stairs & stairs to get in

It was pretty and overall I would say that it's fun, but I don't think I'll be going back again unless it's free.
Very nice ambiance.  Tasty food and drinks.  Good service.  The only damper of the evening was the tight space.  The tables were crammed together and the hostess would seat groups so close together even though there were wide open spaces elsewhere.  There seemed to be no privacy between tables.  I could practically hear the next table's entire conversation and I could even elbow the lady next to me if I wanted to.  

After dinner we decided to check out the nightclub upstairs.  TERRIBLE.  It was the smallest club I have ever been to in Vegas.  There was only one bar and an itty bitty tiny dance floor.  At least we didn't have to pay to get in because they stamp your wrist if you dine at the restaurant.  

I would try dinner at Lavo again next time I stay at the Palazzo.  However, I doubt I would ever go to their nightclub again.
Prior to waiting to go upstairs to the club, we ordered some drinks and got some appetizers at the restaurant/lounge area downstairs of LAVO. This place is located right across from the front desk. We come in and it has that dark loungey feel to it with some Goa type trance music going on. The service was pretty good with a sultry waitress serving us drinks and appetizers. We had a bit of a mix-up because we moved over to another table and the waitress brought our food over to the couple who were sitting across from us at our old table. The couple unknowingly took a bite of our food and we all had a good laugh about it. They were quick to bring us out a new plate of pita chips and dip. The restroom downstairs has the worst sinks in existence. Aesthetically pleasing but lacking in functionality. The water comes from the ceiling and into this giant deep basin. Looks cool but you got to stomp on a pedal to get the water to come down and when it does it splashes all over the place and onto your clothes. The bathroom guy went on a little rant about it. haha. Overall, the lounge/restaurant is not bad.

As for the club, I didn't spend too much time in it actually. It was probably a grand total of 5 minutes. We got in, ordered some drinks and got out because we had to head on over to Moon. On the second trip to LAVO that night, it was in and out yet again.

I'll update this review in the future for the club.
from what i remember, this place was VERY SIMILAR TO TAO... maybe it's because they're by the SAME PEOPLE!! 

Lavo is a bathhouse sauna themed club and restaurant. i went at 1030 so it was a club by then. from what i remember, as drunk as i was, was that it wasnt anything spectacular. it was NEW and the crowd was wayyyy better than Tao.  a bit older, a bit classier.  the music was so so, and the overall experience was like being in Tao but a bit better.  

this is going to be a very short review because i dont remember much of it.... i should practice moderation! :]
Had a great time here.
I ate at the restaurant and seriously had among the best steak Ive ever had.  The food was pricey but worth it.  The dance floor was a decent size and the sound system was nice and loud but not deafening.  Id be happy to go back.
So, so small. Smaller than I expected. I had fun, nonetheless. Mostly because of the DJs they had there. Awesome. They play great music all night, well most of the night.
Bartenders, hot! Prices here are crazy ridiculous, even for vegas. I guess thats why they have hot bartenders there, so you can't complain.
Overall, if thats their every weekend DJ, I'd come here again.
I thought this was supposed to be comparable to Tao, but boy was I wrong.  It's like the malnutritioned second cousin of Tao.

Taking all that aside, it's a tiny, tiny club.  The dance floor is half blocked off by platforms for the go go dancers.  So, there really is not much space to groove to.

The bar area is pretty awesome.  There are couches lined up all around it.

Seriously, if you're a group of girls, you get hooked up.  Free admission, free drink tickets.  Awesome!

Maybe it was the alcohol talking, but I liked Lavo a whole lot more than Tao.
Honestly, I was not impressed by this place.  It was a pain to get inside of like any other Vegas joint but once you were inside it was a terrible layout.  They have one small dance floor with a go go dancer in the middle.  She was hot but there was no room to dance around.  On the side they have tables and a bar in the middle.  People are crowded around their table so you can't make your way to the bar.  They also have one main hallway between the two areas and it backs up.  But they always have people telling you to move, but you have no where to go.  I will make sure not to come back.  Their bar downstairs was nice and a lot more relaxed.  Actually had interesting conversation with some beautiful women down there.
im torn on whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars..

it wasn't what i expected... i thought it would be bigger but the dance area was relatively small and i felt a bit claustrophobic...

BUT... then I went downstairs... and apparently after the restaurant closes, you are allowed to sit at the tables and just order drinks and hookah.

yes.. the hookah is expensive and i have no intentions of ever hookah-ing there... but it was nice to have a place to sit down and rest and relax... plus, they made some super stiff drinks ... which were actually quite reasonably-priced!!!  we also ventured outside to get some fresh air and the patio area provided a new view of the strip.. which is always a plus in my book.

overall, i wasn't that impressed with the dance area but I really did like their decor and the downstairs/patio area... so i guess i will bump LAVO up to 4 stars...
Not sure if I missed something or if I wasn't fully prepared for what I was in for but, I didn't love this place. I really am normally drunk enough that I don't notice random strangeness. But, this was far more then that or maybe I needed more drinks? 

We came here after a great dinner at SushiSamba and I was so excited to check this place out hearing so much about it. 

We walked in and loved the decor going up to the club area. But, it took a quick turn for the worse. Not even 30 seconds in this place we spot a little person dressed in a unique costume - he was wearing a collar and a leash that was attached to the bull nose ring on a very large woman. I looked at my girlfriends and we all had the "WTF?" look on our face. 

We exited stage left 30 seconds later!
4.5 Stars
So a friend of a friends knows a friend who promotes here...LOL. I had 3 other sexy ladies with me so getting inside was not a problem. I even had a temporary paper picture ID from the DMV and the security didn't give me any hassle about it! YAY =) My friends and I had a great time here. They allow you to smoke indoor so I guess that was a plus for my girlfriend who smokes. I could care less...

The interior is just beautiful. I love their bathrooms too. The music was great but the dancefloor is just a bit small. This is definitely another vegas club I would go to again.
This review will definitely be in 2 parts since I have now eaten at the restaurant and been to the nightclub. So, lets start off with the restaruant. I think the food here is very very good. I think its even better than Tao. The chef here has done a good job of creating a menu that, while small, offers some interesting and intriguing options. Both times that I have dined here, I had some very tasty dishes. My favorite so far has been the sliders (which were very good), the Ludo's Crudos (a selection of fresh raw fish) and finally the Lamb Shank Quesadilla (which is superb). They may be small dishes, tapas style, but they are very filling and good. The decor of the restaurant is Turkish bathhouse like, but dark and intimate feeling. The music is ultra cool and very sexy downstairs in the restaurant and sets the mood accordingly. Absolutely one of my new favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.
Ok...now lets talk about the nightclub. First thing you notice...its tiny. I definitely look at it like more of an ultra lounge type of place, but its a nighclub so you have to take it as such. The bartenders are very cool. I have met a couple of them and they really were very friendly and accomodating. The dancefloor area isnt the biggest so its very crowded with its packed in this joint. They have a couple of nice VIP couches surrounding the dance floor for premium viewing. There is also a bigger VIP elevated area in the back of the club with alot more area. The sound system in LAVO is incredible. Very clear quality and thou loud it doesnt sound overbearing at all. And of course...the crowd. I must say that the couple of times that I have been to this place, the crowd has been pretty good. Saw some good looking ladies in deed.
NOTE: Had a definitely Nathan Hearns experience here. And for people that know me, its so to a tee. LOL. Only I could be given a big "F@#$ You" by Alan Thicke (yep...the dad of Robin & yes "Mr. Seaver" from "Growing Pains") in the bathroom for having on a piece of my clothing line that says "F@#$ You Hollywood" on it. LOL
oh lavo... i'm sorry that i judged you so quickly.

me and my friends were staying at the palazzo this past weekend and i had already put us on the guest list with a lavo promoter prior to our arrival...just in case we did want to check out this club at some point during our stay...

anyways promoter called me the day of to make sure we were coming and told us that itd be open bar for girls from 11-12. free drinks? yes please. we definitely worked that into our itinerary. we arrived around 10:45 and my first thought was "oh god i  knew this place was going to bad" -- there was about 5 people on the dance floor, and i was ready to leave. but we wanted to get our free drinks atleast...so once it hit 11pm we chilled by the bar area and threw back drinks for about 15 minutes and all of a sudden the club was PACKED

the music turned out to be great (hip hop if you're into that) which actually made us stay and dance fora while. so we ended up having a great time here but still left around 1 to head to tao-- but  its definitely a pretty decent club! the interior isn't as lavish or decorated as other clubs like tryst/tao so if you're into that then don't plan on coming here. 

supposedly they have open bar (only vodka) every weekend for the ladies so take advantage of that if you're stayin at the palazzo & then head elsewhere..
Went to Lavo for dinner a couple of days ago. The food was so so. The salads were pretty small and the crudos plate, which was like sashimi in some kind of oily sauce, was far from amazing. One of my friends ordered pasta which tasted the best of all our entrees. We also ordered wine, which for some reason was served in drinking glasses. I guess they ran out of wine glasses. The atmosphere,  however, was great. Nice bar and great decorations.. Check out the bathroom too. 
After dinner, we went to the club upstairs.. It was quite small but not too crowded. Although it doesn't compare to its counterpart Tao, Lavo had good music, friendly bartenders and a decent crowd.
Ludo's out.
went before watching The Phantom...not a good idea at all.  
we had the prix fixe menu.  salad, steak and frites, and dessert.  great portions, but nasty tasting food!
The only good thing about our experiance here was the ambiance, pretty cool its a bathhouse and the fresh bread that came out with the evoo!
other than that! don't waste your time here.  i should have trusted my gut when we walked into a half empty restaurant!
Touche, Venetian...Touche.

I was impressed with Lavo. It was an interesting decor walking up with floating Tuscan sinks trickling water and crystalline beads all around...and then getting into what can only be described as a Moroccan meets Greek UltraLounge. 

I was amazed at how much seating there was. Finally, a club that understands you shouldn't have to pay hundreds of dollars for a VIP booth in order to be comfortable! The music was popping, and the scene was fresh...It got crowded quick after 11, and I was having a great time on the dance floor...

The drinks were a little much (12 dollar shots of Jager? Please.) But this is Lavo; the "IT" Venetian club on the week days...Its in a prime hotel, in a prime location...of course it'll cost a couple green ones. Check it out if you're in the 21-30 age group...
There's not a whole lot of negative things I could say about Lavo, so I'll stick with the positives.

 - No cover thanks to the glamour and charm of a couple lovely ladies
 - The casual lounge downstairs is separated from the dance floor upstairs by a staircase linked with dozens of mesmeric floating sinks.
 - A comfy bench that wraps around the bar area, providing plenty of seating space.
 - The Greek bathhouse theme works.  The bars, bathrooms, and floors all put you inside an ancient Greek bathhouse party.
 - Great music, awesome dance floor.

One neg i can think of is the scantily dressed bartenders scavenging the dance floors looking to sell shots to lonely men in need of attention.  BOO for taking advantage.

Sure, the drinks are pricey, but you're in Vegas, and this is the place to be on those "low key" week nights.
Thought we'd end our Vegas trip with a BANG! and decided we'd get a table here at Lavo despite all the negative reviews we heard from people. 

Unlike Tao, the door was very well organized, the people who work here looked very calm and collected. We did not have to play the "look for the bouncer" game this time. We were immediately set aside and shown to our table. 

The cool thing about table service here is that they have these (ingenious!) cubbies where you can place all your personal items within your table's proximity so that you do not have to worry about (ahem!) losing your stuff during the night. 

The service was absolutely impeccable, our waitress was always around, and there was a great ratio of men to women. We all had a great time and would be happy to come back! 

The space is really nice, and was completely packed! We were slightly put off by these two women who were hired to grope each other all night in skimpy outfits. They also had a woman security person standing by at all times. Was a bit shocking even for me and I grew up in the Carnaval center of the world (Brazil)! 

I said it before and I'll say it again-- New York is not nearly as wild as Vegas is!!!
Terrible DJ mixing rap and bad 80s music to a packed, small house. Dancers were intertaining, but we split quick due to music.
They changed their menus around a week ago from tapas to traditional sit-down steak/pasta dinners. The lobster pizza was really good, and the service is really quick. It's very pricey though. $32 for the lobster pizza.
Lavo is a nice Italian food inspired restaurant where the price is right and interior design is sleek and modern. Nice outdoor balcony dining on the strip with nice views to the Treasure Islands pirate bikini show. :) Food was not mindblowing but good and dining outside when the weather permits works great in Lavo's nice location and setting. Wine list was great for Italian wine fans like me. Service was bit blunt and arrogant but when dining in good company with good food and wine, it's secondary - I'm European yes. I would think this place is also kids friendly. Petit stake I enjoyed was fantastic!

PS. owners/managers - the idea with the sink in the restroom is not designed correctly. Go to Mecca in Helsinki, Finland to see how you make "exceptional handwash" experience :-)
I'm kinda meh about Lavo.  
My gals and I got gussied up our first full night in Vegas and got on a list for Lavo.  All the list meant was no cover and free vodka drinks till 1130pm.  Not a bad deal at all.  But the place was PACKED.  I might sound like an old coot when I say this, but I HATE overly full clubs.  It's so unnecessary.  There was NO seating unless you paid for that seat.  
Also unnecessary, the two chicks strategically placed at the top of the stairs who's sole job is to writhe and wriggle on top of each other like new, reluctant lesbians.  Is this supposed to be a turn on?  Cause all I thought was "How do you list this job on a resume?"
The highlight of the night came when Sam manuvered us to the front of the dance floor and into prime real estate.  Space to move and breathe abounded AND there was a stage to dance on!  Now you're talking!  I spent the better part of the next 90 minutes doing my own wriggling and writhing (lesbian-free) on said stage.  
The music took a turn for the lame (see house music remixes) the later the night went on, so we took our leave sometime then.  All in all, a fun time.  Although I'm still trying to figure out why they bill themselves as a bathhouse (get it?  Lavo...Lavotory?  Spelling aside of course)
Good place for a drink.  The staff was a little over the top sexy... not for kids, but they were extremely nice..  The outside seating was fun and a great place to start or end the night.  We didn't try the food, but it looked good.
The lounge is nice, the security is nice for the most part and the hosts were nice. We got there relatively early and the place was a bit empty. They let you sit on people's tables if they're not filled up or reserved yet. But once they do, they'll kick you out. The place was incredibly crowded, but unlike Tao the crowd was good. Good mixture of different types of people and no one seemed like a douche. The music that night was absolutely outstanding, I loved it. It was probably the best place for music that I've been to in Vegas (been to Tryst, Tao, Jet, Christian Audinger, Pure, Bank, and Studio 54 so take my review for what it's worth, there are plenty of other places).  My favorite places so far have been Lavo and Jet. Probably the first two places I'd want to go again when I come back. 

It just got too crowded after a while and had to leave because there was no room to dance or do anything. But it's definitely a nice starter place to go to.
Interestingly enough we actually enjoyed our stay at Lavo. 

My friend, Anne, and I just finished watching Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian and they gave us complimentary drinks at Lavo. Niiice. I love free drinks but neither one of us has ever been to that place. It was a pleasant surprise that Lavo's interior is stunning! We adored the lighting, the Moroccan decor and even the coziness of the place. A perfect place to talk about the Phantom! We got our drinks, Midori Sour (yummy!) for both of us and sat at one of the comfy sofas while waiting for our hubbies. By the way, drinks are $11 to $13 for specialty drinks. Normal for Vegas standards.

We didn't wanna leave so we persuaded our hubbies to stay for dinner and boy did we made the right decision. The Kobe beef appetizer was divine but I fell in love with Heirloom(?) tomato salad. The prices was a bit steep but we expected it from a restaurant such as this one. Plus the fact that we're from the Bay Area where everything is overpriced, this is priced just right for us. Their appetizers run from $15 to $22, not bad since the ones we got are big enough to be shared by four, as long as you treat it as an appetizer and not the entree. 

The entrees came and I love love love my Veal Parmegiana (photos uploaded). I think it's priced around $28. Not bad since it's HUGE! Hubby ordered Seafood linguine ($22) which was just ok. A little on the salty side for my taste but hubby liked it. Huge serving again by the way. Anne's hubby ordered Lobster Risotto and it was just ok too and Anne got the Salmon with artichokes. I forgot the names but I tasted hers and I liked it too. Expect to pay around $22 to $35 for the entrees.

Our server is super nice. He was attentive and light hearted. He was able to answer all our questions and his suggestions were sound. We're not what you call upscale clientele but he made us feel that way. Unless of course he though we were because we were pretty that night. Hehe just kidding! There was also a guy going around asking people if we want to join the dance club upstairs. He said there won't be any cover charge since we already had our dinner there. Smart guy. He also stamped our wrists already so we won't have to fall in line. Purrrfect!

Ok here comes the bad. The dance club is baaad in my opinion. The hall on the way there is amazing but the actual dance floor is so disappointing! Even the music is BAD! It was crowded at 11pm but nobody was dancing. It only took us a second to wonder why. Everybody was asking for numbers and guys hawking to hook up. WTH? This is dance club people!

I'm giving Lavo the benefit of the doubt, maybe we came at wrong night. We were out of there in less than 5 minutes.

Instead we spent another couple of hours at  their lounge area outside. We enjoyed it there immensely. Just chatting, people watching and having smokes. It was the perfect end to a really nice day.

Will we come back to Lavo? Definitely. Check out the photos we uploaded.
My friend and I went here after we couldn't get through the mob at Tao. Beautiful place - 1st floor bar & outdoor patio, 2nd floor overlooks the 1st floor, and the 3rd level is the dance floor.
-----------------
"Shawty got low low low low...."

*15 minutes later*

"Shawty got low low low low..."

Am I just drunk or did they play the same song 15 minutes later?? I kind of got tired of going low to the same song. Isn't there 328739 other songs out there that have "low" in the lyrics?

Despite the DJ playing the same 10 songs throughout the entire night  (I love Lady GaGa too but I want to dance to something else!!), I had a good time! The drinks were "normal" Vegas/Hollywood prices. 

I went on the Thursday of Memorial Day weekend so it wasn't ridiculously packed BUT that also meant the crowd wasn't as hot. They were below average looking but we all had a good time!!
-- decor:  chic modern, just what you'd expect for a fine dining restaurant in a major casino/hotel in LV. 

-- service: good just as expected

-- food:  I ordered the Veal w/ salad and friends ordered seafood risotto and various other dishes. 

--- overall food and service + decor are 4.5 stars, the pricing brings it down to a 3 star for the value evaluation. 

One more thing, though we specifically requested our bill to be separate (came in way late, and ordered separately from other group of friends). They still made it difficult by grouping the billing together, so that we had to calculate out our portion...   the reason, 20% tip automatic!!
Great ambiance.  Great people.  Great time.

We had gone there mid-March for a wine tasting...a little early into a Thursday night...but fun nonetheless.  Nice patio overlooking the strip.

I would recommend Lavo for a warm-up drink and a cigar.
This club was actually alright, and I think had my friends and I been in a better mood, it would have been a great place to party it up at. We had just suffered horribly from our experiences at TAO, and was trying to salvage the night, so we went here.

The club is chic, and I liked the decor very much. My only complaint would be the amount of stairs that I had to climb to get to the main club/dance floor, but that wasn't TOO bad. The music choices were good, and people were much friendlier than TAO. These all lifted my spirits. The floor was packed, but what would you expect on a Saturday night?

My gripes with the club would just be the space (the dance floor and club area is tiny), and the lack of dividers between VIP and everyone else. I think all clubs should take a page from PURE, and section off the VIP areas so not just anyone can go and sit in there, and so there would feel like there was a difference for ppl who pay for the extra space vs ppl who did not.
went to Lavo on saturday and it seem'd to be a more older crowd....around 30+ in age.  I had fun didn't remember much because i got too drunk, but i did have fun.  It was really crowded inside, hot, sweaty people all over the place.  

whats up with the sinks when you walk out....no towels? no soap? just running water?? haha
This review is for the restaurant, not the club. After talking to our concierge at Encore, we decided to try Lavo. It was 7:45 and she said she'd call over for an 8:00 reservation, which I didn't think was necessary on a Thursday night, but I'm glad she did. When we showed up, the place was 75% full, and by 9:00, it was packed. The dining room is very cool - dark and sexy, with thumping house music, as you'd expect from a restaurant/nightclub from the TAO people. Service was just okay - our server seemed bummed when we told her we weren't having any drinks, and when we told her we needed a couple more minutes to look at the menu, she disappeared for about 20 minutes. She got nicer as the night went on, though. We shared the baked clams oreganato to start. At the same time, they brought out an entire loaf of garlic bread with marinara sauce to dip. We noticed that they always wait to bring this complimentary garlic bread until after you order - probably because it's HUGE and you'd order way less if you knew you were getting this. The clams and garlic bread were very good. Then we had the caprese salad, which was very nice, although personally I could have done without the green tomatoes. For entrees, we split the veal milanese and the pasta with vodka sauce. The veal was just okay, but the pasta was delicious. Word of warning: the portions here are ENORMOUS. We overheard the waiter telling another couple that when Ludovic Lefebvre was chef and they served Mediterranean small plates, people were all complaining about the tiny portions. So now they so overcompensated with these obscenely ginormous portions that it's really wasteful. They should tell you about the portion sizes before you order. We left over half the veal uneaten. So just know, if you dine here, that one app or salad and one entree are perfectly enough for two to share. Prices are reasonable to begin with, but when you see the portions and that you could share, it really becomes quite inexpensive. For good but not exceptional Italian in a very hip vibe, head to Lavo (especially if you want access to the club, which I hear is quite nice).
The only reason we came here that night was because the line for XS was insane and cover went up to $150 for guys.

Since we were staying at the Palazzo, we had free passes to Lavo.  Man, it definitely wasn't even worth the (albeit short) time in line.  It was packed inside -- like sardines!  And geezus, whoever was "DJ'ing"...Pandora could have done a better job.  Yea, that's right!  I really expected better DJ'ing over Memorial Day weekend....but it was stop and go, stop and go...horrible.  But if you really like choppy/bad transitions between some classic 80s rock tunes, this is your place.

Lavo's dance floor was TINY and the ceiling was really low, so this place overheated fast.  They don't offer tap water at the bar either...only Voss bottled water for $6 (think 8 oz)...RIDICULOUS.  

I have no idea how this could possibly be advertised to be on par with Tao.  The crowd had a very high male ratio as well (gee I wonder why).  Definitely will not be coming back for sure.
----------------------
The only reason we came to check out this place was because it was in The Pallazo where we were staying.  We were assured by the Casino host that we'd get in no line, no cover.  He instructed us to ask for Fred or Jeff, whatever his name was.  First off there is NO guest list line, there is only a General Admission line and Bottle Service Line.  There were only about 10 people in line anyhow.  So when we got to the front of the line we were met by this Jeff/Fred guy.  We politely told him that our host had called and put us on the list.  He tells us no, I don't see your name.  We then show him the card of the casino host thinking he might jog his memory.  Jeff/Fred says we have no idea who that is.  

My friend was getting agitated not by the fact that we had to pay cover for this crappy place that looked dead on a Saturday, but by the fact that this guy was acting like your typical nobody doorman that thinks he's somebody.  Anyhow, we said screw it we'll pay for the cover.  No point wasting our time trying to sort things out.  The  Jeff/Fred doucebag then tells us that my friend can't come in because he's drunk.  Me and my friend drink all the time and I know when he's "drunk".  He was not drunk.  My theory is the guy just couldn't handle our we don't give a damn and we're not gonna kiss your ass attitude.  Get a life man.  We weren't dying to get in to Lavo.  You had 10 people in line on a Saturday night @ 12am!  Could your poor attitude and customer service skills be the reason.  Hope you're management is paying attention to this post. 

 The clincher to this is after we partied elsewhere and got back to our rooms my friend had a voicemail on his phone from the casino host confirming that everything was all good and that he spoke to this Jeff/Fred guy confirming our that we'd get in.
I am a huge fan of Lavo. We went on a Sunday night which is supposedly their best night, and had so much fun! A lot of these clubs that we went to were playing this trance crap but not Lavo. Their music was right up our ally. When I'm in a club I like rap music. Give it to me dirty and with heavy beats; I'll be THAT girl on the dance floor throwing her hair around, shaking it like a salt shaker while gettin' low. Awwww yah. 

It's a pretty small venue so if you're looking for something grand, you're much more likely to enjoy XS or Tryst.
------------
My review is of the nightclub, not the restaurant.

I would really give this place 3.5. I was fortunate enough to get on the guestlist via napkin nights. Although, the downside was that my friends weren't on and had to pay cover. The line was already long and I had noticed there wasn't a line for guestlist so what I did was walk up to one of the "hosts" and asked them about if I had to wait in the line and he was really cool and said we could cut the line since I was guestlisted.

Okay so what you people really care about: yes, the club is very very tight (as in small) and you have to go up A LOT of stairs just to get there. I don't even know where the men's bathroom is. It isn't obvious, I'll tell ya that!. Music was alright, at times it got a bit repetitive and old but picked up. Thank god Wayne Brady was there to catch our attention while the crap music was playing. Good crowd but super small dance floor.

Notes:
Cover on a Sunday: 20 bucks (free if you guestlist). Pretty crowded despite it being a Sunday night. Just talk to the dudes at the door. The one I talked with was pretty cool. You just gotta talk to the right one (and no I did not slip him a bill or two.) So there are decent and good bouncers out there! Good Music, good looking chicks, Happy Fella.
This is a review for Lavo as a nightclub:

Sooo we basically snuck into Lavo via the door closest to the front desk of the Palazzo lobby. I'm not sure how or why there was no bouncer at the door, but wooohoooooo for no cover! I'd stopped by here in the daytime for drinks before on previous visits to Vegas, but this past trip was my 1st time coming to indulge in its nightlife scene. Bottomline is that we got what we were looking for, loved the decor + had a good time, but I'll probably try other nighttime hotspots on the strip before coming back again. Check out my photos of the place!   =)


Location - It's on the right side from the front doors of the Palazzo, across from the front desk. Easy to find + so there's no need to wind around the casino searching for it. If you're walking to it from the strip, there's outer awnings with LAVO printed right on it. 

Parking - As with every casino, Palazzo has it's own free multi-level garage at the back. They have an entrance from Las Vegas Blvd or on Sands Ave. 

Venue - A bit on the smaller side but very nicely themed dark, Mediterranean decor. Downstairs there's a full bar w/ an ample seating lounge area of couches + cushions. Then upstairs you'll pass by some decorative urns as well as a hallway of water basins that actually have running water in them. This leads to even more stairs (thank goodness for handrails...), at the top of which is another bar + finally the dance floor. This bar has more comfy seating around the wall + is far enough away to have a decent conversation away from the music. The dance floor is on the small side + is surrounded by the special reserved tables. The bouncers try to barricade the tables from the floor by using those velvet ropes, which only leads to people running into them because the dance floor is so packed... not very efficient. There's a stage at the back wall of the floor + a slightly tacky disco ball that hangs on the ceiling above it. 

Cleanliness - No problems here, but then again it's so dark that it would have been difficult to tell anyways. At one point in the night I did see employees wiping a spilled drink at the edge of the dance floor, but other than that, I take this as a good sign. 

Crowd - We went on a weekday so the only part of the club that was packed was the dance floor, where everyone seemed to be having a good time. The crowd was young + fairly diverse on multiple levels. Not too many older or creepy people. 

Music - They played different music downstairs + upstairs, the latter of which was a bit too much on the loud side for my taste. Anytime where it's kinda difficult to have a conversation with a friend right next to me can't be good for the ear drums. It was your typical top-40's music, danceable but not too memorable for being either awesome or bad... just loud.

Bar - As previously mentioned, there 2 large bars: 1 upstairs + 1 downstairs. As it wasn't too crowded on this weeknight, there was no problem getting the attention of the bartenders, who were quick + attractive as well as attentive. During our last round of drinks, I asked for mine on the lighter side + the bartender complied while saying that she added extra into my friend's drink to be fair. Nicely done; she got a good tip. 

Drinks - This is Vegas so of course the drinks are expensive. Everything we ordered was about $10-$15 before tip, but the drinks were stiff + as mentioned, they came quickly.  

Bathroom - I'm not sure about the downstairs, but there is a nice bathroom upstairs between the walkway of the dance floor + the bar. The bouncers stand around there + flash their flashlights to clear the area so you don't have to fight the crowd to do what you gotta do.

Price - Cover on the weeknight we went is $20, but since we snuck in, we paid nada, muahaha. If you stay at the Palazzo, you get complimentary entry into Lavo as well. There is also a guestlist, which can get you in free, but you have to either know a promoter or get friendly with a bouncer. The club is open until the wee hours around 4am, but they stop letting people in soon after midnight.
It was supposed to be "Rock N' Roll" Thursday and got free cover for being a hotel guest. 

It was dead. Absolutely 100% dead. 

They were playing "Mr. Brightside" which is a.) Not rock and roll and b.) Not dancing music except for the few drunk girls lurching around the dance floor. 

And then I left. The End.
This review is for the restaurant, not the nightclub. 

Our second night in Vegas and I'm in the mood for some Italian. The first thing I thought of was Lavo, because I had heard they recently opened and are from the same people who brought us Tao. Wasn't really sure what to expect food-wise, but I figured we might as well try it. 

First, the atmosphere: definitely a club first and a restaurant second. A DJ stood ready off to the side of the bar area, which was obviously going to be the dance floor once they got all the tables out of the way. The decor is like a combination of an old Mediterranean villa and a NYC nightclub. One thing that struck me as funny was what the waiters were wearing -- White shirt with an open collar, apron, and black suspenders. It looked like that scene in Godfather when Clemenza was teaching Michael how to make sauce, because everyone in the room was dressed like Clemenza. Anyway, on to the food...

Appetizer: I had a giant Caesar salad, which was really enough for two or three people. I only ate about a quarter of it, but it was good. My friend had their signature rice ball, stuffed with Kobe beef. I tried a little bit of it and it was absolutely superb. Ridiculously good. 

Main Course: Rigatoni Melanzane (rigatoni pasta with eggplant). Pretty good, but nothing special. I've had the same type of dish at many other Italian places before, and, honestly, it's not the best I've ever had. But not the worst.

Dessert: Chocolate Bread Pudding. I can say without a doubt that this might be the best dessert I have ever had. Rich, thick bread pudding that looked almost like strips of French toast, infused with chocolate and drizzled with butterscotch. Wow. That dessert really made the whole dinner worthwhile. 

 So all in all, not the best Italian place I've ever been to, but the service was quick, the people were nice, and the decor was nice, if not a little amusing. Maybe next time I'll go back and see how the club is.
We ate at the restaurant and made a short stop at the club.  The food was really yummy and the prices seemed reasonable for Vegas (maybe that's because I had just returned from living in over-priced SF for four months).  There were about 8 of us and most of us ordered various pastas.  One of my friends had the steak and she seemed to enjoy it.

Our waiter was really fun and he made sure my friend (who was having her bachelorette party) had a great time.  After a filling dinner, we headed upstairs to the club.  It's kind of weird that there are little faucets on the bridge part before you enter the club.  My hands were not that clean from dinner so I washed them there. Haha, I'm sure that's not why they put them their but that's ok. 

My friends wanted to leave the club after 10 minutes but I was having a good time.  Oh well, maybe next time.  It was really small and extremely crowded.
this place was poppin on sunday night! wasnt too crowded, the music was bummmpinn and i had a great time! 

yay to open bar bracelets and fast bartenders! 

respects to michael.
I've only been here once and only for the food and drink, but I'm not much of a club kid.  I went here with a friend, without a reservation, and in jeans and a top.  Not dressy by any means, but then again, we were WAY too early for the club scene and we didn't eat inside the restaurant.  We sat at the bar, watched the game, and chatted up about what was going on in our lives.  We decided to order some appetizers to go with our cocktails, as neither one of us was super hungry.  Well....

Being a resident of the great Sin City, I scoff at these over priced restaurants that reside on the Strip.  I try, like every other local, to avoid the Strip as much as possible.  But on the odd occasion that finds me inside a mega hotel, I bite the bullet and pay the price - literally.

We ordered the mozzarella balls (yes, balls not sticks) and the Kobe beef ball.  Come to think of it, I see a pattern forming here, but I digress...

While the food was excellent (dish #1 was 3 mozzarella balls deep fried with a marinara sauce and a watercress salad - dish #2 was 1 rice and peas shaped ball filled with ground beef - Kobe, I think not tho- fried to a crisp), it was hardly worth $22 each dish.  They are appetizers, true, but at that rate, I wouldn't be able to afford dinner.

We ate in happy fashion, watched the game du jour, and merrily drank our over priced martinis.  After the food though, we booked it, as we noticed the line forming and the club crowd gathering.  Would I go again?  Probably not...
as a club, this place is more like a lounge. pretty cool tho if u dont want the big crowd, which often i dont. music was fine, eye candy is fine, outdoor seating is BEAUUUUUTIFUL!!! i would love to have dinner outside. I did try this roll they had on the appetizer menu, and it was really good.

this is a chill spot, not a CRAZY VEGAS CLUB. lol this is good if ur not into clubs, but u like to drink. like i said its like a lounge. best outdoor seating in vegas!
Straight up, this place sucks.. Sure the decor is kind of unique with the sinks lining the pathway in.. sure it's nice to see such lovely female scenery on the stairs as you enter the club.. and of course, it's always nice when the ladies in your group get hooked up with free alcohol and pass on to the guys..

BUT DAMN.. none of that can make up for the amount of DICKERY that the security guards have when corralling you and suffocating you on the tiny dance floor.. Seriously, we couldn't stand anywhere, unless of course it was in the mass of sweaty, stinking, rhythmically challenged bodies.. To top it off, they played the typical top 40 hits with nothing else really worthwhile..

And on top of that, I had to fork over 20 hard earned dollars.. whaaaat??
This review is not for dinner just the club upstairs. 

We came with a group of 6, and mostly guys so they made us get bottle service which was fine. It was $400 total with tax and gratuity. Megan was our host and she was awesome. Super friendly and completely there for us all night. The decor is like a turkish bathhouse/moroccan which was fun. 

The club itself is very small and is usually so overcrowded. This night Telemundo had an event and they playes Latin all night which is my favorite so I was pretty happy with the music. All around friendly place but it isnt my first club of choice. Just too small. If you dont want much of a hassle, low cover costs, come here and have a pretty good time.
Review for the club:

Open bar from 11-12 with wristband...Michael Jackson medley for about 30 minutes....dance floor an ok size but still pretty packed...this place is a definite pre-party spot do not recommend for rockstar types....

Also many sinks to wash your hands in from the entrance of the club to the bathroom ..no im not kidding....that is all
CLUB: Although I hear the food is great I have yet to make it to the restaurant. The club is "cozy" a little smaller than your average Vegas club and always packed. Love the decoration, great ambiance and good music. Bottle service is attentive and I like that they keep the water bottles stocked at the tables because a Vegas local shouldn't be drinking themselves into oblivion every time he/she goes out. Sunday night is a fun night to go.
This review is strictly for the restaurant. 

Came here on a Thursday night for pre-party cocktails and appetizers. The decor was sexy and the staff was on point. We had the Kobe Stuffed Rice Balls (CRAZY GOOD), calamari and Caccitore Pizza with fresh Parmesan cheese:) The complimentary garlic bread with/marinara was also delish! For our group this was just enough food to coat the stomach before a night full of drinking. Would definitely like to check this place out a "little" bit earlier in the evening for a full dinner.
we went to the restaurant and the club, so i'll review both. 

love, love, LOVED the restaurant!! i was a little nervous after reading all the reviews but we were so happy with everything. the decor is stunning. i went with a party of 4 girls and it was fantastic. we had reservations at 8, and they kept us waiting at the bar until 8:40 or so, so we got a free round of drinks - we'll take it. got sat and ordered a pretty cheap bottle of wine (for vegas especially). delicious garlic bread!! i ordered the tuna tartar - AMAZING!!! it had tuna and avocado with an amazing cilantro lime sauce. so refreshing and delish. then me and my friend split the salmon - herb crusted with some sort of zucchini salad. so yummy. my friends enjoyed their meals too - one ordered penne vodka and the other ordered... um... well i had a bottle of wine so i forgot. so yummy. 

they came around and stamped our wrists and then we went outside to go upstairs. there was a long line but i guess we said the magic words because we were let into the club first. we could sit anywhere until that table was claimed, so we camped out at a sweet table for 2 hours til we decided to leave. the club became super packed and played pretty good music. i wasn't blown away by the club, but i think that had to with my company and not the club itself. loved the bathrooms. and loved the decor! 4 stars for you, lavo. i will definitely come back for that tartar.
We went here for drinks with the girls...we got some of those free passes and we figured we might as well check it out our first night since we were planning on heading to Tao our second night.  

The good part is that we got in fairly quickly...didn't have to wait in line or pay (helps to be an all-girl group).  The bad part however...

We stayed mainly in the lounge area and not really the club part, but for a lounge they sure make it hard to get a drink!  We were standing around the bar area for a while, and finally got a drink after some guy offered to get us drinks (thanks random guy!).  When I went back to get some more, the bartender basically ignored me and filled all of the servers' orders first.  I got tired of waiting and went back to our seats but servers were nowhere to be found to take our order either.  Finally saw one of those chicks selling cocktails and got 3 shooters for 6 bucks each, they were pretty bad, but at least we got some alcohol in our system.

Finally left since we were bored, I was nowhere near buzzed, and my friend was getting hungry.  I probably won't go back to this place...with or without the girls.
This review is for the nightclub. Had an AWESOME time here! Came last Sat. with a group of friends. The guys in our group got a table which was awesome. We even had male escorts to the bathroom (which the guys made me promise I'd take advantage of, it was hilarious!) We had a bunch of my sorority sisters join us sometime into the night, and the security guards were awesome about it, we just told them the name of our table and my girlfriends got in right away! And there was free drinks for ladies w/wristband from 11-12 which worked out well, though it was only well vodka, but mixed with sour mix and soda I can hardly tell the difference. 

Somewhere along the way my girlfriends and I found ourselves dancing on ledges. They must have been serving up some pretty strong drinks! Can't remember the last time I had this much fun!
A definite must NOT visit while in Las Vegas. It touts itself as a restaurant; however, the dining room is filled with super-loud dance music and non-diners using your table space as an extension of the dance floor. The service is less than attentive, very inconsistent and includes bringing all 4 courses at once.  Additionally, the food, namely pasta and seafood is not fresh. That recognizable sweet smell of old seafood was very prominent and coupled with penne pasta reminiscent of soggy cardboard made for an unappealing dish , but when coupled with a bastardized attempt at Alfredo sauce was the deal breaker.  Don't expect the service personnel to recognize your discontentment or the manager to know what to do. I was proposed the proverbial question from a rookie manager "what would you like me to do?". At that point, the check and a quick exit made me happiest.
When the only thing good about the club happens before you actually get in the club, it deserves one star.

Got in free with no wait thanks to the awesome Korean gentleman at the door.  Right before you walk in there are two chicas in partial clothing that are feathering each other...pretty hot except they didn't seem too into it.  What an awesome job though!

The guy bartender took exceptionally long getting us our drinks so that surely started us off with good impressions.  We made our way to the dance floor which was pretty crowded.  Normally I enjoy a lot of people on the dance floor but I soon realized it was just because it was small.  No matter where you were, you had to constantly pause and get out of the way for a train of people trying to walk through.

The worst part was the DJ.  Jesus.  When we first got there he was playing some good club music but eventually rolled over into some rock n' roll.  I get it if you wanna loop in a song or two but this fool played about 8 'rock' songs in a row and trust me, I love to rock, but when you're at a club you wanna hear some ass-shakin' music...duh!  Besides of which, they were mostly nameless one-hit wonders and I think "Sweet Child of Mine."  

Once his rock n' roll phase was finished he go into some better dancing songs BUT THEN he started playing the same songs that he had played less than 30 minutes before!!  I think I counted 4 or 5 that I heard twice in the couple hours that we were there.  All I'm saying is that when you're hired as a professional DJ at a club in Vegas you should be prepared and have some originality. 

Once we made the good decision to leave, we headed to an extensively better experience at V Bar...
Only speaking of the club: whenever I go here we get in free and last time we got free drink bands.  But even though we didn't have to drop a dime, we never stay for more than 30 minutes.  The bartenders are rude.  The dance floor is tiny.  The crowd was ok.  Decor is really nice.  But there's nothing about this club to keep you wanting to stay around.  Especially considering all the other clubs in close proximity.  I think they try to lure the hotel guests in order for this place to gain exposure.
Club review:  Worth it if you don' pay for it.

We got in courtesy of a friend, and ended up w/ bottle service for only $20 for our group.  WOWSERS, what a deal, and we ended up tipping our server 80.  anyhoo, the bathroom was nice, and the attendant was SUPER friendly.  

dj was a bit whack - like he had ADD while mixing it up.  I have to admit, the walk way getting into the night club was fun - there was a row of spouts with water coming out...so cool!  

A lot of folks were filing out by 2 am, so enjoy the momentary lapse of good times, b/c it's fleeting.
cool spot, nice decor! descent music, ok staff.
**RESTAURANT REVIEW ONLY**

I met a promoter on Facebook who offered to comp me a free dinner for me and a group of my girlfriends for my birthday. Of course, I was thrilled and could not pass up an offer to eat at a fine Italian restaurant on the Strip. 

Two of my girls, my mom, and me arrived at Lavo and it was *packed* for a Tuesday night! I heard it was "Industry Night", so that could have been the main reason. The main restaurant is part of the nightclub upstairs, and there was a DJ spinning a good mixture of house tunes and Top 40 remixes. I'm glad he didn't play hip-hop since that's not my thing. The decor was eclectic and unusual, plus I liked the dark, mysterious lighting. Because it was so busy, we waited about 20-30 minutes or so, then we were seated.

We were given a fixed menu of the chef's favorite entrees and we were allowed one free alcoholic beverage each. I wanted to order Veuve Cliquot, but I could only order sparkling white wine instead, which was fine with me. We started with garlic bread and calamari with marinara sauce, and caesar salad. The salad was so tasty and I am not a big salad girl by any means. It was definitely my favorite appetizer.

Next we had penne pasta, chicken marsala with spinach, and mashed potatoes. They were all excellent. Considering it was all comped, they did not skimp on the portions at all. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, and so were the rest of the staff. Our promoter also met us personally and invited us up to the nightclub if we wanted to after dinner, but my friends decided to pass. I totally would have gone dancing if one of my friends was not my ride for the evening. 

I was very impressed with Lavo. I would definitely go back to the restaurant and the nightclub to party in the near future. Kudos to the Lavo staff for making this all possible. :-)
** Club Review**
We went to Lavo as a joke because my friends had free admission and line passes. We are not "club" people, but figured it would be a good way to see Palazzo and see what Lavo was all about. I called ahead to see if cameras were allowed. I was told they were, but got some resistance as we were coming into the club. (I did get the camera in). I guess they were afraid we would snap a paparazzi pic of some random celeb there and call Tmz.. I only wanted to take pics of myself and my friends on vacation. We were ushered upstairs to the club where we paid $13 per drink. There is really nowhere to sit as all the tables/seats are reserved for crazy people who are willing to pay three, four or five times as much for bottles of liquor then they would at the local liquor store. Now I like Grey goose as much as the next person, but for $375 a bottle, the goose can suck it. Lol. There was also $6,000 (yes that was six thousand dollar) bottle of Cognac. Who's drinking that??? P diddy?? Insane. You can sit at the reserved tables until someone more important (or more stupid willing to get hosed paying for alcohol) comes in to sit there. Standing room only ensues as the night goes on, and as you know, standing in one place on your feet in Vegas, for hours, is never a good thing. The dance floor is teeny and tight, and they were playing music from the early 90's. Mary J remixes, old 50 cent, crazy old stuff. I thought in Vegas in a cutting edge, trendy club, the dj would be more on it with some recent tunes. The drinks were good, but not for the price. All in all it was a funny experience watching all these young rich kids trying to out buy their friends with liqour on their tables to impress the girls. Comical. All around you saw sausage fests- 5 or 6 guys sitting alone around a table full of expensive alcohol.  I would rather been dressed down in jeans at a crazy fun bar, or dueling pianos, or at toby keiths on a good night.
Saturday night.
I loved Tao, so it's no surprise that I love Lavo as well. 
The only downside was the line to get in. Also, the bartender was only serving the rudest, most demanding customers first. Who cares how long you've been waiting with your money outstretched?! 
However, those are common issues. 
The place itself is amazing. Beautifully decorated with multiple floors. Tons of stripper-like dancers and female decorations for that 'sexy' atmosphere setting. Just like most Vegas nightclubs. 
But the music - that made my night. It went beyond what toxins can make you feel.
Oh, and it helps that we saw Harold from 'Harold and Kumar' there too!
I've always come here for a drink or the club but never to eat. We finally decided to try it. I ordered the softball size meatball which they said was kobe, veal and beef. It was pretty good but big. The risotto was also good. The desserts are HUMONGOUS! They have this donut dessert where you dip in oreo shake. The chocolate cake could feed 4. And the warm chocolate bread pudding was delicious!! If you sit outside, you can watch the Treasure Island show across the street, but it's loud because of all the firing cannons.
This review is strictly for the nightclub. 

This place is extremely underrated. I've been to other Las Vegas nightclubs, and although this place doesn't make you "feel" like you're in Vegas because of the toned-down ambiance and decor compared to the other over-the-top establishments, I still feel like I had the time of my life! The DJ played music that I enjoyed and was able to dance to (mostly Hip-Hop/Top 40s/90s). There were a few songs that were played 2-3 times that night, but that's ok since I didn't really notice until after I left the club (it was brought up in discussion between me and my friends). 

Our group did bottle service this evening. I've done bottle service at other places, and I can say that the service here was just ok. There were times where I had to ask where our personal bartender/waitress was. Where at other places they are extremely good about making sure that your assigned detail was always there when you needed them. The security dude was pretty good at making sure that no one invaded our area as there was this one drunk chick that decided to sit in our designated area and that was handled quickly. 

So, some may call this place too small but I'd rather look at it as intimate. And although I did find a few things that I didn't like, those things are extremely minor and you can definitely count on me coming back to this place!
Night club review only. 
This was the first Club we hit up when we were in Veags.  Cool decor nice ambiance.  We got hooked up w/ free drinks from 11pm to 12pm.  The guy that hooked us up, let us sit to the VIP area until the people who reserved that spot showed up.  It worked out perfect because when we were ready to hit up the next club it was midnight and that's when the peole who resevered the spot showed up. Music was cool but make sure you get there early because that place gets packed.  

-p2
Three words - Kobe.  Beef.  Meatball.

If you think a meatball, or any other form of sphere-shaped meat cannot be exquisitely delicious, then you are so wrong.  The grapefruit sized Kobe meatball was one of the most sinful treats I have ever tasted.  

Lavo's dishes win because of their simplicity and elegance.  Nothing is too fancy or over the top, it's just classic Italian food amplified with high quality ingredients in a gorgeous setting.  The dining room has sky high ceilings, massive chandeliers, low lighting, and is staffed with very attractive servers.  I couldn't have asked for a better Vegas dining experience, and I only tried three things on the menu!
The reason I am giving Lavo 5 stars is because there are few places of it's kind. I enjoy it's elegance, fantasticly revamped menu, and sick club. The only other outstanding club restaurant would be Tao. Tao is amazing! Tao Beach is a pool party with unreal food so this company has their sh-t together. This property is a little more high end boutique, but any one could have a great night here.

At the moment I am personally at Lavo every Sunday. I am happy to help people get into the club. Unfortunately I can only help groups of girls or people that want bottle service. Bottles average around 350 and 28% tax and gratuity is included in your bill. 

The food is fantastic. If you've heard mixed reviews in the past the food use to be Mediterranean but it's now home cooked Italian style. I've heard several people say, "I usually have fried calamari, but this is unreal." Yum! The Salmon is the best! Now I'm pretty hungry.

Lavo is a little more strict when it comes to dress code. I have seen several people in t-shirts get turned away. Sandals on men or gym shoes are also not allowed. 

Sundays DJ Vice performs. He is one of the most well known resident DJ's in a town that has the most famous DJ's in the world constantly performing. He plays the top 40's which everyone wants to hear but he also plays some old school music as well. He scratches which I don't hear or see many DJ's do. Late night he plays more house techno music. He plays to the mood and sets the mood at the club. He is a baller!

Let me know if I can help you guys out! I also have friends that work there on the dates I am unavailable. Hope you enjoy my review! Don't hesitate to message me with any questions you may have.
NIGHTCLUB REVIEW ONLY:

GREAT SERVICE!!!!! NICE STAFF!!!!
BUT------
If middle-age, mid-western women with no rhythm are your cup of tea, this place is for YOU! One almost broke my wrist when she tried to use my 110 lb self for leverage as she tried to climb onto one of the ledges you can stand and dance on...  

lot's of literal "ho's" looking for the next John... you might not realize that is what she is to start, but as the night comes to a close, she hopes that you are drunk enough to take her home and pay top dollar.

if you are a people-watcher. you'll love it.
I loved Lavo. If you like Tao, think of it but with Italian food. Great atmosphere, music and crowd. Our waiter was from NY, and a lot of fun and we got in the club free.. the food was great. 
The club is a bit much, ladies, make sure you wear something short and tight and the heels are HIGH.
Lavo is located in the Palazzo in the main lobby area and on the way to the taxis'.  It's a restaurant, bar/lounge, with a club upstairs.  I have never visited the club, but I have managed to sit in the lounge a few times.  The DJ plays mostly deep house, and the decor is warm and inviting.  Since it has so much to offer, it's a good place to start your evening, stop by for good food and drink after shopping, or chill out and chat with a mix of friends.  (Oh, and you can watch the games if you sit at the bar...)
We had the night all planned out: Dinner and drinks at Tao, then we get into Tao nightclub without having to wait in line and pay cover.  It was brilliant, and all thanks to other Yelpers who noted that this was their policy.

Only trouble is: Tao nightclub isn't open on Wednesday, and we didn't find that out until after dinner when we asked our server.  He mentioned that Lavo, their sister restaurant/nightclub, would let us in for free.   Ok, cool, mission accomplished.  Maybe tomorrow we can dine at Lavo, then get into Tao nightclub.  Hope it works the other way around . . . .

Not really impressed by Lavo, partially because of the bottle-service phenomenon.  It was pretty small, and all the seating was taken up by bottle service tables, roped off even though there was no one there.  You try telling your girlfriend who just walked to the monorail, to Tao, and then from Tao to Lavo in heels that she can't sit down.  Not pretty.

I have to give bottle service and high heels a separate paragraph.  See above for why both of these things can make a fun night out feel like a death march.  If these two things did not coexist in Vegas everywhere, there would be a lot more happy ladies out there, perhaps with less-sexy feet and not draped around some dude who wants to show off his $, though . . . 

The music was just OK.  The mashups/medleys of old school pop like MJ and other '80s and '90s hits were too short - you'd get into one song and they'd switch it up on you real quick.  Most of the newer stuff was standard club hip hip . . . snore.  It was still fun, I can dance to almost anything with a beat, but mix it up a little.  Soaring melodies and more funky bass lines can do wonders to lighten up the droning bass.  I wish MJ's Don't Stop 'Till You Get Enough lasted longer than just part of a medley . . .  we stopped, but we didn't get enough.

The crowd was cool, no real aggressive douches, or it would have been maybe 2-star or worse.  But we did see a group of them entering as we were leaving, so who knows.  The dancer they had on a platform was hot and talented, she kept things going.  The rest of the crowd was fun, friendly, out for a good time, and that, a bass line, and some good club lighting can keep me out on the dance floor despite the music.

Looking forward to trying Tao-the-nightclub tomorrow, and hope dinner at Lavo gets us into Tao like the reverse did last night.
It must suck being the little sister of Tao. Lavo seems like they tried to make a bangin club then decided midway that it wasn't worth it and stopped. There is nothing special about Lavo. I got about 15 of us in for free so we still had a great time, but WTF I got gum on my new black pants! I sat down on this little area where girls can just get up and dance on and I discovered the next day that there was gum smeared all over. It took forever to get most of it off. It looks like someone jizzed all over my booty. She's a ho, for sho. 

There is nothing memorable about Lavo. Just go to the Venetian and go to Tao. So much better. Mike Nagar is a great promoter for both Tao and Lavo.
You don't have to read my reviews to convince you this spot is just terrible. The Palazzo itself is grand, awesome and has beatiful places for pictures.

I was reluctant to come here. My girl stated,"Yeah a friend of mine has hookups there." Truth of the matter Vegas has no hookups for men, yet we usually pay the bill in Vegas. I already know and understand this about Vegas. No biggie.

Let me illustrate to you how poorly run this waste of space is. From the beginning. The line causes confusion. You have an entrance door that within close proximity to an exit door. Once you enter, you eventually end up at the exit door. Then you ask yourself, "Why don't they just use both doors?" One can be used as a VIP entrance. No fire codes would be violated in the process.

Bars are poorly stocked. Lost count at the amount of times bartenders were calling for replenishments. Then you get other employees trying to squeeze past you carrying drinks "by hand" to get to the bartender. Aisles are super tight on the second floor. This is the main club area. Security here is inefficient too. Keep the aisles clear guys. Cmon. 

Very frustrating place to be. We exited within 20 minutes.
Came in for drinks with a dreamy little hunk of man meat and had a nice time.  Had a great lemon blueberry drink and a glass of prosecco.  It was pretty quiet at the bar, so service could afford to be friendly and attentive.
The bathroom attendant freaked me out; she wasn't there when I walked in, but then she would magically appear when I came out of the stall.  Is she materializing in through the walls?  Hiding in a stall?  Weird.
Really a gorgeous location.
Was here in September 2009 on 2 ocassions.  Decent atmosphere, but hard to have a conversation with someone and nothing special going on here.  Bartenders were OK on service
The food was reasonable, but like just about every other place on the strip in Vegas probably not worth what we paid for it.  The service was terrible -- our waiter, who reminded us of Joran van der Sloot, spent most of his time flirting with a table of young women rather than attending to his customers.  Thankfully a fellow waiter took pity on us and brought us water and drinks.  The electronica dance music was way too loud and sounded more like a rave party than a restaurant.  We won't be back.
Lavo is an interesting place. It gets high marks for its theming, which is what I tend to look for in a nightclub. The 'sinks' upstairs on the catwalk are quite interesting. As far as the drinks: expensive, as you might expect in the city. When this place gets crowded, you can expect being smack dab next to another soul, sharing the tiny space that is the dance floor. The mixes can be OK, but not great. XS is a better bet.
Comped passes for girls and discounted for guys staying @ Palazzo.  Didn't take long for us to get in and into the bar area.  Drinks are typical Vegas prices, but can pack a punch.

Excellent DJ played club jams all night, so we just stayed on the dance floor for the most part.

Until 1 a.m., when we went downstairs to meet our friends with table service.  I like downstairs a whole lot better.  No crowd, plenty of seats.  Yes, I am getting old.

Table service prices are reasonable, all things considered.  They give you a fancy carafe thing, but it isn't filled all the way up, so beware.  Regardless, I had a blast there, but I wouldn't make a special trip for Lavo.  The hype is over.
I've been to Lavo twice. First time was a Friday night back in April. We got the hookup so we didn't pay to get in. The music was bumping and I loved that they played some dirty south hip hop for a while. Since it was crowded and the dance floor is tiny, we just stood and did a little bounce and two step. 

Second time was on a Saturday night after partying at Tao. We got in free but instead of heading to the upstairs club, we hung out at the downstairs lounge. There were plenty of seats and as long as you ordered drinks, you could sit anywhere. The music downstairs was good, chill but something you could still dance to if you wanted. You could even go to the outside patio where there were couches and views of the strip.

I like the concept of the restaurant/loung/nightclub and the decor is nice. It's supposed to mimi a Greek bathhouse. If the dancefloor upstairs was a little bigger it would be nice. -1 star for the psuedo-lesbian girls dry humping on display for the guys. Instead of go-go dancers, Lavo has these girls dressed up like Greek concubines who pretend to be all lesbionic with eachother. If you're going to do all that, at least LOOK like you enjoy it. Most of the girls look bored. At least get real lesbians. I'm just saying..
This club is just like any other Vegas club. Long lines, crowded, and dark. That being said, there are some distinguishing factors about Lavo. If you eat at the restaurant, you gain entrnace for free and skip the line.

Once in, the club is inviting. There are many places for the ladies to get up and dance. The bottle service area is accessible and not some elusive club area, it is easy to mingle with those folks. There were people of all kinds, ages, etc. Security keeps things moving and helps you out whenever possible.
We came here for a friend's 30th birthday and were treated to a big long table in a private area of the restaurant. Our group ahd about 20 people in it. The menu was fairly limited but had a good selection of steaks.

I chose the 8oz. Filet Mignon and it was decent at best. The flavor was light and the meat kind of dry. They do treat you well here though and you are paying for the ambiance as well. I would try this place again except order something else.
"A Better Experience in Vegas"

I love how the line is worked out.  They stick everyone into one line unless there is bottle service.  No pushing need to get to the front of the line to get in.  Didn't need to tip or anything either.  

My night - Drank about 10 shots in line in 5 minutes waiting for me to get in.  I was surprised on how well I did and didn't start throwing up everywhere.  But I met some nice people in line and decided to give them some since I couldn't finish a 1.75 liter bottle to myself.  I took about a quarter of the bottle.  Then took some and mixed it with the rest of the pomegranate juice I had left.  Just kept sipping on it with the ladies in front of me.  Random girls and random nights.  This save me over 200 bucks.  I'm really surprised that the bouncers didn't really care while waiting in line.  That was a really really big plus.  They saw me, and they still let me in.

Now lets get to the people - Wow... I might have paid to get in, but I barely spent any money on drinks.  I just made my rounds dancing with random people... Not sure how this started to happen, but random girls just started pouring me shots.  Which was nice.  I guess they liked my costume, since it was for Halloween.  But yes, this one girl in particular, just kept poor me drinks.  The guys in there group weren't dancing so I pulled one guy to the side and was like, it's Vegas... Just dance, they won't mind it.  I think they would prefer someone they know than a random guy like me to dance with them.  The guy started to dance, the girl danced back.  Yes, success!  Then I just simply started dancing with the other girls.  I'm not sure, but the thing that probably broke the ice was my costume.  They had a batman and robin outfit, and I had the (Joker - Nurse scene outfit on).  They the guys wanted to take pictures with me, then it happened.  Then the girls and me just started dancing.  I left to go look for my friends...  I didn't find them and this random girl comes up to me and was like what would you like to drink.  It's on me, I offered to pay, but her response was, this will probably be the only drink that a girl will buy you tonight... Which was probably true...  So I took the offer, and she gave me her number... I love Canadians!  They are so friendly...  Then I went to go dance some more... I love dancing!  This is where the stupid asses come in.  I was randomly dancing, then I started to dance with this Japanese chick...  A random ass dude comes up and pushes me.  I let it slide.  Then I went to go dance with the girl again, he comes out of no where and pushes me again!  I went to go talk to the girl about it...  She told me that was one of her friends and tried to convince me to not to beat his ass... The her other friends saw and they came and talked to me, and said that he was one of those rich white boys that daddy will take care of him if anything happens.  I waited for him outside to get an explanation for the shove.  The girl didn't want anything to happen.  So she told her friend to leave and watch out for me.  Which did happen, because I didn't see him anytime after that... But I just wanted an explanation.  After that incident, it just killed my night... From being filled with alcohol to being filled with adrenalin!  It basically took my mood away to dance...  I didn't mind confronting him about the pushes(these were not lite shoves, these were shoves causing me to take a few steps back so I wouldn't fall)...  That's what got me so angry.  I wanted to confront him, but security said it wasn't a good idea since his friends calling him stupid and drunk, he would probably do something stupid...  So I decided to leave.  STUPID STUPID PEOPLE!  I swear!  People go out to have fun and stupid people like that kill the mood for everyone!

But other than those 20 minutes... Everything was fantastic!
This was one of the first nightclubs I went to in Las Vegas.  We got in at Happy Hour and had the worst tasting free drinks.  I couldn't finish my one drink because it tasted so horrible.  After HH was over, the regular drinks tasted fine.  At first the place started out empty but slowly got packed as the night went on.

It wasn't a big club but the decor and theme were cool.  It had an Indian/Mediterranean theme that carried into the bathrooms.  The girls of course liked the fact that it had a dance stage and small strip.
The music was rockin and played a good variety from Rock n Roll, 80's, Hip Hop and Rap.  It was a bit difficult getting drinks all night since there's only one bar.  Since this place was small, the smoke can get to you if your sensitive to it.  Yes smoking is allowed in all LV nightclubs.  Keep that in mind for the child bearing hotties.  We had one in our group and she had to leave early in the night.
Great Decor. That is about it. This place is OVERRATED! I went with a couple of friends who knew someone there. We had free drinks, and a free tasting meal which consisted of two salads, chicken and beef dishes, and calamari. I wasn't overly impressed with anything, but it was a free meal, so I can't complain too much. I will say I would not return here as a paying customer. The server started off very attentive as my friends friend checked in with him an let him know we were his guests. After the guy left that my friend knew, the service went downhill. We were there at 10p.m. and it had just started to pick up so we figured he just got a little busy. We were eating for free, and have all worked in the industry, so we left him a $150 tip (our meal would have probably only been about $100 so we were still leaving him 50% on the original bill which was fully comped) and he walked over picked up the tip and said "Are you done yet" we all kind of looked at each other wondering if he was serious, and said we were finishing up our last drinks. He disappeared without even thanking us for the tip or saying have a good night, which seemed rude seeing as he was so quick to snatch the cash off the table. We then to the club which was full of people over 40 and a little too small for me to feel comfortable in. The decor is amazing, and being a designer I appreciated getting to see it, but you can find plenty of places that have amazing decor in Vegas with better food, better service, and better nightlife.
This is a nice little intimate restaurant and I really enjoyed my visit here. My friends and I came here and we had way more to eat than we could handle! For appetizers we got the calamari, garlic bread dip, and caesar salad. The calamari was so yummy, lighted battered and fried, not overly greasy and soggy. Both the garlic bread and calamari came with a marinara dipping sauce which was a nice compliment to the dish. Then we ordered the crusted baked salmon, thin crust pizza, chicken marsala, and zucchini strings. The crusted baked salmon and zucchini strings were probably my favorite dishes out of everything. The salmon had a nice crunchy baked crust on the outside and was tender and juicy on the inside. Not too bland either, salmon tends to be if you don't prepare it right. I tend to like fried stuff so maybe that's why I was drawn to the zucchini strings. Little bits of zucchini lighted fried, I do wish they had a dipping sauce for it, but it was like eating little veggie fries. The chicken marsala was a bit heavier to eat. It had a lot of sauce and cheese, but the chicken wasn't too dry. The thin crust pizza was a nice addition to our meal. Just a simple cheese, marinara, and basil pizza on a nice warm crust, yum! This restaurant fits in with the Italian feel of the Palazzo. You wouldn't think it was an Italian restaurant when you first walk in with the lighted candles and fancy modern décor, you'd probably expect the checked red and white table clothes instead. Our table was right by the window so we got a great view of fireworks from the TI show across the street.

The club is also worth mentioning. The downstairs restaurant becomes a lounge at night and upstairs is a full club. The first time we were there on a Saturday night it was way too packed so it was hard to move around and dance without being bumped into. The second time we came on a Sunday night it was a better crowd. They aren't as pushy and rude like they are at Tao, probably because Tao has a younger crowd. They play good music, all of the latest and greatest and more hip hop R&B kind of stuff, I hate it when they play too many techno or trance songs! How do you dance to those? The décor of the club is very similar to Tao in the Venetian, very dim and lots of dancers.
For me Sundays are the hardest nights to decide where to go after 2 days of debauchery.  It's a dilemma really, you want to party hard cause its the last night in Sin City, but you also want to keep it low key due to the check out at 11a the next day and trip back home.  Upon recommendation from a promoter friend of my mine, we decided to go to Lavo. So we visited the Club just this past Sunday as a sort of final hurrah after a crazy weekend.  So here's a what I took from my visit:

1) Alcohol and Stairs don't mix.  Whoever decided to put sooo many stairs between the entrance to the upper level club wasn't thinking of what kind of issues drunk people would have going down those few flights of steps.  I wasn't even drunk and I slipped and fell down a flight of steps(I could only imagine how funny my tumble musta looked) what more with someone drunk off their ass. 

2) The club is really small, I know its Restaurant first, then club second, but this place was really tiny.

3) DJ Vice was killin it Sun Night. Probably had the best music playlist out of all the clubs we went to over the weekend.

4) The girls got free open bar wrist bands 'til midnight.  Coupled with the complementary drink coupons I got for us guys, we pretty much drank for free all night.

Overall I found Lavo to be a great club to head to for either a night where everyone isn't trying to party to hard, or a spot to head to after a partying somewhere else.  I finally found my Sunday destination next time I'm in Vegas
I must say that I did not have high expectations for LAVO especially since i'm not a big fan of it's sister club Tao. If they even are sisters, since they're in different hotels, and have a completely different ambiance. 

Even with all that being the case LAVO has quick bar service, that isn't more than anywhere else. The music is a good blend with nothing to retro and nothing to ecletic.
came with a group of 4 and spent a little over $300 for 2 entrees, 2 sides, 2 appetizers and 2 rounds of drinks.  

the service was great, and the waiter was attentive.  the girls in the group were not satisfied with their drinks so the waiter was happy to recommend another.  another waiter came around while we were eating and gave us stamps to get into the club upstairs for free for eating there.  

we went to the club upstairs after dinner right when they were openning up and there was a long line waiting outside of lavo before the club opened.  the club part of lavo is fairly small so we moved back downstairs to the lounge to chill instead. 

i had a good time at the restaurant and club but probably wouldnt go out of my way to go again the next time im in vegas
First time:

Got in free because we were guests at Palazzo. The club could be a bit bigger but then if it was bigger, I would probably just say it could be even bigger. Haha. Good music, had fun.


Second time:

I like the free drinks we got from the free wristbands. Our friend pulled some strings and got us all in for free (except one guy, he had to pay, poor guy) and the girls got wristbands. It gets super crowded but the place is nice. The crowd is younger and can sometimes be sort of rude. Dunno, maybe they're just drunkards.
LAVO is hip of course--it's Las Vegas. More attempts at something fusion to distinguish itself from the other Las Vegas near indistinguishable -- a restaurant and nightclub. How original.

Not crazy overpriced for the attempt at service and cuisine.

Garlic bread and marinara garnished the table.  The garlic bread a dripping oily mess. The marinara, well, marinara dipping sauce.

I ordered the lobster, asparagus risotto.  Lightly battered asparagus, (asked for no pine nuts) and tons of lobster! Searing hot, when served, I was not disappointed.  The broccoli, bitter, but still crisp.

The sides, all hearty (but hardly heart healthy) portions.  Tasty in their own right, but nothing prepared nor flavored or garnished in any any way that would set it apart from even a middle of the road local family restaurant.

More stylized-Vegas-fusion.  I left after dinner and did not visit the nightclub. I would not be upset if I were invited to dine there again. Less than a 50% chance that I would I would invite my own guests to dine with me at LAVO.
REVIEW IS FOR THE NIGHTCLUB ONLY 

For Vegas this place is out of place. I almost felt like I was in a bar in San Jose and not in Vegas. Almost as small as the Temple on First street (a little exaggeration there). One bar and a mini stand right outside the restrooms. If you like rubbing skins and touching people's sweat on the dance floor this is the place for you to do just that. I think my suite back at the hotel was bigger and enjoyable than LAVO.
This review is for the nightclub .

A small club, by Vegas standards. And it's definitely a good thing... Lavo has the theme of an Italian bath house. Went here on a busy Las Vegas Friday night when DJ SKRATCHY was spinning. He kept the crowd live and moving until past 330am. Played club classics as well as the requisite Top 40 hits and mash-ups. Most def, great times... So as long as he's providing the soundtrack, I'll continue to support the place.

I've also hung out downstairs at the Lavo lounge. Liked it a lot as well. It has a wrap around patio facing the Las Vegas strip and directly across the TI hotel & Casino. Much more mellow and more room to circulate than the club, of course. They have a DJ playin music. And also hookah pipes available at the tables outside.

More DJ Skratchy please.
It was 'aight, except for the fact that my nipples could have cut diamonds. Yes, it was THAT cold. At least in the little VIP nook we were sitting at. I saw the pics from that night and I was like "what the!" Why didn't someone offer up their sweater or scarf...SOMETHING! I'm surprised they didn't bust out of my top the way the Hulk busts through his purple pants. Jeez...

Hmm.what else to tell you? I had a slip & fall incident because some jerk off spilled their drink on the already slippery floor. ATE IT. Fell straight on my ass, and not from being shit faced either. I was totally sober. But I'm a good sport, I didn't sue. Although I could have used some settlement cash...hahaha

The dance floor: OMG, too damn crowded and full of a lot of gross drunk horny desperate dudes. Yuck, save me! There was this one dude, shirt unbuttoned and all..just GAWKING at that poor go-go dancing girl. He probably thought he was so cool, with his boy chest hanging out and all. I could tell she wanted to kick his face in.

Oh, and the girls at the chaise above the bar who are all gyrating and grinding all up on each other was amusing at first, until I noticed they kept doing the same damn move like 100 times over. Les-bi-honest....that can get pretty monotonous, even for the horniest of horny dudes.
The restaurant was fabulous. 

After a week of disappointing meals at Delmonico, Prime and Top of the World this place was a breath of fresh air. The service was fabulous. We were walk-ins at about 6pm with a toddler and they were more than accommodating. 

Many of the dishes including the Caesar salad and desserts are family size which we were unaware of so we had plenty of food! 

The pomegranate lemonade was an excellent cocktail as was the Ill Bello! 

The Caesar salad was the best I have ever had in my life! It had a good amount garlic (maybe to strong for someone who doesn't like a good kick in the pants!) It was so good everyone at our table agreed that we could just keep eating that and cancel the rest of our orders. 

The 4-cheese pizza I got for my daughter was fabulous, as was the Salmon that I shared with my Sister-in-law. 

Dessert was to die for!!  There was an Apple pie with cinnamon ice cream that was fantastic and the chocolate cake was divine!

We can't wait to go back for more!
Some things I greatly dislike: 2.5 hour lines, "VIP" lists, and douchey bouncers. Some things that LAVO nightclub offered: 2.5 hour lines, "VIP" lists, and very douchey bouncers. The start of a fantastic Sunday night.

Aside from waiting in line for so long (a girl just behind us literally passed out whilst waiting in line, causing the bouncers to freak out due to their lack of any healthcare or general well-being knowledge whatsoever, so awkward...), the place still wasn't all that impressive and certainly not worth the 2.5 hour wait. The girls and I got in on some promoter's free Belvedere bottle service, so I asked for a glass on the rocks. This was another huge mistake on my part, due to the fact that it tasted like rubbing alcohol and certainly was NOT Belvedere in any way, shape, or form. The music wasn't awful, but the DJ needs a little work on blending tempos and also needs to open up the music library so as to not loop the music every 75 minutes. The atmosphere was interesting to me, but this may have been due to my unfamiliarity with clubs in Vegas.

My advice: bring a large group of women, tell the douchey bouncers right away that you are there, and enjoy skipping the line altogether. If you are a male, find one of these groups of women and latch on hard.
Did not see any single person walking around passing out passes to go to Lavo. Walked in to grab the free admission pass during lunch time, called in the afternoon to be put on the guestlist without any promoter's name, and showed up at night and got in less than 3 minute wait thru guestlist line.

There is 1 particular free adimssion Pass that also gives you a free drink ticket. You have to look for it though..because there's like 4 different version of free admission passes and there's only ONE that gives u a free drink. Lavo was very generous with their comp drink rule - there was none! You could have anything they had on hand. Most other places have that stupid rule that only well drinks apply to comp drinks =P So take advantage of it with your pass...

The club itself was a lot smaller than I thought, but I still liked the feel. Pretty chill, nice bar, the nicest bartenders - (yes...much friendlier than the ones at Blush in the Wynn who were snobs and even nicer than XS bartenders) who won't hesitate to help you out with drink options.

The dance floor IS quite small..but it works.

And finally, they have the most awesome bathroom ever..I absolutely LOVED it..it reminded me of some enchanted castle restroom or something, with their lion-head sinks..haha

All in all, XS is better..but Lavo is a great alternative to the others (better than Pure, the Bank, etc)
Lavo was definitely a cool place to go at midnight.

My pharmacy friends and I wanted to really dance the night away, so after receiving free VIP passes earlier on in the day for Lavo, we decided on it. Looking into the restaurant, the decor was great, so we went to the club inside. Being girls, we of course, did not even have to stand in line, and was escorted straight in with free cover and free drinks. How great is that! The sinks along the stairway are really cool as well, as they actually have running water along them. 

The music was GREAT. Not a bad song at all, the whole night. My only gripe was the SIZE of the place. The dance floor was really small... being small asian girls, we got pushed around until we made our way onto the stage.. where we found our other pharm people. The crowd itself was a little strange as well.. I couldn't really determine the make-up: it was a mix of mid twenties with mid thirties mixed into it. As Vegas is a place of vacation-ing, everyone we met was there for some conference or on business. 

I don't think I would ever go here to meet people, but if you're looking for a place to dance the night away with some friends, this place is definitely a fun place to go!
So I have been to LAVO twice and it is both the best and worst Vegas nightclub I have been to. The first time I went, back in August for a friend's birthday, was awesome. My friends and I were full of liquid courage and willing to dance ourselves stupid. The second time, however, last Sunday to be precise, I had a miserable time. I went there for another friend's birthday and it was so crowded you could barely move let alone dance. That wouldn't have been so bad other than the fact that my friend was belligerent and had to be prevented from inadvertently throwing bows into people's faces. This too would have been fine if it wasn't for somebody lobbing their drink glass on to the dance floor and hitting me square in the back of the head. Luckily I didn't have anything more than a bump and headache to show for it. Suffice it to say my night was put off a bit by that incident. 

Anyways, LAVO is a pretty cool club; it has some interesting decorations such as the mini sinks/ fountains in the hallway between the restaurant and the dance floor (into which my friends and I have seen some drunk fellas relieving themselves). The line to get in (for those of us non VIPs) goes pretty quickly and it doesn't seem particularly difficult to get in anyways. Also, for those of you whom the downstairs men's room confuses, the way to turn on the sink is to use the foot pedal located at its base. Oh, and if it's your birthday the bartenders are happy to make you the most potent Adios Motha F**** you have ever experienced.
I went to the Lavo nightclub.
The interior was pretty nice, and there is a coat check. It is $5 to leave a coat while you're in the club.
I was on the guest list, so my friend and I got in free. We also received a coupon for free cocktails. The dance floor is VERY SMALL. I thought most of the night clubs in ATL would have lager dance floors than Lavo. I didn't see any go go dancers though.
Anyways, went there on Christmas day, and the dance floor was packed! Music was good and I enjoyed dancing pretty much. Bouncers were not nice, but they were not rude, either.
I will not come to this club again, unless I stay in Palazzo Hotel. Hey! I've only been to Tao and Lavo.
this was my second nightclub in vegas.  my first was XS.. sooooo this place wasn't that great after going to XS first. probably shoulda done it the other way around.

well overall, this place was.. okay. don't know how much cover is because my friend and i got on the guestlist through a friend so it was free for us :)

bouncers weren't nice but not rude or anything either. just emotionless. and didn't say anything. o_o but ANYWAAYS. it's super dark inside. wish it was a bit more lit. couldn't see anything for a couple seconds. downstairs is the lounge area with a bar. and you go upstairs for the dance floor. drinks weren't that bad, we got a big glass of tokyo tea for $12

dance floor is small. get's crowded very easily. there's kind of like a dance floor at the back of the room where you go up like 2 steps. it's where the reserved seats are located also, and that area was okay. not as crowded so a lot of space to dance and move around and BREATHE. 

there were seats along the walls in certain places where you can sit and finish your drink or just chill which was nice because you don't want to bring your drink to the dance floor. you'll loose half of it by spilling it around on other people. 

bathrooms were SUUPER dark too. can't fix your make up because you can barely see your face -_-

it's really not a bad place. it's still a lot nicer than clubs anywhere else. but small and too dark for me.
I can not wait to come back and dine at The Lavo!  Please try their meatballs. The marinera sauce tastes like its flown directly from Italy with the purest of tomates and fresh italian herbs. I have never tasted a marinera sauce like this! I  made sure there was no sauce left on my plate.
This restaurant prices to the portion, taste,and elegance  of the dishes. The atmoshpere is beautiful and compliments the great service.The freindly staff is  not smothering  or rude. The utensils are super clean, no  dried water drops. Some may say that The Lavo may be too pricey, but it is worth every penny. I cannot wait to come back!
Oh and, this is a total celeb hang  out too.
I went out on a Sunday night to LAVO and it is a beautiful venue, it was a perfect place for my friend and I to start our Vegas trip. The music was great and the crowd was just right. No hassle at the door plenty of seating. All was going well until my friends purse was stolen.... needless to say that the staff at LAVO was extremely attentive to our needs and searched for the missing items right next to us without any sort of attitude or annoyance. They also helped us out the next night to have a good time. 

If you are looking for a venue where you can have a drink, dance and not get bumped into every 5 seconds I would recommend this place. 
**We did go on a Sunday night so I don't know what the vibe is like on a Friday or Saturday.
Lavo, the night club, didn't really rock my world. It was crowded and stuffy but the bartenders that served our table was really attentive and sweet. Initially, they didn't serve Tokyo tea, but she made it happen. Yayy her. Anyhoo it was packed like sardines and everyone was sweating. Hmm maybe Tao wouldve been better.
I actually enjoyed this place. I was super surprised that there was actually seating for people after a certain point. Albeit we could barely make it to the dance floor as it was crowded and super sweatyyy, my girls made our own little parlay by the bar. I KNOW WE'RE SUPER SMART! :)

So when we needed a little more alcohol in our system...BAM! There's the bar. Sadly I remembered that there was only ONE bar in that whole area, but whatever, we had fun.
i like this place.  it was enjoyable.  except when they played "get bucc in here" 3 times within a 2 hour time span.
Lavo restaurant was nice.. waitress was nice... but the bouncer was mean just trying to get into the club... he couldn't tell that it was my driver license!!! and so I got the run around for trying to get in and that pissed me off... they were telling me this guy was trained in telling if its a fake or I'm borrowing someones I.D... well guess what buddy... the black guy who was dark skinned and had a little bit of a jerrycurl... YOU ARE WRONG... YOU NEED TO GO BACK AND GET TRAINED AGAIN... they need to be nicer... you are lucky I didn't cause a scene...
Getting on the guest list entails: still having to wait in line (granted it is a guest list line), free cover for ladies, and half price cover for the gents. A good plus for this joint is on Saturdays for about an hour (11pm-12am) there is an open vodka bar for the ladies. Holla! Let's be real though, they're not gonna be pouring Goose or Belvadere.  It's vodka from a bottle where the label is stickered on.  But hey after your fourth or fifth one...who can tell the difference..right? Haha. Music is good...but the dance floor gets PACKED!
I was soooooooooooooo drunk by the time I rolled in here. The crowd is super ghetto and the drinks taste so crappy and are way too expensive. Plus the cover is ridiculous - $20??

BUT they did hold my coat for me and I danced my skirt off. It gets crowded and like I said, the crowd can be iffy but it is great if you are with a group and just want to drink bad drinks and dance and be silly.
I'm giving it 4 stars for the great music. I had so much fun here. Came last June for my bff's bachelorette. We lost our VIP table because we brought a guy...but I guess I can't blame them for that. It was REALLY crowded. Could hardly dance. People were bumping into my left and right. I'm really generous with my stars. I guess because by the end of the night I HAD FUN and the music was great.
We went to Lavo only to eat and had a wonderful night.  Our waiter Kyle was wonderful.  We went to this restaurant with the idea we would just have pizza.  Kyle changed all of that.  We started w/a Caprese salad.  The tomatoes were not ripe and 2 of the tomatoes had the "core" in it.  Kind of a bummer for $18.00, but the overall taste of the salad was great.  I had the most expensive spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had.  It was really really good but I don't feel it was worth $32.00!  The pizza's we ordered were great!  Our waiter suggested the meatball pizza (which is what the chef's make for the staff) and it was good but the "white" cheese pizza was absolutely incredible.  All of the staff was great that served us.  They were on their game.   We ate about 6:00 so it wasn't loud at all.
While I didn't have dinner here, I went clubbing to Lavo and had a blast. Located at the Palazzo on the Las Vegas strip, Lavo is one of the newer hotspots in town. As you walk in, you cross over the main restaurant via an overhead walkway. On both sides of this walkway, small marble fountains illuminate your path. As you enter the club, at the base of the stairs, two hot dancers are feeling each other up seductively in a bath tub. Drinks are strong and the music is fantastic. 

Only reason for the 4 stars - too crowded. There wasbhardly room to stand let alone buy drinks, walk to the dance floor and dance. Someone spilled their drink on my shirt. This was on a Saturday night, but the next one we went to, Tryst was not as crowded.
***Nightclub***
To sum it up in a sentence "The 5hit is wack"... 

So after a late dinner at First Food & Bar at Pallazo we were able to take a stroll over to Lazo to cap the night off since this seems to be one of the new spots on the strip that everybody says is oh so must go! Usually that spells disaster, as you get the clueless crowd that just wants to be seen in the newest club (even though it sucks), so they can go back to work the next day and tell the girls "Giiiiirl, i was so f' in it up over at Lavo last night".. i guess. 
Upon entry i felt like i was going thru a maze before we finally got to what they called "da club", this place is SMALL. The great room in my home is bigger than this place, not to mention decorated better as well. I could tell from the moment i walked in that this place was going to be wall to wall in about 30 minutes and its going to be a mess. Unless your bottle service is comped do not waste the money, the tables are damn near on the dance floor, crowded and way too over ran with bopper kids. I have never seen a decent club with VIP table service and no security, it truly becomes a mess after it gets packed and then you have people crowding your table, trying to drink from your expensive bottle of vodka and the ability to not even really dance. We left early for Vegas time lines at 1am and said yeah never again. 
I prefer that if your paying $12-$15 a drink and upward of $300 for a bottle serv'ed table that it has somewhat of an atmosphere, and gives a little more to offer than what Lavo has to offer which really was nothing special at all. Save the time and effort and go somewhere else.
On Friday night, we checked out the LAVO lounge and then later in the night made our way up to the nightclub. Upon arriving around 12:30ish at the lounge, all the tables that would accomodate our group of four were taken so we snagged two chairs and a small side table which we made work. The bar was crowded, but being a girl and a bit assertive, I got service at the bar very quickly. I am always impressed at bars that are busy when the bartender remembers my name and what I am drinking, which is what occured on Friday night at LAVO's lounge. You can hear the music from the nightclub upstairs which is really nice - plus the music all night was exactly what you want to hear.

After our friends headed back to our hotel, my husband and I decided on a whim to check out LAVO's nightclub. We had already started to walk elsewhere in the Palazzo, but turned the corner and went to the nightclub entrance. At 1:45ish at night, there was no line and no cover for my husband. When you enter the nightclub you walk up the stairs and down a hallway lined with marble (or maybe they were ceramic - I didn't inspect them closely) fountains on either side. The dance floor is to the right once you are in the main part of the club. The dance floor is moderate size, and despite arriving at 1:45 at night, we were able to find a good area to dance in. The dance floor had a lot of people on it, but it wasn't shoulder to shoulder making it impossible to dance. We didn't get any drinks, but danced for about an hour to the good mix of hip-hop and rap the DJ had going.

I enjoyed the lounge at LAVO more than the nightclub - you got the music from the club without the crowd and you had the ability to carry on a conversation with the people you were with. Plus the lounge didn't have any creepy guys which clubs always seem to attract! I will definitely go back to LAVO on a future trip to Vegas.
I couldnt hold out any longer and finally came out to a nightclub for the 1st time since being a new Las Vegas resident. I had heard about Lavo before (I always thought it was a pool... kinda like Wet Republic) but never went. Also, the thing about Vegas is, if youre a dude and you wanna go out to these popular nightspots with your boys (and plan to get in in a decent amount of time) you either gotta 1. spend $$$ like theres no tommorro 2. get lucky (walk in with some girls you just met, come up with some bs story about how you know someone there, etc) 3. come in late (past 130 or so) 4. or have a hookup.... Fortunately we had a hookup so off we went.

The downstairs (restaurant) part of lavo is nice. They were giving us appetizers and drinks (on the house) all night, so no complaints there. A sizeable group of saints fan (congratulations!) were at the bar partying up. At about 11:30 we walked out and walked right past the line to the club (thats were the hookup comes in handy). Lavo reminds me alot of The Bank Nightclub at the Venetian. SMALL. We had bottle service, but there was no rope to keep away the straglers, so everyone was just mixed in (just like at The Bank nightclub). I thought the whole point of bottle service was to have your own space? The DJ was beyond terrible. I kid you not he did not play one song that was made after 2004 until right before I left. Just all Lil' Jon songs. Im not a DJ, never have been, and probably never will be, but I could have came up with a better list. The chick who won the first season of "For The Love of Ray J" (I think her name was cocktail?) is a gogo dancer there. I mean I had fun I guess, but there are definitely better places.
RESTAURANT:
I went to Lavo on a Saturday night with my sister for dinner. We made reservations the day before and was surprised the restaurant wasn't completely booked yet. We shared  the caesar salad and the four cheese ravioli. I had read on yelp that the caesar salad was great so we decided to try it. The caesar salad was the business! It was huuuge and delicious. I think it was the best salad I've ever had.  The pasta was okay, I think we should have got the spaghetti insead. For dessert we got gelato - vanilla and caramel, which was amazing. Our server could have been more personable and friendly, not so matter-of-fact but he did his job and we were happy with our meal. The restaurant is very beautiful and has a sopshicated, sexy vibe yet laid back. I will definetly come back on my next trip to Las Vegas.

CLUB:
My sister and I decided to check out Lavo after we went to Tao on a Thursday night. We weren't hotel guests, weren't on the guest list nor are we locals but we got in for free with no fuss which was nice. The club is upstairs and very small/intimate. It was pretty packed.  The go-go dancers looked bored and had no rhythm. I was surprised the the DJ was playing latin music, since I thought the club played top 40/pop/hip hop like most other clubs, but maybe it was latin music night? Not sure if I would go back to the club, unless the music was better. I think this place is probably hit or miss.
Lavo is my new favorite! Loved the food, service, atmosphere! Totally recommend it!
I have gone here about once a month for the past four or five months. Ive never seen much of a line outside. Never waitied more than two minutes to get in. I usually go around 11:30PM. This past week, I decided to eat dinner there for the first time. I made reservations for 9pm yet I was not seated until 9:20. I had one of their meatballs which was good but not heaven like some of these other reviwers claim. I also had the 8 oz filet mignon. It was overcooked. Ambiance and feel of the place was good. Tables were a little large. Employees friendly. Bathrooms clean. 3.5/5 for the restaurant. If you eat here or if you are local as I am admission will be free to the nightclub. Also, if you are a lady you will get free vodka drinks from 11PM to midnight.  I usually have a great time at the nightclub. It's one of the smallest ones I have been too but Ive also met some really cool people in here and that's what going to the clubs is all about for me. 4/5 for the nightclub. I'll be going again so maybe I will see you there!
We checked out Lavo last Thursday night and I was pleased with our food, but incredibly disappointed with the service, which is why the rating is 2 stars. 

After being seated and taking our drink orders, we were quickly deserted by our waiter. We sat for several minutes before a woman came over to tell us about the specials and then she disappeared. Our waiter eventually came back and took our orders, but we were able to order our appetizers and entrees because we'd been sitting for so long. 

I ordered the lavolini - prosecco, passion fruit, St. Germain - this was an excellent drink and was very refreshing. 

Our group started out with orders of the crispy fried calamari, spedini ala romano and the kobe beef rice ball. We also ordered the salad special, which was a delicious mix of arugula, heirloom tomatoes and a soft Italian cheese (maybe stracchino, but I can't remember and it isn't on the menu).  The table was pleased with our starters. The spedini was delicious and salty, so be warned if you aren't a fan of salt. The calamari was delicate, and for a non-calamari fan, I thought it was good.

I ordered the spaghetti with fresh tomato and basil. The fresh tomato and basil had me sold as we'd been eating out all week. The spaghetti noodles had a nice bite to them and the fresh tomato and basil sauce was excellent. I ate quite a bit on my plate and still had enough to pack up and take back. I definitely could have split this portion with another person and still could have had plenty leftover. 

Our waiter returned and took plates to pack for leftovers, but forgot about two orders our table wanted packed up to go and threw them out. He did take them off the bill, but those two guests were very disappointed that they didn't get to take their food home. 

If we'd had a different waiter, this rating would definitely be higher. Not only was he slow, he had the attitude that he was something special and we should be honored to have him serve us. He also didn't take time to observe the table to see who was in charge at the table, and instead of going to that person, he automatically went to the lone man at the table.

So, go for the food and atmosphere, but hope you don't get the same server we had.
I'm not sure how this place is usually, but when I went, it was AMAZING.  The nightclub is a bit smaller but gets a good amount of crowded (not so much that you can't move but not so little that it's not fun).

We got passes from some promoter to get in free with free drinks until midnight (yes, being a group of girls in Vegas has its perks).  Then, later in the night, Lil' Jon was there to party with his entourage!!  Yes, I was starstruck.  Especially since the club is somewhat smaller and so it seems like you are partying with them.  I took a picture with him and one of his entourage members gave me a glass of free champagne!  AWESOME.  He also "made it rain" a couple times and I took a dollar that fell on the floor to keep as a memory hahha.

Supposedly Nick Carter was there celebrating his birthday too, but I didn't see him :(  Most people would not be upset by this, but considering I was in love with him most of high school, I can't believe I didn't see him and I can't believe my friend didn't tell me when she talked to him!!  All in all, a great time that will always be remembered.
so I came here on a Tuesday night, with 4 other girls. I guess one of the girls knew a guy who worked there because 1st we went into the lounge where we had bottle service then after mayev 30 mins he took us upstairs to the nightclub. It was packed inside. Another guy who worked at the club got me a drink and then took me and my friend to the stage. we dance up there for awhile and then left. The club was okay, maybe wouldve been more fun if I was drunk.
A dark lil hideaway for whatever you don't want people seeing you doing in Vegas.
Everytime we go Vegas, Lavo is our Tuesday night spot.
We love our host Henry Wang - 100% VIP SERVICE!

Beautiful venue.  One of my favorites.

Bottle service was very pleasant.  We had to leave Blush after 4 bottles and horrible service to complete our night at Lavo.  Should've started and ended night here.
The club sucks... tiny dance floor and expensive drinks... get your party on for free downstairs. The music is better and there is a lot of room to sit and chill with friends  =)
This place is consistently fantastic. The drinks are strong and the DJ, even in the lounge area, is on point.
If you want to be completely ignored at a restuarant - this is the place for you!  Our 8 o'clock reservation was finally seated at 8:45 - which would have been understandable except for the 8 open tables when we reached the dining area.  Our waiter was briefly apologetic and attentive - while searching the room continually for a more important matter evidently.  The sad thing about the restaurant -is the food is a 4 or 4 1/2 - the kobe meatballs were fabulous - the miso seabass was amazing and the drinks were well concocted.  However - it took 2 full hours between our appetizers and entrees and my dinners guests starting making jokes about being held hostage mid dinner.  In my entire career of entertaining clients (18+ years) I've never been so horrified.  We had already spoken to management 2 times.. they were so busy being beautiful - the could have cared less.  We started making jokes of it - and did our best - but everyone was tired and cranky when we left - not my idea of a successful business dinner on any account... I would never recommend this restaurant - ever - to anyone.
I felt this place was a bit lackluster considering it's by the same people who run TAO.  

It's dark and gorgeous inside, but very small with no room to dance.  Music was fun hip hop.  

My gf's and I kept getting elbowed while trying to make our way around.  Only reason we came here was to pre-party since it was an open bar until midnight.  With so many other clubs to choose from, I wouldn't come back unless I was looking for a more mellow and less "in your face" Vegas vibe.
I went to Lavo on my 21st birthday. My friends and i were staying at the Palazzo hotel, so we got into Lavo for free. I'm glad that we didnt have to spend a dime to get in. Don't get me wrong, this place was beautiful, but the music suckedddd and was really bored here. Drinks were expensive but thats Vegas for you. This place gets three stars only because it was pretty, i got in for free, and the bartender was pretty nice.
The lounge area downstairs had a chill vibe, liked the couches and chairs...especially the ones that looked right at the entrance to the nightclub...got to see everyone parade around and get manhandled by the bouncers before they went up!  Too much fun.

Oh, and one of the bartenders, Erin, maybe the hottest, yet down-to-earth girl I've ever met.  It's like getting drinks from a hotter Kristin Kreuk.  She makes a mean martini as well.
LAVO is a 3 in 1 establishment.  1. Italian Restaurant-downstairs  2.  Lounge/Bar-downstairs  3.  Night club upstairs
Beautiful environment! Very pleasurable surroundings, not to mention it's located inside The Palazzo, which is gorgeous.
The club has perfect access from the parking structure garages, very close (which is always helpful when you wear "cute, un-walkable" shoes) lol .  The club music was ok, but overall, I will definitely go back! Lots of fun.  We had bottle service and the table was nestled privately in a small hallway, next to an elevator exit, it was quite intimate, but not ideal seating for more than 4 people.
Make sure you get ahold of a VIP host to get you in and taken care of.  Tipping & being polite is always the secret to BETTER FASTER service
When I think of LAVO, I think more of a classy lounge rather than a hot and poppin' club-- with that said, I am by no means trying to say that LAVO is not hot and poppin'. It is run by the same people who runs TAO but I feel like the crowd is significantly different. The good thing about LAVO is  that you have the same nice decor inside with great music minus the TAO crowd! It is definitely refreshing to go in a club in Vegas and have room to dance and move! The last time we went, we seriously got hooked-- our own table and a comp bottle of vodka. What more can we ask for?
***CLUB ONLY - review***

Tight would be the best word to describe this place.  VIP is literally on top of the main bar.  I was surprised that the dance floor was so large, compared to the rest of the club.  I spent most of the night on the dance floor due to the lack of seating in VIP.

Thankfully, the DJ was playing some very passable selections.  Nothing of note, but decent enough to keep the dance floor packed and my robot in motion.  There were tons of cougars on the prowl on Friday night.  Apparently, a cougar convention had just finished up earlier that day at the Hilton and they all migrated to Lavo for appetite satiation.  

Was I someone's prey?  I was locked-in on, but I was elusive enough to escape their grasps.  I slid my way to a walkway that overlooked the dance floor and kept my eyes peeled for predators.

I don't think I'd visit Lavo again.  It's got nothing to do with the cougars and everything to do with the size.  It's just too small.  Besides, I still have a major crush on Tao.

What was that...
this review is gonna be all over the place cuz there's a restaurant, a club, and a lounge. the best thing about this place is the restaurant! too bad i was not more hungry so i could finish that fuckn meatball. that damn thing was the size of my head! i shared it with lobster bisque and veggie sides. everything was sooo good! some of the best i've had in vegas. all very rich tho (butter! cream! olive oil!) so very filling. it's best to wear a bubble dress :P just get wine with the food, there's no alcohol in their cocktails. shit is like kool-aid. they even come in a kool-aid pitcher if u want a pitcher. the service was awesome. we had like 10 waiters come up to us. apparently they all were clamoring to get us plates and water. we pretty much got asked twice for everything...ha ha. they were all good looking and fun so it was cool ;)

club is 2 stars. it looked too crowded on the main floor and the music was just regular cheesy dance music. u know, like miley cyrus. 

we were gonna bounce but the first floor lounge had some bad ass hip hop. so i had to stay for just one song....and then ooooh one more! and then i ended up just staying period. only a handful of people were dancing here & thre but i dint give a fuck! music made me wanna *move*. wish people were groovin to it too tho...
Checked this spot out cause we got free passes for staying at the Palazzo, it is loud, dark and crowded. I met this cute chick who was a masseuse in Vegas, she gave me her card with her e-mail address on it Tanyahandsonya@whatever.com lol fun time just a bit too crowded but that's Vegas.
WOW. That's pretty much all I can say about LAVO Nightclub. I'm a Chicagoan and took a mid-December trip to Vegas with the girlfriend. Next time I gotta go with the fellas.

LAVO is everything I expected in a Las Vegas nightclub. Packed House. Huge, Lavishly decorated interior. GORGEOUS women dressed in their best outfits. GREAT mix of music (Top 40 basically, rap, pop, r&b hits). Diverse Crowd. The night (which was a Friday) I went Kid Cudi was there and took the mic to perform a couple songs, which was dope. Me and my girl got some free passes on the strip from a young lady, so be on the look out. (DISCLAIMER: If someone is trying to SELL you free passes, DO NOT buy them. You can either find someone giving them away for free on the strip or go directly to the club during the day and pick some up.)

Its hard to find a party in Chicago with that many people having so much fun. I would suggest having more than a few drinks because as my buzz wore off I became more and more annoyed at how body-to-body crowded it was. But I still had a ball there and I definitely have to go back!
y'know, they all seem to be the same after a while.

some theme (bathhouse here at lavo), pretty things dancing on elevated platforms, top 40, they all are so similar.

lavo is relatively impressive, but really, im not that much of a nightclub kinda guy. they do have some of the nicest promoters though (rob) and i did get in for free, but the danceflo was a tad too tiny for my liking.
This is a dinner review and yay! I'm a fan.

Our reservation timing was off but our hostess took us to a comfortable location of the very dark dining room.  I just have to accept that all dining rooms in las vegas are so dark that you need a flash light.  

It's a great italian eatery with somewhat affordable prices at $22-36 entrees.  

We started off with cocktails but I had a nice cava sparkling wine.  They were perfectly blended and very chic.  

I had the kobe meatballs and spaghetti and one of my friends had the chicken parm.  Note that the main entrees like chicken parm do not come with sides.

Here comes ginormous mounds of food to our table.  My kobe meatballs was so delicious and such tender meat loaded with big chunks of basil.  The spaghetti was homemade!  And the marzano tomato sauce was delicious!  The chicken parm was pounded to 1" but the length of a 9" dinner plate.  It was smothered with cheese and looked very good.

I was so disappointed I couldn't take it home since we were going out clubbing but you definitely need a doggie bag.  The meals here fill you up!  I would recommend this for dinner but reservations book up very quickly.
Fun and food with the girls is a night that I refuse to pass.

We had 12 girls total for their special dining event for ladies to receive comp dinner and drinks! Immediately, I jumped on it because there is no way I will turn down free food and a night with getting dolled up with my ladies!

We had a great time and the food was good! They brought out at least 3 types of appetizers, 2 types of salad, 4 types of entrees and 2 types of dessert!  Considering this is a comped event, we all tipped $10 each to our server. The service was fast, atmosphere was intimate and music was pleasing. 

I would definitely come back, but only for the comp dinner ;-)
The Lavo nightclub is the kind of place that you wait for hours to get into, pay too much for cover, then have to push through a crowd of sweaty guys in affliction shirts and girls that look like Snooki to get to the bar where you pay $22 for a watered down drink. Any women in your party can expect to be unwillingly groped by strangers and any men can expect the bouncers and staff to give them a hard time about letting them in. If stress and douchebaggery are what you're looking for in a nightclub, Lavo is your place.
We went to this club on March 19, 2010 (Friday night).  We called in advance to discuss bottle service options and were told there were three options available (3 bottle minimum upstairs, 2 bottle minimum at the lounge and 1 bottle minimum on the terrace).  Our VIP host (Rob G.) assured us that all three areas would be packed and there would be virtually no difference in the amount of people at each level.  We decided to go with the terrace because there was only three in our party and one more would be more than enough to drink.  We arrived at the club around 10:30 PM and were taken to our table on the terrace.  When we arrived we walked through the lounge area and noticed it was packed (we could also see a lot of people in the upstairs portion of the club).  When we were shown our table on the Terrace there was NO ONE out there.  We quickly asked if we could upgrade our table to one inside and pay for the second bottle.  We were told that wouldn't be a problem and that our VIP host would be out within five minutes to get us.  We didn't get moved inside until 1:30 AM and had to suffer through sitting on the terrace where no one else had bottle service, our hostess didn't bother to come pour our drinks and the only people who bothered to come out on the terrace were there to smoke a cigarette.  We never did see our VIP host Rob G. and only got moved inside when we complained to the club manager about the poor customer service (this was after sending Rob G. 20+ text messages and talking to two other VIP hosts (Rob C. and Jordan).  The customer service here certainly needs an upgrade.

p.s. - If I could give this place 0 stars I certainly would
The way through my heart is through my tummy and Lavo has managed to steal my heart and leave my tummy craving for more. We were looking for a nice place to dine and decided to come here. Dinner for two anyone? We began with the Baked Clam Oreganato, delishhh! Perfect amount of garlic and spices, and oh so extremely yummy. Next was the Penne Seafood Alfredo, had the biggest most succulent shrimp I've ever eaten I was glad that the sauce lacked that fishy, shrimpy taste some places tend to have. The penne itself was right on al dente so if you like your pasta a little on the softer side you should def be sure to request it.  The portions were big, so much so we ordered an appetizer, entree, and two sides and had no choice but to skip dessert. We aren't small people the bf and I, we can eat and needless to say we were both full and even had leftovers afterwards. As for the sides we had the baby asparagus, which seemed regular sized to me but hey I'm not complaining they were also good, and the wild mushrooms just added to the entire meal. Overall my taste buds were please throughout the entire meal course. I would definitely go back, matter of fact I tried to the following day. It was the bf's turn to pick and that I will review next. I also had a cocktail off their menu, I believe it was a Sicilian Sun. I wasn't too phased by the drink but only because it was more on the stronger side when I was craving fruity and refreshing. The service was excellent, our server was very attentive. I wish I could remember his name to actually give him credit, it might have been Alex? Idk. I also inquired about the club which takes place later in the evening on the upper part and lounge area of the restaurant and he gladly stamped us so that we'd be able to bypass the admission line/fee later. I was kind of sad I didn't get to try their meatball appetizer, but I will make sure to go back do so the next time around. I heart Lavo and if you decide to dine here, I'm sure you will too.
I didn't eat here. But I did drink here. 

Their bottle service is pretty good. They kept the drinks flowing and the bouncers are nice here. Not pushy at all (ahem XS). They were encouraging in fact, helping us ladies get to the stage. The 7 of us girls had a great time! 

Plus their bathrooms are clean and the ladies very nice. I got a little scolding at for using the "decoration only" sink. Woops my bad.
Long winded. Hmmmmm, Lavo was not bad. When I was in Vegas last year, our delightful cocktail waitress at Spearmint Rhino said that Lavo on Tuesday Industry night was a good scene. I sent an e-mail to the address on the website, asking to be put on the "guest list". Got an e-mail back saying that we were on the guest list, $10 for her, $20 for me. Now, honestly, I don't know how the whole VIP/guest list thing in Vegas works, the VIP guys and bouncers looked awfully busy with their clipboards. I told them we were on the guest list. They pointed us to a short line, next to an empty line, next to a line going out the door. The group in front of us (mostly dudes) was taken out of line and set aside (purgatory?). A good looking couple came up, said something to the VIP guy and was ushered in. A group of 5 attractive girls, all dressed in their tightest designer best came up thinking they were going to get right in but was placed in line behind us. We came to the front of the line, our names were on the list and in we went. No money was collected. The bar was cool, though my girlfriend's Grey Goose dirty was her least favorite of the trip. There were clearly a handful of obvious "tourist" types just checking the scene. After a few drinks, we went upstairs to the actual club, which was packed and definitely happening. We stayed and danced for a bit, then our age got to us (well, my age) and we left. She pulled out her flip flops and I put her on my arm and carried her Louboutins back to Encore, where we had a drink and cigar. I am sure that weekends are run a bit differently, but my time spent in Vegas last year, 2 guys, 2 girls (no one of any particular importance) and a few phone calls made ensured that we had a good time and got in to a few high end clubs on busy nights without waiting in ridiculous lines. Dress the part I guess and leave the sausage fest at home?
I'm done with this place.

New Years I had a table on the dance floor. The place was so packed with drunk guys. We had 2 bottles knocked off the table by drunk people. We had so much alcohol that I didn't really even care. The biggest problem was the lack of security which allowed for creepy guys to bump into and knock over the girls with me. We left at like 1:30 which is really early in vegas. That's how bad it was.

The little guy working the front needs to get a clue. He yells at his own staff in front of customers. I can't even begin to explain how bad this makes your club look. Everyone is pissed off and stressed out which trickles down to the customer. LAVO check your cameras on this guy.

Anyhow...go somewhere that actually takes care of their customers.  Lavo has too much of an ego for what it is. The girls always clear out and go somewhere else at 2am too. I'm never going back to this place.
This is a nightclub review. 
The entrance of the club is very organized, which always makes for a better experience. The guys working the door were very polite and efficient unlike other clubs in Vegas(the Bank). It was strange that to get to the night club part of Lavo, one has to walk over a "catwalk" above the restaurant.. The club itself was beautiful, but seemed really cramped after going to XS. The dance floor became unbearably crowded to me at around 1 am, and I had to leave. Overall I am not a fan of nightclubs, but I would definitely go back to Lavo.
The first thing I heard about Lavo Nightclub is that it is small, and compared to other Vegas nightclubs, it is pretty damn small!! When you first walk in, you walk over a little bridge that overlooks the bottom floor and leads you into the main dance floor. The bar area is very tight especially because most people find themselves just standing there to stay away from the overcrowded dance floor. 

The drinks were odd... gin and tonic tasted like rubber and my jack and coke needed a heck of a lot more jack! I think the reason why I didn't enjoy this place as much as I thought I would is because half the people here were terribly uptight.. kind of reminded me of LA which is a big turn off for me. This is Vegas people, be drunk and loosen up for crying out loud!

Besides that, the staff at the front door were really nice. Yea.. that's it.
Nightclub - be prepared to deal with the classy bouncers in the front!  haha its a nightclub afterall, so there is the "get in this line" "get in that line"  so come prepared, gain a connection, use the concierge to get guest listed, SOMETHING, anything! hahaha  The inside of the club is smaller than Tao.  More "intimate"   that being said, this place gets packed like a sardine can... get a table... and be prepared to drop at least $500 on that....  well worth it!

Restaurant - great menu, great desserts.... Ive always had great service here also.  The restaurant manager has even popped in for a quick how is everything... I love that touch... especially when it is sincere.
Nice little night club.  It's pretty easy to get to.  Right next to the check/checkout area and straight across the casino floor if you're coming from the hotel rooms, Lavo seems like it was designed for the tourists.

We went there around 11... the walkway to the actual club reminded me of Tao.  It was pretty empty at first.  In less than an hour though, it filled up quick!  We sat at the bar and the bartenders were pretty friendly and quick.  We never had to wait long to order.  The setup was a little frustrating.  Everything was compact so it seemed like we were always waiting in line whenever we wanted to go anywhere.

All-in-all the club was decent, but we only stayed a couple hours before going elsewhere.
Mediocre Italian style food. Definately a hit or miss but do not try the horrendous Chicken parmagiana or spaghetti with fresh tomatos and basil unless you have never tasted good Italian food before. In defense of the restaurant, my wife did love her lobster cocktail and zeppoli oreos, (my apple tatin was horrible).
Server was very helpful, telling us to only order 1 chicken parmagiana as the size was the size of a dinner plate so it was large enough to share and also advised us against ordering another dish that she said had to be bad as whenever it was ordered it was always sent back (I think it was their braised short rib risotto if I recall). As the French say in Quebec-never again!
Really really good music + strong drinks + cool atmosphere = FUN TIMES.  
Although it is a bit small, it didn't bother me since me and my group had secured spots on the dance floor and by the bar near the entrance to the club.  I'm not much of a clubber, but I was definitely shaking my tail feather throughout most of the night.
This club was small and extremely packed. Came here after PURE and was much more impressed. The club is above the restaurant and was pretty nice. The bar was super small and the drinks were gross. I ordered a Sex on the Beach and it tasted NOTHING like a Sex on the Beach. 

I must reiterate this again. The club was extremely crowded that drinks got spilled on me multiple times, I got elbowed in the head, and pushed around by couples all night. It got pretty annoying to see couples on the dance floor making out. GET A ROOM! 

By the end of the night, my feet were dead from dancing so much but like they say, beauty is pain!
Lavo our go to place for free drinks and the royal treatment!! Located in the Palazzo Hotel this nightclub is the best place to pre-game for drinks or a place to unwind from a wild night. 

Bouncers and promoters are alway chill and quick to lend a hand to groups of girls. Luckily, we had help from a few promoters to get our night cracking! Leading up to Lavo you walk a small balcony over looking the dining area. Its cool how they have open sinks on the balcony leading to Lavo. The nightclub itself is small. Nothing to grand about that the place. Its plain with nice interior design. 

If you catch yourself going early sometimes they have free drinks for ladies. An even added plus is when the promoters have free drink tickets and then forsure the drinks will be coming your way.  The bouncers themselves are very nice. They even help you up on the ''stage'' to dance. the dancefloor is small.. real small but I have found that it doesn't get to crowded like other nightclubs. 

What I most like about Lavo is that it is not to crowded. Its not overwhelming like other larger venues and it is nice that you can just chill and hangout.
The freaking Chicken Parm is to die for. Probably better than JI's grandmother's.
We got free tickets to come to this club. cute venue. Drinks are way too expensive. who the hell pays $13 for a shot?? shit we did only cause the skank said she couldn't take it back cause she already poured it. The floor was WAY too small, so small that our friend got her stuff stolen. We went to the bouncers. I know they didn't do shit to help us. I even got into an arguement with one of the bouncers cause he tried to act like i was some asian idiot that cant understand english and wanted to be a smart ass with me. Never again will i ever have anything related to the Palazzo. Not even their Lost and Found could help you. Assholes can't even give you the courtesy call back.
Loved Loved Loved the food. 

My guy took me here for my bday, and it was amazing.  It helped that we ordered everything on the menu.  Here goes the food: 

Garlic Bread - OMG amazing. it was so tasty.  The nice thing is that this was the bread served at the table.  Looks like its baked upon being seated.  It was fresh and accompanied with tomato sauce. 
Spinach Artichoke Pizza - 2 foot pizza.  It was so tasty and definitely something that can be shared at the table.  It was flaky and full of flavor.
Kobe Meatball - Okay, i don't eat meat...but i was told this was to die for.  Also, our waiter told us that this is one of their signature dishes.  
Ceasar Salad - definitely large enough to be shared at the table.  we didn't even finish it.  But it was tasty and flavorful.  croutons were well done. 
Filet Mignon - again, i dont eat meat but i was told it was cooked to perfection. 
Chilean Sea Bass - yummy, full of flavor, accompanied with tomatos. 
Polenta Fries - OMG....so good.  I'm still thinking about this today. 
Oreo filled Pastries with Ice Cream - Yummy...how can you go wrong? 

Less one star because i've been to the club...and it's small, stuffy, and I wasn't too jazzed about it.  

My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!
We went here for our bachelor + bachelorette dinner while we were in Las Vegas.  We had a group of 35 people and did the pre-fixe menu since we had a larger group and were trying to make it in time for a show at like 9pm (and we made reservations ahead of time).  The inside of the restaurant and club is very nice and was a nice setting for our dinner.

Our dinner was awesome-- we loved it!  Even with 35 people, all of our food was served together at the same time and no one was left waiting for their food while everyone else was eating.  There were three or four options for each of the three courses and everyone seemed pleased with their food.  We also had someone in our party with special allergies and dietary needs and they were more than happy to accommodate them.  The portions for the pre-fixe menu was the perfect size and we didn't feel like we didn't get enough food.  The vote from the group was that the bread pudding for dessert was the best.  

After the meal, the manager or someone from the restaurant came and spoke with our group and then offered all of us admission for later that night for no cover for the nightclub.  A smaller group of us went back to LAVO around midnight and they let us in right away without any charges.  The club is smaller than most of the clubs (ie Tao or Pure) but was still a great place for dancing and drinks.  We all enjoyed our experience with LAVO.  It was great for a large group (with reservations) and the food was so good!
This place was pretty great.  The wait was really long, so long in fact that while we were waiting the restaurant turned into a lounge/nightclub.  However, the service and food made up for it.  

Side note, I always find it hysterical when people order food, eat majority of the dish, and then send it back saying they didn't enjoy it.  If you don't like the first bite, put your fork down and send it back, otherwise the chef will probably use 'something else' for mayo.
On our "Girls NIght Out", we came to Lavo for dinner.  We weren't sure where to go for dinner, so Jeff, from VIP Red Carpet, suggested Lavo and we werent disappointed.  Its located at the Palazzo, a short walk from the Mirage.  The decor was pretty cool.  It was pretty dim inside, but I really liked their chandeliers and lighting.

Anywho, we started with 2 of the tuna tartare and 1 caesar salad, which was more than enough to split amongst us 4 girls.  The caesar was pretty good, and the croutons were HUGE!  The tuna tartare wasn't that great for me...maybe im just used to Fusion, but I was expecting some kind of chip to go with it, and I didnt really like the lemony taste it had.

Next, they brought out some amazing garlic bread that you can dip in marinara sauce...pretty yummy.  They also brought out a pitcher of Saggio (kind of like a blueberry mojito)...they suggested the pitcher because it was cheaper than ordering individually...that probably lasted 1.5-2 rounds for us.  I really liked it...it was very light and summery. Perfect for those hot summer Vegas nights!

For my entree, I went with my favorite fish, the Roasted Chilean Sea Bass accompanied by a breaded/fried portobello. Man was that good. I was a little upset that I was getting full and couldnt finish it.  It was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was great.  My friends ordered the grilled swordfish, the penne ala vodka, and the filet...no complaints from any of them.   Keep in mind that you have to order trimmings and potatoes separately for $10 each.  I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes, and another friend ordered the roasted potatoes.  Its pretty huge, so you can probably split with the table.  I actually could've done without it, it was a little dry and I didnt want to waste whatever room was left in my tummy, on potatoes.

Last, but DEFINITELY not least....DESSERT!!!  We ordered deep fried battered oreos with a side of milkshake to dip them into.  PURE HEAVEN!!! It was so good...now im starting to drool again...lol.

This is definitely a cool place to check out for dinner.  The outside patio has an awesome view of the strip.  The ambience is great, the staff was friendly and they offered a ton of great suggestions.  They also knew we were in kind of a rush, so they happily accomodated.  I would definitely go back again.
I was there because the bouncer from Tao gave me & my girls VIP tickets with complementary drinks so it's like why not, lets go check it out. The place is pretty small, & crowded, The crowd mostly 30+ we were there for less than an hour and left. I just wasn't having fun there. =(
A friend and I wandered in for Dinner on a Wednesday evening.  It was Dinner time and we had just gotten into Vegas, although we were treated as if they were super busy and about to close down.  I was still eating and they kept trying to take my plate away.  I paid ALOT of money and I am going to eat until I'm done.  We got a bottle of wine, we are going to enjoy ALL of it.  I expected better service.  We didn't have one person help us twice, which may have led to some of the confusion and we were on the main walkway.

I will say, the meal was AMAZING, best steak ever.  The haricot vert was delish, so were the mashed garlic potatoes.

They were also having some type of business meet/greet in the bar and we were kind of afraid that the place would transition to night club mid-meal.

The atmosphere and food are the only saving graces here.  Service was poor.  Bar staff was dressed for nightclub (slutty) but it was still dinner in a nice place- not cool.

We won't be back but the food was delish- I hear that they have an outside area that is nice when the weather cooperates.  Moss/tom salad LOOKED tasty too!
Bouncers are pricks here. Guys, wear a collared shirt, I don't care if it's Armani it better have a collar. They are nazis about their dress code. 

It's a nice little club, I can't rate the lounge because I only went there to dance. Crowded but not too bad, the music was better than at Tao IMO, more hits and less house. 

Ended up leaving 'cause I couldn't stand the people smoking in the club flicking their ashes on my Monolos. ;)
we went to lavo for dinner this past thursday night! we went around 8 and it was hopping, so id definitely recommend reservations- and im glad we had them! 

arrived and were promptly seated and our cups were filled with water..tables were not overly crowded, which was appreciated. the decor in lavo is really neat...it's very posh and aesthetically pleasing. especially loved the wall near the bathrooms with the candles along the wall also, for how crowded it was, it wasn't that loud and my friend and i could hear one another well, which was also nice. 

we each ordered a glass of wine (i got a rose/syrah blend...it was okay) and we got a ginormous steak to split (it was the special...this kobe beef steak that was like 20 oz. ...but was $85...yikes), polenta fries (YUM) and 2 sauces for our steak (the horseradish cream and hte gorgonzola butter...the horseradish cream was AMAZING)

overall, our food was great and the decor was really fun, but my friend and i were really annoyed w/our server. he was overbearing, stopping by our table every 5 minutes and he tried to upsell us. by his 5th stop over, we were starting to worry he was eavesdropping on our conversation! he was also incredibly misleading about our steak and how much it cost. he basically told us it was the same price as the 20oz steak on the menu...so we were a little bit ticked off when our bill arrived and it was double the price. our server sort of tainted our experience...but other than that, the food, drink and atmosphere of lavo is really very nice!
We had reservations but we wanted outside seating. They told us 15 minutes so we went to the bar. Not even 2 minutes later they could seat us. Really nice place. Kinda reminded me of Asia De Cuba's decor a little.
Meatballs were really yummy. 2 foot long pizza good to share and was tasty. Caesar Salad was really yummy. Would definitely go again! Got to see fireworks from Treasure Islands show. That was cool!
A friend and I wandered in for Dinner on a Wednesday evening.  It was Dinner time and we had just gotten into Vegas, although we were treated as if they were super busy and about to close down.  I was still eating and they kept trying to take my plate away.  I paid ALOT of money and I am going to eat until I'm done.  We got a bottle of wine, we are going to enjoy ALL of it.  I expected better service.  We didn't have one person help us twice, which may have led to some of the confusion and we were on the main walkway.

I will say, the meal was AMAZING, best steak ever.  The haricot vert was delish, so were the mashed garlic potatoes.

They were also having some type of business meet/greet in the bar and we were kind of afraid that the place would transition to night club mid-meal.

The atmosphere and food are the only saving graces here.  Service was poor.  Bar staff was dressed for nightclub (slut
Went to Lavo this past Friday, got in for free through my aunts interior design company where she works, hehe don't remember the name of her company...but any ways this place reminds me of Tao where you walk up the stairs when you get in, this place has a whole bunch of sinks lined up just in case you need to wash your hands i guess, and walk a bit more and there you see the bars and dance floor. The dance floor is pretty small and crowded....The music was okay, but whenever i think the dj would play my song, it turns into something else....Drinks are pricey here, for 3 cranberry and vodkas cost $55.00 bucks...The people here were getting on my nerves spilling drinks and shit, UGH!!!!Don't think i would wanna come back here....I've experienced better clubs out in vegas!!!
This review is for the club only. I've been there twice and loved my experience both times. The decor is beautiful. The club is a bit more intimate than TAO which can be good or bad depending on the vibe you're going for. Music was good, place was packed with the prettiest of people and I got my Veuve on all night. Jackpot! Highly recommend.
Seems to be a theme in Vegas lately. Food is great, service was terrible.

Briefly on the food: Started off with the Kobe beef meatball with ricotta. Spectacular. Had the rigatoni sausage bolognese and it was very good also. Nothing on the menu really stood out to me as very interesting, but it all looked great. And while we didn't make it to dessert, we saw some of the options at the tables near us and they looked spectacular.

Now on to the service: Had a reservation for 10, seated by 10:30, meh. Our server was friendly, so I'll give him that much. We ordered a bottle of wine which we then were informed they were out of. Ordered a different bottle. When served, our glasses were overfilled and our server didn't leave the cork, both of which are pet peeves. Whatever nbd.

Ordered the meatball and were told water and garlic bread would be right out. Water finally arrived when the meatball did but no garlic bread. I reminded our server about the bread and he told me "Oh I'm sorry, it comes fresh so it takes a while." Well, our meatball I assume is made fresh and yet it not only has arrived but has been eaten. So I doubt the problem is that the garlic bread is custom made for us. I hate lame excuses from servers, just say you're sorry and get it.

Finally our entree arrives, served by someone else. We eat for a bit and our server comes over to check on how things are. My wife reminds him AGAIN about he garlic bread. He runs off to get it, comes back a little while later, and tells us "He made sure to get it himself for us." Well, thanks so much for going out of your way like that buddy.

We finished dinner, dessert menus were dropped off. 10 minutes later he finally comes by again to check and see if we'd like dessert. Easily the longest I've ever waited to be asked if I want dessert or coffee, it seriously felt like an eternity.

Anyway, as always in Vegas, there are much better options around, and this isn't one of them.
Smaller than its sister TAO. 

We got free access here so that's a plus. This club is smaller than TAO but it is still fun. 

Good: It was free. Quaint ambiance.

Bad: This place is small so be prepared.

Final: This place gets four stars because it was freeee!
Went on Saturday night Memorial Day weekend. Line was long but we fortunately we didn't have to wait or pay to get in. Nice decor, small place and it was HOT (temperature wise). Music was good they just need more AC.
Eh! I really hate to hate but I gotta balance out my profile...I feel the bad karma already coming to get me.. but oh well..... Was in Vegas for my sister's grad party and the place was bumping. AMAZING ambiance and the music was my steez. But I am after all from the SCO and I know good eats and ESPECIALLY Italian. The food was boring for $32 ....Kobe beef Spaghetti and meatballs with Dry Dececco Pasta no thanks. The service was good but the food just didn't deliver for all the hype. Hollywood may jock this place but i'll Never bring Angelo and the guys here for dinner. HOWEVER i'll bring the boys back for drinks.
This is a review for the dinner not the club. My girlfriend wanted to eat here for her Bday dinner over memorial day weekend. The ambience was ok. It was EXTREMELY loud in the restaurant like the club was in the same room. We had a party of 5 and we had to almost yell at each other. i guess our expectations were different. The bar area was cool with a little lounge area. The food was OK nothing great about it. The service in the beginning was fine the guy was informative but after the food arrived we NEVER saw him again. I had to get other people to help us with our table and they were less than impressive. Overall Definitely NOT going to dinner there maybe the club it looked pretty good and saw some celebrities.
LAVO on Memorial weekend = Packed like a can of sardines and it's one really SMALL can too!

$20 cover..not bad...TAO was REDONKULOUS anyway!!! Hold hands..restrooms where?! Ouch! My feet hurt! I hate these heels! Why is that guy following you? Do you know him? I lost the guys!!!! 
TEXTTEXTTEXT...MEETMEETMEET...DRINKDRINKDRINK...DANCEDANCEDANCE!!! Is that Miley Cyrus playing?! I can't see the dancefloor. Let's make our own then! Hallway to bathroom sounds good. I can only move my upper body. My feet still hurt! I hate these shoes! PAPARAZZI PICTURES up the HEEZY!!! More dancing. It's only 2?! We need a B R E A K !!!! Long Beach cocktail is my new fav! Thanks Christian! Whiskey..yuck! Sorry Jay. This wall sure is nice to dance with and lean on! No I'm not taking a picture up her you know what! Vanessa, Melissa..frick it..let's go BAREFOOT!!! Why do we have TAO stamps on our wrist?! Maybe we can get in there now!! PEACE OUT LAVO!!!

*****

Wow..I can't believe I remembered all that! I guess that's what happens when you go on a spontaneous trip to VEGAS!!! Like my homegirl says, "that was a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am trip!" 

Haha. Good times!
BETTER THAN TAO! I am a very huge fan of actually being able to dance in a club...and we did have enough space to move around initially...I did almost get in a fight with a guy pushing my gf...anywayyyy!

The music was on point! And the AC was on full blast, I did not break a sweat really in this club until the end. We were able to actually walk up to the bar and get a drink in a reasonable time. I never heard the same song twice like I did at TAO...

It definitely has a nice feel, and it does not get too crowded or congested like their sister club. We were able to navigate our way through pretty much the whole place without getting stuck. Only VIP was pretty lame. It was roped off...and pretty small. All the people in VIP were sitting and not really dancing...whack!

Otherwise though the lighting, the AC, the music...and for the most part the crowd was great! Go here! Do not waste your time with the overcrowded, over-rated TAO.
I came here last Memorial Day Weekend because one of my local friends wanted to hang out. She was able to give me some Free Passes for the girls in my group but the guys had to pay $30. It's a pretty nice venue with decorative splurges on the same level as Tao but not as nice as XS or Tryst. There's a catwalk to the second floor that has all these sinks with water faucets turned on. This bothers me because I consider myself an "Environmentalist" and this wastes a lot of water. In my drunken stupor, I was frantically turning off all the faucets. WTF? There are some cute Go-Go dancers and the girls rubbing on each other a la Tao-style. 

Pros: 
-According to my friend, on Sundays, ladies have open bar until midnight. 
-Nice venue. 
-Decent music. Hip hop and Top 40 but nothing new. The typical popular songs that have been played in clubs for the last couple of years. 
-Bartender was fairly quick with the drinks. 
-Doormen were pretty friendly. Very rare in Vegas. 

Cons: 
-Kinda ghetto crowd. Younger people, early to mid-20s. 
-WAY too crowded. I felt jostled to death. If it wasn't for my hubby looking out for me, I probably would've caught a dozen elbows to the head on the dance floor. 
-Bouncers yelling "Can't stand here. Keep it moving." It's so annoying even though I know they're just looking out for our safety and keeping it clear. 

Overall, Lavo is a-okay. It's not my first choice but I wouldn't be opposed to going again.
The worst club that I've been to my whole entire life. Actually, PURE was the worst, so i guess LAVO gets second place! 

I've been here twice, both bad experiences. The music sucks-- it can't get any worse than that. They play old hip-hop music from the 2000s... like P-Diddy, Mario, etc. WTF?! Where's the recent hit music?! Someone mentioned that the crowd here is ghetto. It is ghetto indeed! 

The drinks suck. It tasted really watery with alcohol.
I feel like a hillbilly!  This is my first time back to Vegas after 8 yr. Crazy!  "Wow it so big,Ma " and real purty. 

How do I rate the restaurant on food service, location or decor? 
Food wAs average,  the wait for a table inside was an hour, the location and view on the hot patio was amazing but itS 90° at night and too hot to eat.  The decor is supposed to be a Turkish bath leading up to the club on the second flooR. Cool bar nice lounge.  I hear its a small intimate club but nice. 

But wez here to eatz.  So, my friend lives here and says they're known for their balls.  Huge meatballs! !! Really with the heat we were full with that and the yummy garlic bread. It was a huge 4" meatball with Italian grown toMatos. Its just large not that tasty. I prefer small and tasty cuz really size isn't everything.  Then I had eggplant rigatoni. H'm whatever a little over salty a little dry and like most Italian I feel I make better at home. Prices are reasonable, meatball with whipped ricotta $20. Rigatoni $24.

Waiter was nice.  The benefit of sitting outside waS watching the cheesy. siren show at the TI. it seemed very similar to the pirate battle.   

We were too full to eat our food, so we asked them to box it. Remember my friend lives here.  The buss boy not understanding, since he's esl, stacked our food and tossed it. We only had two bites literally.  So the waiter says sorry, it's tossed.  If you want to wait it'll be a while.  OKAY. We'll wait. I'm still drinking my champagne anyways. So they prepared both all over so he can have leftovers. ;) I thought it was funny. The waiter was cool about it. 
Food taste average, but overall experience adds an extra gold star.
Lavo can be hit-or-miss in terms of the crowd and music, but the decor is my absolute favorite. The ambiance there is perfect if you like sophisticated surroundings. Perfect for a date in the evening. 

I've been here twice for the nightclub. It's definitely intimate upstairs, and depending on the night, the DJ will either be making your night or making you ask yourself why you even bothered. The first time I came the DJ was blowing my mind, the second time around I can't even remember what he played. To be honest, I was bored and was wondering where the real party was at. I was also thinking where the hell did all these old people come from. Shame on you! And don't you dare spill your drink on me you drunk ass bitch! That's why you gotta dance on stage or at a table at this place.
*This review is for the Nightclub/bar area* 

It's 1230am and my group and I just got kicked out of Tao. Ok, so we weren't kicked out of Tao, but we didn't exactly get in. Ok, so we got in, but we didn't go in. Long story. 

Anyways, after Tao didn't exactly pan out.....one of the girls mentioned LAVO. We walked over to the other side of the Venetian to where LAVO was located. I was pleasantly surprised when I didn't see a line outside. (Why does that make me happy? I must be getting old.) We walked upstairs through a corridor of old Italian designed sinks to the dance area, where the club was located. 

At 1am - the club area was so crowded. There was no place for nine girls trying to celebrate a bachelorette party to dance around and make the bride to be do some tricks! The music and mix was great, but we opted the chill in the bar area down stairs. We chilled in the bar area, which had an equally good mix of music, wasn't too crowded. The decor was pretty nice. The crowd was also a little older than the groups hanging out upstairs. (God, I'm old....why does that make me feel better.) Plus the staff did let us chill in the reserved areas of the bar area. There was no one there and we were ordering drinks, so win, win! 

If I was just judging the club - I would only give it 2.0 stars. If I was only judging the Bar, I'd give it 4.0 stars. Let's do an average of 3.0.
Very impressive venue but super snooty. Bouncers, staff, and all -- snooty!  I remember for the most part that the crowd and music was at very high energy but didn't enjoy the experience completely because of the snootz!! 

There was not enough room for dancing...too tight. Plus all the booths are all in the walkway, so it's very hard to navigate around without having to walk through people and their booths. So a-nnoying.

Biz Markie performed that night...that was the dope part!
I've always had fun here.  It isn't as big as some of the other club which makes the size a lot more manageable.  Bottle prices are standard Vegas prices but they let our group of 3 guys in with only buying 2 bottles.
Went to Lavo Nightclub this past Sat night with two of my gfs. I've always wanted to check it out because I've been to Tao before. Since I went around 10:15 pm, a promoter I met that day walked us in with no wait (brownie points!). They treated us really well. There was open bar from 10:30pm to 11:30pm so we each had two drinks (free drinks are always awesome!) The club was alot smaller than I thought it would be. It's def smaller than most of the clubs that I went to this weekend. I was really confused because you walk upstairs and down a glass corridor with sinks into the club (what the heck are the sinks for??) It is really pretty decor though. We only stayed 45 minutes because we were meeting our other friends at Haze (at Aria). If you had to choose between checking out Tao or Lavo, I would definitely say Tao. It was a nice place to stop at early in the night for free drinks though and it wasn't too crowded when I went, probably due to the fact that it was still early.
After seeing a dead guy in front of Tao, we were a lil fucked up and got all bad vibes, freaked out, and headed back to our room at Palazzo. Came across Lavo; were able to bypass the line and went inside... 

Its nice, for a small club, its big on decor. The mosaic mirrored pieces everywhere and the catwalk with the faucets is pretty cool. 

Super crowded. Not enough beautiful people, that's for sure. 

And I know I am probably in the minority for this: But I HATE what everyone is mixing these days, progressive house? Untz Untz, BOOM! 
I hate it I think it really sucks. No one can dance well to it, the go go chicks look a lil strange trying to rock to it. 

Really pissed me off in fact. 

To almost every other review that complains about drink prices in a club in Vegas- you probably shouldn't be at a club in Vegas. Moronic complaint. 

Not impressed, maybe would go back if it happened to be easy and convenient.
We had about seven people in our crew. We got stuck at a table near a server station so there was a lot of commotion. Our server was nice and actually recommended us to get less food. He was right the portions were huge!

Salads are fresh and the dressings are mild. The calamari portion is surprisingly huge and it was average. The eggplant parm was great and HUGE (better be at $18). For dinner I got the 8oz. filet. It was cooked perfectly.

We went to the club upstairs with no wait or charge since we ate at the restaurant. Holy shit it was SO packed, we couldn't breath. It was quite dark as well I couldn't see the decor shown in the pictures I saw before.
I was really impressed by this place considering all the hype surrounding it. We went for a late dinner after seeing the Beatles LOVE (amazing by the way!). We had a 9:15 reservation and didn't sit until about 10:00 which was fine.....the bartenders were great and very accommodating while we waited.

The restaurant itself seemed a little overcrowded. I barely fit through the sea of people to get to our table. We finally sat down and were greeted by our amazing waiter. He really took good care of us three girls :)

He was very helpful with suggesting food to order...we ended up with some champagne and oysters, followed by some delish sea bass and a ravioli dish. All was thoroughly enjoyable :) Not earth shattering, but definitely worth going back.
I wasn't sure if I should give this place two or three stars. I've been to the bar, restaurant, and club several times each and have mixed experiences. 
The goods: Whenever their service sucks, they try and make up for it. The food has been good every time, if a little unvaried. The drinks have been great every time at the bar. They are unique and delicious. Some nights we enjoy the small club upstairs. The first year it was open it was really entertaining and had a little person fanning a quite large woman when you walked in, quirky stuff like that. The decor is nice throughout the venue. 
The bads: Last week we had to wait 45 minutes after our reservation to be seated. Yes they gave us a free appetizer, but the whole 45 minutes they kept telling us we were next on the list so please don't do that it just frustrates people. The music at the club is hit or miss. Hit being just ok and miss being so bad that we have decided to leave. Such as the time we had to leave because the dj was playing maybe 30 seconds of each song, sending a shout out to various cities, then repeat. You can only stand the dj shouting so much. 
My friend met someone who worked there and he invited us to come by the club. She declined and told him how horrible the wait was even with a reservation and the run around with the hostesses. He said come back and we will get you a table and a bottle of grey goose. We said ok. We showed up and they were kind enough to pour us a few drinks on the house but pushed us to go upstairs. We were fine to go upstairs but had to wait in line even with this supposed vip treatment.
The bottom line is this place is fine but not stellar. The best experience we'd had there is when there's space at the bar and we've just ordered appetizers. Can't go wrong there!
This review is only for the nightclub.

My friend had VIP status so we were able to snag some free tickets to the club. Walking in was a bit confusing.  There is a winding stairway that takes you past a bunch of sinks with running water. I seriously thought it was a place for people to wash their hands or throw up. But I digress. After you pass the weird walkway of sinks, you have to keep walking up the stairs before you finally get to the club. When we arrived, the place was PACKED with people. We arrived around 10:45pm after we were unsuccessful at TAO.  TAO was even more ridiculously packed than LAVO.

The music here was really good. I enjoyed the music. But that was pretty much it.  The drinks here are approximately $13 each.  Good luck getting to the bar though. The bar was packed as well. We waited a good 20-30 minutes to get our drinks.

The dance floor was small. The perimeter of the dance floor is surrounded by people who reserved table service.  Unless you have a table, there is no where to sit inside Lavo.  After about an hour, we had to leave because there was no room on the dance floor.
Oh, LAVO -- you gangsturr you.  From my past two experiences here, I have noticed that LAVO definitely has an affinity for hip-hop and dirty rap (Bay Area style!).  Although, this could also be because Three 6 Mafia came and performed last Sunday!

But don't get me wrong -- LAVO is every bit swanky, exquisite, and artistic.  It's no big-name club (like TAO or XS), but for such a humble size, LAVO is surprisingly fun all thanks to the rowdy, upbeat music and club goers.

Some downsides?
[ - ] Dance floor is way too crowded
[ - ] Raucous crowd = more drunk, perverted, grabby dudes

Solution?  I recommend getting a table / bottle service.  Both times my friends and I came here, we got bottle service for "free."  This basically means that we didn't pay for the table, but instead gave a generous gratuity to our VIP host.  How? Find friends of friends who know people in Vegas or wait for LAVO promoters to approach you during the day.

Granted I've never eaten in their downstairs dining area, I'm sure their food is also noteworthy.  While we were upstairs, Christopher Mintz-Plasse (aka McLovin) dined with friends for his 21st birthday.
My review is only for the nightclub and reads like the musical experience there. 

If my group hadn't thrown down for bottle service ---LET ME HEAR ALL YOU OUT OF STATERS ---there is no doubt this place ---- YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, UUUUUGH ----would have gotten one star ---RIP MICHAEL JACKSON---. It was really crowded ---PUT YOUR HANDS UP IF YOU WERE BORN IN THE 70S OR 80S-----and the dance floor is really ---WHO'S FROM CALIFORNIA-----small. 

The DJ spinning the night we went was horrific, but he seems to love to hear himself talk and somehow he thinks he's "world renowned". For the entire night, there wasn't one song he didn't interrupt. There are some songs that just shouldn't be messed with or interrupted but he couldn't make it 45 seconds without hollering. It messed up the groove and wrecked songs. 

Luckily nothing can get a bachelorette party down.
Normally I wouldn't consider going to LAVO since its always like a 3rd or 4th options compared with Tao/XS, but this particular occasion KC had some comp'd bottle service so we werent going to waste any of it. We stopped by at about 10'ish. KC did his magic, and next thing you know GG and I had our IDs checked, got introduced to our personal hostess and we were seated at our table. 

Half an hour goes by and the club starts to get packed. I wasn't even able to see the dance floor from our location. There was no way in hell they will give you a good location on comped tables. We were working 1/3 way down the Belvedere bottle. I m not sure what was going on, but GG was having some random convos with a group of grenades infront of our table. With the grenades was this hot looking posh spice look-a-like ( later found out that she even played soccer). I decided to rap with her. The conversation was flowing, and things were going great and next thing you know GG was like .. "Look bro, Tryst is getting packed, we gotta get down there". So we still had 2/3 of the bottle left, and KC decided to let the grenades have at it. I couldn't be a clinger on to Posh Spice. The girl was from Canada and didnt even have a phone on her. I had to old school it and slip her my # on a LAVO napkin. She thought I was her hero. 

Either ways, we got out of LAVO alive and I didn't take any shrapnels from grenades like GG did.  GG has been voted as MVP at LAVO. 

PS. I m going to skip the Tryst review. I have like 500 of those.
Restaurant:
DELICIOUS!! And the servings were huge!! Definitely worth the price b/c you can totally split a dish w/a friend/s. I had the Chicken Parm & it was mouth-wateringly yummy. Had some of my friends' pasta dishes as well & everything was cooked perfectly al dente. I was there for an early B-Day so they got me a delicious chocolate cake. Soooo good!! Service was excellent as well.

Club:
On the small side. It's mostly tables & a small dancefloor (Which I couldn't even get to partake in b/c the club got really crowded-which sucks b/c I love getting my groove on!). Bar got super crowded as well, had to wait a bit to get a drink. But drinks were really STRONG (my Red Bull/vodka was more like a vodka w/splash of Red Bull - wheee!!), so I wasn't too upset about the wait for a drink & the prices after I'd had a few sips haha. Music was awesome.

Would definitely come here again for the food. Club I would do again if I decided to splurge & get a table.
Las Vegas...I ask you:  What is the deal with reservations?  Is it customary to make one, and still have to wait?  Are we reserving a time to come to the restaurant to wait?  Seems kind of redundant.  But hey, if that's your policy, fine, just want to make sure we're on the same page.  

Although Lavo complies to the Vegas idea that reservations are not for tables but actually just make sure you have space to wait around near the bar, the drinks at said bar were pretty awesome.  And when we did get our table, we split one of their meatballs and that, too, was freakin fantastic.  Not everyone at the table was in love with their food but I had a caprese salad which was enormous, for one thing, and also very tasty.  

Do yourself a favor and get the garlic fries with that mayo sauce on the side.  And the meatball.  Then go dance it off if you can still move.
I had a great time at this place... When i was there the dance floor wasnt too crowded and they played a great mix of old-school hip-hop & R&B! LOVED it. Although,  Im not sure if every night is like that there!
Drink..Dance..Drink..Repeat

LAVO nightclub review -

As we were a large group, bottle service was a must in order to accommodate everyone. 18 people. 2 bottles of GG. 2 tables and 1 plush bench to mingle around behind a cute velvet rope. Great music all night long kept us on our feet well until 3 am. Dance on the platforms. Dance on the stairs. Dance on the dancefloor.

Tidbit - if you order a $1K bottle of Dom P. you'll get a shout out from the MC and a quirky skit on their stage in your honor. They had people in Spiderman and Mario Brothers suits joking up the crowd.
We came during 4th of July weekend because a friend found a promoter who said guys could get in for $10 and girls would be free if we came by 10:30pm.  The promoter also promised the girls a Full Open Bar until 11:30pm, which was another huge incentive for us to come.

Right before we headed over there, the promoter apparently changed his mind and said that guys had to pay $30.  What the... not cool.  We hoped the free drinks would offset the cost, so we went anyway.  The Full Bar only consisted of basic drinks like vodka/tonic, rum/coke, redbull/vodka but nothing too fancy.  Oh well, it was good enough.

The dance floor is TINY, but we still had a lot of fun here!  Much more fun than we had at Tao.  We enjoyed the Deejay and the music he played.  Good times.
I like Lavo. I enjoy Rock 'n' Roll wine events on Thursdays. I like drinking free wine for two hours and sitting outside, watching the bad pirate show at T.I.

I went to the night club part the other day for a pre-NHL Awards event. A promoter put me on his guest list, so I got in right when it opened and enjoyed the open vodka bar. I will note that "open vodka bar" means free watered down vodka over ice for ladies. Whatever. It's free!

The music's pretty good, the club is pretty small, but it's a pretty cool spot. There's a little stage behind the VIP booth where girls can get up and dance around, plus some special platforms for dancers hired by the club. It's definitely one of the nicer nightclubs in Vegas. I'd like to try the restaurant next!
I went to Lavo, Fourth of July.  Had little trouble getting in, just stood in line with the regular folk around 11pm.  We were on the guest list through a promoter so ladies got writst bands for open bar from 11 to midnight.  There was no problem getting the wrist bands for the guestlist, which is nice because sometimes you go to clubs and the people with the lists ignore you and treat you like poopoo.

Guests staying at Palazzo got in free with showing their room key.

Open bar was ok except one of my girlfriends ordered a vodka tonic, and there was zero vodka.  It was free so it wasnt such a big deal.

PROs:  I never felt hot in this club, the AC system is superb.
Music is great, surprisingly very short wait if any for the bathroom
CONs: This place is always crowded, jammed packed with people.
You will get spilled on and you will get stepped on.
The door men need to really control the number of people they let in its ridiculous, they need to cut the number of people by half.
The featured DJ that weekend never showed up. 

We left around 1:30 because we got tired of being smashed up against people on the dancefloor.  The whole time I'm on the dance floor I was touching a minimum of 3 people at a time because it was so crowded.  I got elbowed, spilled on and stepped on so many times, i had to laugh it became funny .  haha
I had a friend in town and he wanted to smoke a cigar and sit on the patio.  We chose LAVO because it was a bit late and they are a late night kind of place.

We did wait a bit for a cocktail server, but once she found us she was very nice and on the ball with our Scotch.

Great vibe and a cool setting made us happy with our choice.  I was watching service at the dining tables and think that I will venture back for some grub some time.
four words: Polenta Fries and Tiramisu!
Lavo is really small but I love the little sink/bathtubs that line the hallway as soon as you get up to the 2nd floor (the club area). I only come here because we met this chick at Caesar's that promotes it and Tao. The last 2 times that I went, they have open bar so of course I was ecstatic! I mean, I had a great time for free although the type of alcohol you can get is limited. The music is OK....with the occasional old school ones where people leave and disperse from the dancefloor. Their go-go dancers are pretty hot and they have girls that bathe each other by the bar or something like that. Oh! And sometimes you'll see a midget slave walking around chained up to his fat lady master...hahaha! I swear!
YUM!!!! This place was awesome! I loved it! We came here for a 21st birthday party and I am so glad we did. The food was insane! And as a vegetarian there were plenty of options and the servings were huge. I had the Rigatoni with buffalo mozzarella and tasted a few of the other dishes. Then we ordered several of each dessert on the menu and I have to say The fried oreos and strawberry shortcake were my favorite. I would definitely go back here again for the amazing food.
Loved the vibe here...great music...great crowd...not so monotonous as the mega-clubs with big groups. It was kind of annoying how many pictures the girls were taking in groups and we did ask the bouncer to boot some boring chicks from our booth for just sitting chatting to each other  and not enjoying the night.  It took several rounds of asking though.   

Booked a table, the host was really chill and we got in quickly, table wasn't in the greatest location but they moved us later when a table cleared up which was really nice.   Place is really small but better than the mega-clubs like Tao or XS...the crowd is definitely a lot better and no bouncer bullshit attitudes as with other spots.
Since we were staying at Palazzo, it was ideal to do some pre-partying at LAVO. As hotel guests, I'm sure the Concierge could have hooked it up for us, but as I knew a promoter, my girls and I got a VIP table and open bar from 11pm-midnight. Really, the BEST way to pre-party on a Sunday night.

LAVO is a really nice spot for lounging, especially for a group of girls. The whole space is very chic and intimate, with the restaurant on the lower level and the club on the top. The cocktail servers are all gorgeous - loved their hot corset dresses - and very attentive. Once we were out of a drink, they were right on it. 

The crowd was very mixed - an all ages kind of spot. While it was awesome to see a female hitting the decks, the music was also very mixed and after Mariah Carey's "Fantasy" came on, it was our cue to leave. Not that I have anything against Mariah, but I like singing that song at a karaoke club.

Tip: The promoters all hang out inside the restaurant, and they're pretty easy to spot as they're the guys in suits on their Blackberries surrounded by women.
This Review is for the Nightclub ONLY.

Overall, this nightclub is..just OK, haha.  I'd give it a 3-3.5 stars.  There's nothing horribly wrong with this club, but there's nothing that really stands out either, so I guess it'd be your club if you want something that's pretty stable.  This place isn't the most bumpin' club on the street, partly because it's not as big of a club and more of a lounge/restaurant.  But unlike other lounges, they actually do have a dance floor.

Getting in isn't that hard.  If you have a promoter this place is pretty easy to get in, and if guys have to pay, it shouldn't be more than $20-$30 for cover, which is pretty typical in Vegas.  The line isn't that long either.  The bouncers don't seem as strict about guys' attire, but I'm pretty sure dress shoes and button-up collared shirts would be your best bet.

Going in, it looks pretty nice.  The entire downstairs is mainly the lounge/restaurant area, and the club is actually in a separate room upstairs across a mini bridge-like thing.  When you walk in the club you can pretty much choose to go left or right.  The bar is on the left, and the dance floor and the booths are mostly to the right. 

The dancefloor isn't too big, but it's decent, I guess.  The music has its ups and downs, but they do play pretty good music.  Mostly hip-hop music.  The crowd is slightly older, probably late 20s and into the mid-30s.  Everyone on the dancefloor dances and can be pretty drunk, but it's not filled with people just standing idly goggling and any go-go dancers.  Speaking of which, I don't remember any, but I might  be wrong. 

At the bar, their prices are pretty Vegas-priced, maybe slightly cheaper? I don't really quite remember.  But their drinks are a hit or a miss, just like any regular club.  They're either really good or really bad, so you can't really tell what you'll get.
I actually had a lot of fun here. IT's REALLY EXPENSIVE HERE!!! We didn't have to wait in line, but originally it was supposed to be $10 for guys, but it ended up being $30, oh well. Free drinks for the girls. I was quite thirsty, so thanks to the girls in our group hooked me up with a couple of drinks, quite refreshing because there wasn't much alcohol. I bought 8 shots here, and it came out to $120!!! It's more expensive than Club XS!!!!! Dance area is pretty small and stuffy, music is okay. Overall, I had a good time with good friends! =)
3.5 stars.

Dinner portions are enormous and taste is slightly above average.  I had the chicken parm that took up the entire plate.  Ordered calamari that was pretty bad but the excellent dipping sauce made up for it.  Drinks are awesome!
I'm gonna go with 3.5 stars and round down, because of the club. Here's a review for both the club and the restaurant:

RESTAURANT: Well, the night started off poorly. We had reservations (5 person group) for 10:15. After arriving at 10:00PM, we checked in and were told to expect a 10-15 minute wait. No big deal, we were early. But after 35 minutes, especially since we thought it'd be quick and didn't bother to hit the bar, it began to become a problem. We let the hostess know, and she told us that it would be a few minutes.

Here's where I pause to say that if you DON'T know, or you DO know that it'll be longer - just be upfront, or have someone else talk to us. I know it's a late night on one of their bigger club nights (Sunday), but let's be reasonable. After another 15 minutes (we've now been waiting for 50 minutes after being told 15), my wife spoke to a manager.

The manager was VERY helpful and accommodating. We were told our first round of drinks would be comped, and she sat us right away. Okay, definite plus marks there. Great customer service goes a long way.

On to the service and the food: The service is GREAT. Our waiter, Casey - was extremely knowledgeable, funny, and attentive. He didn't have to be told by us about the comped drinks, and gave great recommendations on the menu. Although, BE WARNED - the food is served a la carte, and as such, they are relentless upsellers (as to be expected, really). The sides and appetizers are fantastic though, and are quite big portions for both the apps and entrees.

I got the Chicken Parm, which was pretty good but nothing fantastic. It is HUGE (I finished about half). However, my side - the asparagus with lemon and pepper was GREAT. My wife got the spaghetti with Kobe meatballs which was EXCELLENT (and is in need of no side dish whatsoever). Our table also got an appetizer - the fried zucchini - which was also very, VERY good. 

Again, great service - and their specialty drink, the Saggio (blueberry vodka, sage, lemon juice), is HIGHLY recommended. Their garlic bread with marinara that they bring out is also just fantastic. Bill was around $300 for the 5 of us with a couple drinks a piece (granted, one comped round). 

And now, the club:

UGH.

Well...I should preface this by saying if I hadn't had so much fun at Vegas clubs in the past, and this was my first experience, I would have hated it. Not because the music was bad...in fact, it was GREAT (the DJ downstairs in the restaurant was also excellent). The sound system? Fantastic. I am a DJ and a bit of a music snob, so I am a bit hard to impress when it comes to this stuff. But on that level, they nailed it.

Unfortunately though, it was packed like sardines. Not like a typical packed Vegas club - I mean it was packed wall to wall with VERY little room to move. There were very few security guys keeping walkways open, and it had to have been over capacity. There is a difference between a full club, and an uncomfortably packed club. They were NOT holding the line, and every single inch of the club was just hot, packed, and uncomfortable. Not the greatest environment.

However, the decor is great, the music is great...it would have been much better to see some organization and management of the crowd and line. 

Overall, I would return to the restaurant, but I doubt I'd be back to the club.
I had the pasta with clams of which I have had at over a hundred Italian restaurants.  This is one of the worst I have tasted.  The sauce tasted like tomatoes with no other added ingredients.  I was forcing the pasta down to try to reduce my hunger.  I also had the caprese which had tomatoes that were way oversized and not ripe.  When there are 2 main ingredients to this dish, best to make sure they are both excellent.  Other people were complaining about their food with some people thinking it was good.
Nightclub only:
There's nothing special about this place. It doesn't suck, but it's not somewhere I would be excited to go to either. I had a good time, but nothing stands out. We stayed at the Palazzo so getting in was cake. Some friends stayed at another hotel and found getting in pretty easy as well. We have promoter friends though, so I don't know how it would be for the general population. I think one of the main reasons this club isn't so 'hot' is because it's smaller than other clubs. It has a lounge vibe, which is cool. It's just not somewhere to go pop bottle and hook up with models. However, it's a good place to pregame.
First impression?  Spectacular and gorgeous!  We decided to dine here during convention upon rec from my parents.  Since I adore Italian cuisine I was definitely game.

I wish I could remember the name of the cocktail I ordered because it was really tasty.  I do remember that it had blueberry vodka and sage and was really refreshing.  They were featuring a special app with squash blossoms and zucchini.  Yes please!  Fried squash blossoms are such a treat during the summer for my family that I had to try LAVO's version.  I must confess that my Italian Great-Grandmother's recipe is better, but I did enjoy having them in a restaurant.  

For my entree I selected the ravioli.  It was stuffed with cheese and so much better than what you purchase in the grocery store.  The filling was a little salty for my taste, but it could have been the cheese since some varieties can be a little on the salty side.  Other than that, they were good.

Our server was as sweet as she could be and gave good recs as far as what to order.  I always appreciate that info.  I would have loved to have ordered dessert, but I was waaaay to full to indulge.  Next time...
Delicious!!!

A group of us gals came here to start my sisters bachelorette party. We hadn't heard of it before and we were staying at Encore so it wasnt in our hotel. We just found it online and booked it!

I am so glad that we did. The service was very good for a large group and our drinks from the bar came very fast. My sister and I shared the mozarella balls and my god they were so good! We still talk about them! The portions are good sized and its authentic Italian food so if you order the shrimp scampi youre gonna get shrimp. Not olive garden style where it comes with pasta and never ending salad and breadsticks (shout out to the party pooper of the group ;D )

Its in the Palazzo so if you are staying there or are in Vegas and want some good Italian food give it a try!
hmmmm i went there on July 4th. So what happened? FULL OF PEOPLE!! People were lining up for hours outside. I wasnt part of them thank god for that. My bf and I were given 2 VIP passes by a group of girls who work for LAVO when we were shopping around. They spotted us from far and waved their hands. I looked at my bf and said "oh, do I know them? But they are cute! " . So the girls came up to us and one of them said "u both look so cute together, and I loveeee your dress". I don't normally like being stopped in the middle of my shopping immediately cut her off and said do u want to sell something? She said oh no, we want to invite you guys to LAVO and TAO tonight, we want to give you these VIPS passes so you guys can go in just fine, no need to line up. I said what's the catch? She said nothing, just show up, we love beautiful people in there. We were like ok, if we can make it because we have a show to watch. But we indeed made it. =) 

LAVO was crowded, the line was looonnggggggggg but we did not have to line up for hours like the rest of them, club goers. They were there since 8.30 pm!! Noone questioned us, nothing. The bouncer treated us like VIP =) He walked us in. LMAO. I mean, I never had to line up anywhere because I don't like it. I wont go to a club unless it's a VIP pass or a bottle service. I don't care how fancy the club is, I am not the type that go ga-ga over some stupid clubs. I love dancing and loud music, no doubt, but to wait in line? NO WAY!
OK, back to LAVO. All the tables were booked. I, like the rest of the crowds had to line up to get some drinks. It took us about 15 -20 mins to get some. And they were expensive!! We spent about 50 on 2 small drinks, and another 25 on some stupid shots and I did not even taste the alcohol in it. Then we went to the dancing floor, and it was packed! Cant even move around much but heck, we enjoyed the night. We stayed till 1.30 am because we were tired. When we walked out, there was still a long line to get in. Wow.  It's a small club really, don't think they can fit more than 300 people? I don't know but downstairs is a bar/lounge area. So who ever needs some fresh air, away from the crowds and dance a bit, they can go there!
The best part of this place is the decor.  It is quite beautifful.  I will make this short by saying that from the time we walked in (party of 
3) everything was slow.  Slow to get our drinks, slow to get our table.  Our waiter had no personality at all.  The food?  eh...I've had better at home.  The portions were quite large, though.  They make over their sauce that you dip your bread that comes in foil to your table.  It was nothing that I haven't tasted before.  It was middle of the road.  Not bad, but wasn't OMG.  The appetizers lacked seasoning all around.  The meatball is huge, but was just okay.  Everyone else in my group enjoyed with they got, so that was good.  I ordered the braised short ribs with risotto.  It was brought to as a pile of risotto and a few shredded pieces of short rib.  The risotto was overcooked.  Mush.  Flavorless.  No seasoning AGAIN.  The short ribs (what little bit was there) were tough.  When the waiter saw I had hardly touched it, he offered to get something else, but I was finished with them.  We didn't even go up to the club.  I was over that place.  With all of the options in Vegas, this is a forgettable place.  Wouldn't go again....
Lavo in the Palazzo- Italian Restaurant, Nightclub and Lounge

Lavo in the Palazzo

I love going to Lavo, they have a great patio right on the strip, comfortable couches in the lounge and the restaurant is an open concept. Fun spot for people watching.

The food is delicious! Lots to choose from.  The table I was with ordered, garlic bread, flat bread, salads, pastas, steak, mussels. I tried a bit of everything.  Loved the garlic bread with the tastiest tomato sauce for dunking the bread in. I would recommend it all.

I have 2 recommendations for this hot spot.

1. Make the online menu in larger print.

2. Update the prices on the wine list. We ordered a couple of glasses of Merlot before dinner and on the menu it says $10.00 when we got the bill we were charged $12.00. When we asked the waitress why, she said we only have $12.00 Merlot. They adjusted the bill with only a bit of attitude.

I will go back, In fact I went back the next night and ordered a glass of California wine $14.00, and the menu still has a $10.00 Merlot.

Tip: Always check your bill. I used to never check my bills until recently when I realized once I got home I paid more the ticketed price.

http://www.vegaspersonalshopper.com/do-you-check-your-bill/
This review is for Lavo Nightclub- not Lavo Restaurant.

My friend said that she could get us free drinks here to pre-game with before heading out to XS. Since we were staying at Palazzo, we were like why not right? 

Once we got into the club, we were like WTF... This place is so small! The dance floor is the size of my bedroom, no joke. And the people here dancing were fug... some girls were wearing FLIP FLOPS! Who wears FLIP FLOPS to a club... in VEGAS?!! This is not a hot club like Tao or XS... don't come here unless you can't get into clubs normally. I guess that's what those people were doing.

Deuces!
We had dinner here for a bachelorette party.  I have mixed feeling about the restaurant part.  Since we had such a big group, we had to do a set dinner menu.  The price per person for the menu was about $100.  For the food we got, it was not worth the price.  BUT in Lavo's defense, we picked the food.  So I guess I'd like to go back and try something off of their regular menu.  For what we did have:  Mussles in marinara sauce, the sauce was good, but over  1/2 of the mussels were not cooked all the way and did not open.  Garlic break and marinara sauce - the flavor was there but the presentation was an F.  They brought out a plate with a bowl of marinara sauce and a loaf of garlic bread wrapped in tin foil.  They put it on the table and I was confused.  Also, there was no serving pieces for the sauce or bread.  In a restaurant like this you'd think the presentation would be looked after a bit more.  The flat bread was yummy, served on a baking stone so that was fine.  The dinner (again this was partially not fabulous but only bc of what was choosen by our group): 2 pastas, French fries, mashed potatoes, broccoli.  What a strange combo, but all I can do is rate each item on its own.  The pastas were cooked al dente and the sauce had a great flavor.  I like al dente so it didn't bother me, but some girls didn't like it.  The starches were good - but how can you mess up fries or mashed potatoes.  The broccoli was steamed - that's about all I can say about that, it's broccoli so how can you really say any more? The service was outstanding - our waiter was super friendly and funny (and cute!) and he kept the wine flowing.  I'd definitely give Lavo another try, just because I don't think I got the full experience with our personal tasting menu.  On a plus, they put a personalized menu out for us with our bachelorette's name and the date - a nice keepsake.  I enjoyed the ambiance - it was super upbeat, chic and trendy.  The music was hip hop and everyone was just dancing in their seats having a good time at dinner.  For now I will give Lavo a 3, but I have a feeling it is just because I was there for a event that required a set menu and I was thrown off by the garlic bread wrapped in tin foil, LOL.  If I return,  hopefully I can give it a 4 or 5.  

The club - great music, EXTREMELY crowded, but drink and shot prices weren't terrible.  The dance pit was insanely crowded. I think if you had VIP or table service you would have the roped off area that surrounds the dance floor.  I don't know if that is a good thing though bc the dance floor was so crowded I would feel trapped at your table.  I heard from a waitress that we met at Tryst that the night club is notorious for having extremely long lines.  The club was a bit on the smaller side (compared to places like Tryst, Jet, Pure, Moon).  For the club, I'd give it a 2 just for the reason that there are so many other fab clubs in Vegas.
Was there last weekend with 4 of my Girl friends!  Most of us were vegetarian .. so if you are .. this will be the review you want to read. 

First - the atmosphere was awesome.  We had reservations .. so had to wait just a little bit before our table was ready.  The server was very kind and the service was quick. 

We got the Roasted Beet Salad & Mixed Green Salad for the table - Very very yummy!! The dressing was perfect! 

They gave us plain bread and some garlic bread with a tomatoey sauce - very nice

For my main dish, I ordered the Rigatoni Melenzana with no cheese.  Most of our my veggie friends ordered the same.  The server was so nice, that they had first made it forgetting to not toss the sauce with some parmesan.  So sent it back before bringing it out.  I thought that was sweet cause frankly I wouldn't have noticed. 

The roasted eggplant in the dish was just out of this world.  a must get for all vegetarians! 

One word of caution - their serving sizes are HUGE.  So you will have plenty saved up for lunch the next day!  That makes the dish even more worth the bucks you pay. 

For Drinks, we ordered pomegranate limanada (i think it was a special that day) in a pitcher.  Apparently, it served 5 cocktails.  But it looked like a lot more and we couldn't finish it. 

Dessert, the table shared Fried Oreos with Icecream.  Apparently thats what they are famous for.  Everyone said it was the most divine combo ever!

Overall, I highly recommend folks to try this place out when you head to Vegas!  The restaurant also has a club which you will get entrance to if you dine there. Added bonus! :)
I came in here shortly after they opened a couple of years ago.  Their initial idea was hilariously bad.  Restaurant/Club/Bathhouse.  

Bath house?  I knew the bath house idea would be short-lived.  Just not appetizing.  When I think bath house I think either fat, hairy european men lounging around naked or sweating in saunas or I think of another even less appealing vision that I'm sure y'all probably were also thinking.

Anywho...

Yeah, so the original chef was some cocky douche from LA who was dumped almost immediately after the grand opening.  He was doing the small plates/mezze thing.  His food was okay, but the room was too loud and clubby and not really conducive to eating overpriced, mediocre, cliched grub, or eating at all.  Very loud and annoying.

Fast forward to last week and I thought I'd give it another shot and voila!  A fine restaurant had arisen like a phx from the bath house's ashes!  Nothing earth-shattering original here, just good Italian grub.  I can't remember what I ate, but the room is stunning, the mood has been chilled, the service was right the hell on and the vittels were scrumptious.

Nice save, Tao Group.
Good food, great atmosphere.  Love the garlic bread, lobster bisque and kone stuffed rice balls.. Our waiter was very pleasant. Tiramisu was so so.  Not really a family enviroment per se, but my 12 year old daughter loved it.
Review is for the NIGHTCLUB portion only:

Located inside the Venetian and run by the same people as Tao, it's a restaurant that turns into a nightclub venue after hours.  However, the bar and dance area seem to be separate from the main dining area below.  To get to the bar/dance area, you have to go up some stairs, cross a catwalk with a bunch of running sinks, and then up some more stairs.  Odd right?  In any case, it's a decent venue but fairly modest in size.  There's a fairly large triangular shape bar with a bunch of tables lining the wall on one side for those that get table service.  They have a dance floor on the other side of the room that got really packed as the night went on, along with some additional tables around that and the VIP area on one side.  There's also a second, small bar by the dance floor, but I'm not sure if they are stocked like the main bar.

Maybe it's because LeBron James was in the house the Friday night we went, but this place was just INSANELY PACKED.  At it's peak, we were basically stuck standing in the same place as it was just too crowded around us for us to seek shelter somewhere.  Fortunately for us, our spot was right at the counter of the bar, so easy access to drinks while we stood there.  And stood.  And.....stood.  I have no idea if there was anything else beyond the triangle bar, dance floor, and table section since it was just too hard to move, but it didn't seem like there was.

The staff is very mixed.  The bartenders were all really nice and the one we bought all of our drinks from (by default) was really friendly with us.  She seemed to be relatively generous with her pours so that was a nice plus.  The security and hostesses on the other hand, were a few pegs below the bartenders.  Granted, it was crowded, hot, and kind of loud, and all of these buzzed people were a little slow in reacting to them waving flashlights in the air to get people to move.  But really, literally pushing people out of the way is largely unnecessary.  I mean, it's not like they were leading LeBron himself to a table...just jamming their way through to clear the area for people who are still making their way upstairs.  If they wished it wasn't so crowded (I certainly felt that way)...then maybe they shouldn't have let so many damn people inside!

Although we ultimately didn't need them, my friend and I were chatting with the cab driver on the way to Lavo and he was nice enough to give us some drink coupons and discount passes on cover.  Definitely helps to talk to your cab driver if you can, though you can get some passes at concierge too if you are staying at the hotel.  And for the ladies, you may want to try to come early if you can.  We ended up making it to Lavo by about 10:30 or so after dinner, and the girls scored free drinks until 11:00 I believe.  Thankfully, they were kind enough to pass along some drinks to us guys as well.
I travelled about 3000 miles to eat at Assagio's...oh wait, I'm eating at Lavo??? So the food was just ok.  I ordered the fettucini alfredo that could have come out of any Italian restaurant.  My sister's pasta was overly adante....or more like undercooked.  The service was slow and inattentive for a popular restaurant.  They brought out the appetizer before giving us any plates.  We even had to ask for plates haha maybe they wanted us to go at it savage style.  The best part of the meal was the complimentary garlic bread.

The decor and atmosphere was very nice.  Good for business meetings, dates and friends' outings.  

The reason for the extra star is because we came back for the nightclub and they put us in front of the line and gave us a complimentary table and drinks :)  Way to make a customer feel special!  The club area was small as well as the dance floor.  The music wasn't really my style as they were playing some random oldies.  The stairs on the way out were poorly lit, or rather not lit at all, causing my sis to fall.  But a second after, we were surrounded by flashlights and 8 gentlemen catering to our every need so plus to them for noticing!  I would come back again for the club, maybe not the restaurant.
Note that this is a review for the restaurant and not the club experience. (Hey Yelp, maybe there should be a way to separate the two for venues that function as both!) 

Had dinner at Lavo with a large group of friends. 

The interior of the restaurant is beautiful. I don't say this about a lot of restaurants, but ladies, check out the bathroom!!! 

The meal was accompanied by garlic bread with marinara sauce. Quite yummy, but there was a bit of controversy when we were given refills and then charged for them. After a friend talked to the servers and argued that we hadn't been told there was a charge for refills, the charge was waived. 

A friend and I shared the Kobe beef carpaccio with black truffle vinaigrette. I like truffle flavoring, but I think the vinaigrette overpowered the beef. Past a certain point with truffle-based sauces, less becomes more.

My entree was risotto with braised short rib. The rice was delicious and the short rib had good flavor, but the meat wasn't soft enough. When I think of braised short rib, I think of tender meat falling off the bone.

We shared several vegetable sides with the table. Pretty standard stuff. The creamed spinach was a bit too heavy though, even for creamed spinach. Probably our mistake for ordering it in addition to all the food we had.

My bf ordered a seared tuna entree, which definitely got an A+ for presentation. I tried a bit, and it was tasty. However, he came down with symptoms of food poisoning several hours later. Let's be honest though - since we were in Vegas, it's hard to tell how much of that was caused or exacerbated by alcohol. 

Others at the table enjoyed their pizzas, which looked very large for one person, and pastas. 

I was extremely full after the meal. The menu is available on the website for you to evaluate the prices yourself, but I thought $60 for half an appetizer, an entree, and the split cost of a few sides without any drinks or alcohol was a bit high. Then again, this is the Strip! 

To sum it up, Lavo is one of the better places I've tried on the Strip, after a series of disappointing food experiences. (Refer to other reviews if interested.)
* decent food but with something left to be desired 
* great presentation
* wonderful interior
* sufficient seating for large groups
* slightly high prices
Excellent!!!!

I had the 8 oz steak and so did 3 others and we all said that this was the best steak we have ever had. And I'm comparing that to a Park City Utah steakhouse and a Reno steakhouse we go to for a yearly trip. Lavo, by far, exceeded all those places.

The service was perfect. 

I recommend this place to everyone. A must for an Vegaser before hitting the town.
Went to the restaurant and the club...I'll start with the restaurant. (BTW, the restaurant gets 4 stars...the club gets 0)

The decor inside was gorgeous, it felt very intimate with low lighting, and tables set waaaay too close together. But trust me, three glasses of wine later, you won't even notice that you can hear every word out of your neighbor's mouth, and presumably they can hear yours. 

The food was delicious! I had the spaghetti and kobe meat balls (spaghetti and meatballs, my favorite!) well, the portion was HUGE, and I guess it better be, considering the $34 it costs. Even being the noodle whore that I am, i couldn't even finish half of it. I did manage to eat about two of the giant meatballs though, and they were good.

My friend had the veal parmigiano, and it too was good. Covered in good melted cheese, and spicy marinara. 

We also had the fried calamari as appetizer, and it was delicious. Fried just right, with good spicy marinara. They also served us garlic bread, which was to die for, except some bites were overpowered with too much butter (what, such a thing?) and cheese. Otherwise good. I would go back just for the bread (because I'm a bread whore too, remember?)

ON to the club then. So because we ate at the restaurant, they wave the cover, and let you by pass the line. We went back to our rooms for a bit, and went back to the club at around 1. Ha, line pass? No need, there was no line! Anyway, we went in right away, through this maze of a path, and ended up god knows where, and it was just horrific. It was so small and crowded! Also, I was about a foot shorter than everyone there, and I felt like a child (I'm 5'5", btw, I should not be feeling like a child anywhere!)

The music was rap (probably my least favorite), the dance floor was so small and crowded, and I felt like I was suffocating! I think at one point the dj threw money into the crowd- let me specify, he threw DOLLAR bills into the crowd. No way in hell I'm bending over to pick up a freakin DOLLAR in such a crowded dance floor in a dress!
Extraordinary service.. Open bar and free bottle service for ladies.. Or maybe cuz we met a real nice promoter:) the food here is awesome too! The dancing area may not be as big s xs or pure, etc but
the atmosphere is very welcoming.
Loved this restaurant...everything from the complimentary bread to service was absolutely perfect for a first night dinner in Vegas. I had originally made reservations for four but our flights was delayed and then we were late getting ready so I had to call twice to change our reservation times and I had no problems doing so they were really understanding. When we arrive we were seating promptly...love the decor and bathrooms..the food was delicious and our waiter was awesome 
This is a must when visiting Vegas. Our $240 tab for four including two bottles of wine was worth every penny
I'm glad I wasn't paying.  The kobe meatball was good but as large as a softball.  The crab louie salad was delicious and the staff was friendly.  The tuna tar tar was tasty as were the mussels.  They dumped a load on the decorating of this place but considering it's location it's probably expected.  They have a nice wine list and a full bar.  There's also a private dining room for larger groups.
This place has super nice decor.

Not that I want to come off as an Italian food expert, but for the price and the time, it simply was not worth it. If you compare this place to Carluccio's Tivoli Garden or Buca di Beppo, the quality should be better, and it simply was not. 

I was here when the club was packed. Lines were filling up the entire casino corridor and I felt like I had to get through so many people just to find the group to which I was joining. 

If the dinner wasn't free, I would have been an unhappy person that is for sure!

Comped dinners probably don't allow you to order whatever you want, so that may be a factor in my experience, but I was still not impressed and this is what I have to share about this place...
My girl can basically get us VIP treatment wherever we go.  Yep, she's just got it like that.  ;)  She knows all the right people.  All of a sudden, grown men become 13 year old blubbering teenage boys hypnotized by her beauty.  I'm totally serious.  No line, VIP table, and open bar.  Sweet.

LAVO is a perfect place to pre-party.  We walked in and the restaurant was absolutely beautiful.  We were told to go upstairs and I was surprised to find a really nice club area.  It's small and refreshingly not pretentious, but I can't imagine staying for the whole night.  It isn't a place to go people watch or expect to find the most beautiful people in Vegas, but it's definitely a kick-back place that you can let loose and start the night.

The music was awesome at first and I loved how it was a female DJ spinning.  However, the music got progressively worse and our 11pm-midnight VIP table with open bar expired.  That was our cue to exit and go cause some trouble elsewhere.  ;)

3.5 stars overall.
Did not eat here so my review is for Lavo the night club/lounge.  One thing I liked about Lavo is that it was not overcrowded like some of the other places I was at on previous nights.  There wasn't the long line that you find at Tao, and the bouncer was not nearly as pretentious.  The decor inside was beautiful, classic Italian style.  The crowd was very cool as well.  They had models that stood in a classic style bathtub and washed themselves which I had never seen before, so even if you are bored there's something to watch.  :-)
We went to Lavo only to eat and had a wonderful night.  Our waiter Kyle was wonderful.  We went to this restaurant with the idea we would just have pizza.  Kyle changed all of that.  We started w/a Caprese salad.  The tomatoes were not ripe and 2 of the tomatoes had the "core" in it.  Kind of a bummer for $18.00, but the overall taste of the salad was great.  I had the most expensive spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had.  It was really really good but I don't feel it was worth $32.00!  The pizza's we ordered for appetizers were great!  Our waiter suggested the meatball pizza (which is what the chef's make for the staff) and it was good but the "white" cheese pizza was absolutely incredible.  All of the staff was great that served us.  They were on their game.   We ate about 6:00 so it wasn't loud at all.
While on our wild vacation out to Las Vegas, my wife and I wanted to try the restaurants in Vegas, aside from the well established feeding grounds of buffets and $5 steaks.  We decided to go to LAVO  

While everyone waits for Tao, you can save some headaches and sore legs by going to this sister restaurant.  When we went to LAVO however, with a reservation mind you, we still wound up having to wait for half an hour for our table.  However, it wasn't all that bad.  The bar and lounge area are very comfortable and inviting, so we ordered a few drinks and sat around talking and watching the game on the television.  

After we were seated, I finally noticed how small the dining area actually was, which could have been the reason for delayed seating.  Seating was probably limited to approximately 20 - 25 parties inside and some seating outside.  Outside seating would be nice, aside from the still blistering heat and trove of cars rolling up and down The Strip.  You could also enjoy the show at Treasure Island across the street.  Still, we decided to stay indoor and enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant itself.

The waitress, who looked like Leslie Bibb, immediately came over and went over the menu with us.  She was really nice and assisted us with a wine recommendation with our meal.  The wine turned out to be quite good and matched the equally delicious kobe beef meatball, A MUST HAVE.  Actually, we ordered two, even though one was more than enough.  The tartare was quite delicious as well.  

The pièce de résistance was the Chilean sea bass.  Cooked just right and tender, the bass was just pure heaven.  Never had I had fish that was on any level comparable to the fish I had here.  I would come here every time when I'm in Vegas just for it.

Didn't go to the nightclub though, since we head so many negatives about it.  Still the restaurant was well worth it and hopefully won't be affected by the reviews of the nightclub.
Review for nightclub only.

Open bar before 12 AM, starts at 1030. Got in comped with a group of girls and had a nice selection of drinks between whisky, rum, and vodka. Played music from the early 2000s, so it was quite refreshing from the usual top 40. 

Like some other review said, good place to preparty.
This review is for the nightclub and the lounge. We did not get around to eating here. The lounge is nice and laid back with outdoor seating that overlooks the strip. The nightclub was wayyyyyy too crowded. A nice club but they need to either expand or have less people in there.
Amazing scallops and larger than life prawns! I recommend sitting outdoors to enjoy that Vegas hot summer night and the Treasure Island pirate show. With great music and a lively ambiance, you're also greeted with the comforting scent of fresh baked garlic bread with marinara dipping sauce.
This is for the nightclub ONLY. 

My friend knew a promoter, so all the girls were able to go in for free. Unfortunately, the promoter said my boyfriend would only have to pay 15 bucks and then right when we got to the club, he told my boyfriend it's actually 30..grrr 

I went on a Saturday and it was free drinks for ladies until 11:30 :D Drinks are pretty standard (cranberry vodka, vodka + redbull), but I'm not really picky when it comes to drinks. 

Everything that happened after drinking a ton is kind of a blur, but I do remember that the dance floor is pretty cramped. I almost lost my purse because someone rammed into me and I dropped my purse on the floor. My friend was able to retrieve it for me, thank goodness. 

Other than the limited space, I really liked this club. Music was mostly mainstream, hip-hop stuff which is my favorite thing to dance to. The crowd was around my age (early 20s) and I saw some mid/late 20s people as well. The energy of the crowd was really upbeat and fun which makes dancing a 100 times better. 

Unfortunately, my group got kicked out early (around midnight) because my friend got too drunk and sat on the floor. 

I would totally go back to this club, not for the decor or the space or the HYPE or anything. But just because it's a great place to just go and dance til your feet are so sore, you can hardly walk back to your hotel.
Came here on a Sunday night because apparently there wasn't the greatest selection of clubs open. I was not disappointed. The door and management staff were superb to us ladies. The bartenders took freakin' forever and the bar was a bit of a messy area. The place isn't that big, but it was fun. Super crowded, and with weird funky birthday music playing every now and then. I did love the trip up and down the stairs with all of the running water. That was pretty amazing. Overall, it was a good experience and I enjoyed it. Better music could've been played however :)
Yum!

My first real meal in Vegas was at Lavo for dinner. Four of us went and were seated quickly (I forget if someone had made a reservation) but it was relatively empty (7pm on a Wednesday night) so not too surprising.

My companion ordered the kobe beef carpaccio as an appetizer for the table, not knowing that carpaccio is raw meat (he was just lured by the word 'kobe' because he loves it). Anyway, when that dish came out, the meat was HOT PINK. I love carpaccio but it seemed unnaturally radioactively pink. It came with a little arugula salad that was nicely dressed and a crisp parmesan cheese wafer that was yummy. The beef was okay, but not the type of carpaccio I'm used to. There were way too many parmesan cheese shavings on the meat itself and too much salt and pepper for my taste.

For my main dish, I got risotto with braised short ribs. The risotto was creamy and delicious and the short ribs were tender and flavorful. My companion ordered steak, which was really good, but nothing outstanding about it. The other couple ordered the rigatoni with sausage and bolognese sauce and chicken marsala. I got to try the chicken marsala and it was really good; flavor was nice and not too overwhelming or salty. However, the portion size for the chicken seemed rather small, but then again, I'm a greedy pig.

For drinks, I asked for a bellini and the waiter said that they had something called the lavollini (or something using the name of the restaurant) so I got that. There wasn't anything different about it, except the name, because it tasted like a standard bellini.

And just to mention, the waiter we had was in training or something, so he had some tiny girl following him around all night, watching his every move.

Overall, a pleasant experience, but nothing bedazzling about it at all.
I went there once, and I had a good time.  No cover cuz I got on the list since I was staying at Palazzo.  It's like a smaller version of tao.  good time though.
I am a much bigger fan of the restaurant than the club area.  Very few things are better for outdoor strip dining than a nice night on their balcony with a couple of pizzas and bottles of wine with good friends.  It's pretty reasonably priced too!
Nightclub review!

I had more fun at LAVO than I did at TAO. Got in free on Friday night, and everybody is incredibly nice, from the bouncers (thank you, bouncer inside, who held me up as me and my drunken friend switched our shoes) to the bartenders. The music was GOOD, and I never stopped dancing for a second. This particular night LMFAO was performing (or so I was told the next morning...my memory fails me as the entire night was a blur). 

My only gripes about this place was that it was incredibly crowded and thus it was hard to sift through the crowd.
--- This is a review for the club, not the restaurant. ---

 I had high expectations since the first floor was nice, as was the hallway with all the sinks (looks better than it sounds). But then I walk into the club and it was, well, tiny and sweaty. It just looked worn down. 

However, there were some pluses... for example, not having to pay & 1/2 price for the guys (thanks to a very hospitable promoter), open bar for ladies before 11:00 pm, but only simple drinks like vodka cranberry, long islands, etc. Of course, cheap vodka, cheap everything, but they are NOT stingy on the alcohol and fully intend on getting you drunk. The bartenders & the bouncers are all nice as well, and the crowd was okay. Because Lebron was supposed to be hosting that night (I left before he got there) it was super packed, which is good and bad. 

I wasn't blown away by the venue, but the music was decent and I still ended up having a good time. Great to come here for the open bar!
This is for the nightclub, not the restaurant.

I went here with ten other friends, five guys and six girls, over Memorial Day weekend. That was our first issue, never go during the holidays because you'll pay 200% more for everything that time...even though it doesn't change from the weekend before or after. Well, maybe it will be less crowded.

Anyways, we were the first ones in line for the guestlist. Girls were free, guys cover was $60. All the boys sucked it up and paid that amount. Since we were some of the first people in there, we took full advantage of the open bar. We snagged some drinks for our guy friends as well. 

Within the next hour, it got very crowded, since it is such a small venue. The music was a little outdated...early 2000's. We found a little spot between the VIP area and a walkway. It ended up getting way too crowded, that we decided to leave around 12-1230.

Like other people have said, it's a good place to start out at, but it's not a place that you'll stay all night at, unless you have a table and don't have to be smashed next to everyone else.
Nice las vegas club.. If your a chick you get to get in for free and free drinks before 12:30pm.. And guys like us get to pay $30 to get in and struggle at the bar trying to purchase a drink past all the chicks trying to get their free drinks... Lol over all the club is small and tight when filled to capacity.
This place was gorgeous. I loved the ambiance, kind of reminded me of Tao. If you're looking for a place that's lively, loud, kind of loungy but at the same time wanna have a meal this is the place to go. It's not a place you want to go to if you actually want to have conversations with people if you're a group of 4 or more. It's just too loud so you end up only talking to the people right next to you. 

Service was lousy! We were famished. We didn't even get complimentary bread until i had to ask for it 45 minutes later. It took an hour to get our food. I can understand if it's 30 minutes but 1 hour for food is long. 

The food was good! BUT the portions were MASSIVE. We ordered the pre fix menu and typically you would think the portions would be smaller if it's a pre fix but not, these portions were just over overwhelmingly huge.  The Ceasar Salad they gave us could feed 5 people and it was for one person, my rice beef balls were tasty but there were 3 big balls and i was full from just eating that. 

Now the Entree - the seabass was a good portion for one person. No complaints there and it was delish however, the other dishes, like hte chicken parmigan was the size of the entire plate. IT WAS HUGE. My friend and i were supposed to share it and we couldnt even eat 1/4 of that chicken.  Sadly that was a lot of food wasted. 

The dessert was not good! The tiramisu was like hard rolls and again the quantity was just a lot. My recommendation is don't order any pre fix menu from this place.It''ll get VERY pricey. We paid $85 per person. That's absurdly expensive, i think. I recommend just ordering the individual entrees.
This place has really earned it's four stars.

Went there the Sunday before Labor Day and was insanely impressed. The food was AMAZING and the service was perfect. Our server stopped by several times in between each meal landmark (ordering, getting the food, dessert) and if we asked anyone else for a bit of help in between, they were more than happy to help.

I plan to go back every time I visit Vegas.
This place offers a 5 star customer service. My friends and I experienced a pampered experience at this nightclub. Great customer service by all the staff including security/ hostess/ and bouncers. Great work guys!
Reviewing the club here.  

This is, hands down, the WORST club I've ever been to in Vegas.  Even if I could get in here for free (which, being a reasonably unconnected regular dude, that won't be happening), I would not.  I don't know what is wrong with the bartenders here, but when you get not one but two AMFs that taste like water, that's a BIG red flag.  

Also, the club itself is pretty darn small so it gets crowded VERY quickly.  Trying to get from one side of the club to another anytime around midnight is an exercise in futility that only the brave and flexible should attempt.  This makes it extremely uncomfortable when you're trying to do anything useful like, say, breathing.  Or moving.  Or getting away from the drunk cougar who's trying to put her hand in your pocket.  

Which reminds me, the crowd here is definitely older.  Avoid this place entirely.
just went here tonight and let me just say that it is not worth the price of admission.  i opted to have dinner here first and the food was salty beyond belief.  it was bad enough that i had to send the dish back, but they didn't even offer to replace my dish.  but they were good enough not to charge us for my dish (although a replacement dish would have been preferred).   so i had to leave hungry.   we went to the club upstairs afterwards and it was a waste of time.  the venue was TINY!  and they were obviously past capacity; it was extremely difficult to walk around, and almost impossible to order a drink.  we ended up leaving after 10 mins.  in conclusion... don't waste your time here.  there are a lot of better options in vegas.
the bf and i were looking for something to do on a sunday night and since we had free passes to lavo, and saw a bunch of hot ass women walking towards this place, we went. the door guy was fabulously nice which is rare in vegas and we had a great time here. they started off with a bunch of old school hip hop and then moved onto house when i felt like dancing. perfect. it's small compared to other clubs so it's a different experience. we already did xs on saturday so this place was perfect for a sunday night.
It's a four star club in Las Vegas. Well designed, good door service, good bar service, good music.
As a local, I am fully aware of what the Vegas night life has to offer. LAVO, unfortunately, does not bring much to the table. I have witnessed the worst service imaginable, here, and I hope that this never happens to anyone else. 

I was in a party of 9 females and 2 males at a table. We were upgraded to the VIP tables and instantly, it's as if we were being watched like dogs-- not to mention being treated as such, as well. The rather large security guard attempted to escort one of the females of my party from the club for being "too out of hand". (I know this woman and how she acts when she is drunk and I can assure you she was not.) When clubs kick girls out for being too drunk, they are supposed to document it. Her ID was not checked, her name was not written down. Not only did they fail to properly execute this, they left her outside of the casino on the street by herself at 2 in the morning. She did not have her phone, wallet, or a ride home. I'm fairly certain under no circumstances are you supposed to leave a young, single female alone on the strip at that hour, or any other time of the day for that matter. Especially if your job is to protect and ensure safety...? No one else from our party was notified or had any idea where she was. No one, not even other security guards, had any answers. It took us 2 hours to finally find her, wandering in front of the casino entrance. 

I can only imagine what could have happened if she were drunk to begin with. She could have easily been assaulted, taken advantage of, or worse. The actions of this establishment are extremely unacceptable. That is not the way you treat your guests. Mind you, we were even paying (and tipping) for our table services and alcohol. Which makes me question how they treat people who don't.

I am disgusted by this place and I will never be returning here again. I can only suggest that you do the same. You have been forewarned.
I LOVE their bathrooms! Mainly because I had to hide out in them for over 30 minutes because I had a guy follow me from another lounge here. He was starting to get so annoying and rude to the bartender and demanded attention, showing off his many black creditcards and namedropping his own name (!) all over the place. 
I was more into someone else and not him which pee'd him off more and I went and hid. Long story short: the bathrooms are FANTASTICLE! really ellegant and once you figure out how to turn on the water in the sinks you are good to go! 
The lighting in there makes even the biggest cellulite bump dissapear. 
The music is really good and the food is better. 
The bartenders are really nice people, so be nice to them people!! 

The lines are long at the club so go eat first then go upstairs. Its worth it and good pick up place if you are into little asian chickeroos.
Buca di Beppo for the hip and trendy!

FOOD: Beware before ordering that the food comes in HUGE portions!

Not sure how they decided on this concept as I never would think that people want pounds of bread, pasta and meatballs before dancing the night away at the club.  With that said, the food is pretty decent, but the atmosphere makes it a fun experience. 

DECOR/ATMOSPHERE:

Definitely not indicative of the food as you would expect the place to serve Asian fusion by its look.   Dark lighting, spacious, high ceilings and lively music make for an energetic and fun atmosphere.  Most of the clientele is the young and trendy crowd preparing for the night out.
I stayed at the Venetian last week, and got the chance to hit the LAVO club. when I was there, this place was just awesome glow in the dark theme. nice crowds,The DJ were awesome, not even a minute i got bored while inside. Want to get cheaper shots, buy them through the female waitresses. they always walk around and u can get 2 shots for $12 instead of $13 for a shot if you buy it straight from the bar in there. during weekdays, you get in for free :)
Single handedly the best Italian restaurant I have been too. The food there is amazing from the appetizers (suggest the pizza), soups (Minestrone is beyond words), entrees (you cannot go wrong here), and dessert (the zeppoli is amazing). The nightclub is small but the service and atmosphere provided at LAVO is unmatched. The TAO Group has really struck gold here.
Although we originally decided to eat here because of the convenience factor (we were staying at the Palazzo), it was probably the best meal me my friends and I had while in Vegas. 

The night started off with a great server who helped us choose a few things to share, warning us of how big the serving sizes were. And this is a rare quality to have in a server as they usually roll their eyes and get annoyed about people splitting dishes (I know... I used to serve too!)

Between 6 girls, we had 2 salads, the cacciatore pizza, spaghetti carbonara(yum!) and the spaghetti with kobe meatballs. We added a side of wild mushrooms. The bread that they bring out with cheese/garlic topping and a side of marinara sauce was UN-REAL. 

Overall, great service and food made for a great night in Vegas!
So underrated, this place.  I'm not a cute girl but I've got great friends that hook it up. So I guess I have nothing to complain about- free entrance, some free drinks (one time a all-u-can drink band) and some good music.  It's a little smaller venue but I like it like that.  So no complaints when 2 girls and 5 guys got in for free.  Thanks friends! =)
Oh Lavo you did me wrong!

I have been to Lavo a couple times now when I went to Vegas and always had a decent meal...I mean the meatballs were always amazing.

Tonight was a different story...I had the Risotto with Braised Short Ribs and couldn't take more then 4 bites before I couldn't take it anymore there was so much salt!! My feet were swelling up as I eating...

Others at my table experienced the same thing - and in the end it was quite disappointing! 

We dropped almost $500 for a meal for 6 people and left bloated and not full :(
Had a great meal here the other night .....

The weather was just about perfect (if not even just a wee bit nippy when the wind blew) and we had a table outside.  The only downfall was the silly pirate show across the street at TI.  Luckily, it only goes on for 15 minutes or so, but consider yourself warned that it gets LOUD when they are doing their thang.  

Service was prompt and our server was nice.  We especially loved him when he brought out freshly baked garlic bread.

Salads were huge and could have easily been eaten as a meal (salad #1 was a roasted beet salad and salad #2 was a chopped louie).  Entrees were chicken marsala and brick oven salmon - both totally delicious.  Oh, and the rock salt roasted potato?  Get it if carbs are your friend.  

We were too full to even entertain the dessert menu, but I'm sure they were just as great!

Lavo, we didn't try your meatballs, but maybe next time!
lavo is a good alternative to the bigger clubs in vegas like xs and tao on a friday night. the lines usually aren't too long and the cover does not cost too much. if you plan on going to the xs or tao on saturday, i would definitely suggest hitting up lavo for a less crazy night during your stay. the music here is pretty standard for vegas, they basically play a bit of everything.
One of the best restaurant experiences I've had to date. My wife booked a reservation here for our 2 year anniversary. After looking at the menu online, I initially didn't think it would be nice enough- the prices seemed too low. Once I saw the amazing Morrocan decor and noticed a DJ spinning sexy deep house music, I knew this was the ideal spot. The place feels hip and there's a great energy to the ambience and the people watching. The food is reasonably priced and the portions are HUGE! The pastas and entrees were amazing though I wasn't as wowed by the Margarita pizza.

We experienced an issue with one of our meals and the manager (Destyn) was remarkably attentive to resolve it. She asked if we were going to the club after dinner and she actually took the time to personally walk us to the front of the line.

Everything about this place is cool, but it still manages to feel approachable and friendly. I love it and can't wait to go back!
My friends and I went here for the nightclub.  There is a guestlist.  My friends and I always get in through promoters.  The place looks like a cave.  It's small...but the restroom is kind of nice with the huge sink.  The music is good.  This place also have these sofas where you can dance behind on top of it , which is fun to do with the ladies.
Excellent, will definitely be going to the location in NYC as I wont be going back to Vegas for a while. Get the meatballs!
Tuna tare tare is a a lil tuff compared to what I've had...calamari is not the greatest n the raw oysters I had better.. Asked what kind of oysters n they had no answer!
This review is for the nightclub:

Bottle service sucks because there is no separation between you and the bar/dance floor.  At 2PM they close half the place and kick my party our of our two tables to one.  That sucked.  Service was only eh..     Really really crowded on a Friday night, I did not feel safe.

Nothing special (except the decor) about this club, go across the street to the TI and go to a club with some breathing space.
We didn't feel like standing in line for hours and/or paying thousands for bottle service so we went here. We were also given cards to get in free (ladies) and discounts for the guys ($15). So, why not just go here? 

The guy at the rope (he seemed too small to be a bouncer) was unfriendly and the bouncer was annoying (I guess that's expected). He checked each and everyone of our stamps every time we passed him (to go upstairs).  We're already in the club, man!  

Music sucked. They would get me hella hyped with snippets of old school hits (Luniz, Dr. Dre, Snoop, Bel Biv Devoe, etc.). I swear, any good song was only played for 5 seconds before it was mixed with some of those stupid crunk/hyphy songs. Then, they played that shit for hours!
We went to Lavo's nightclub our first night in Vegas for something chill, and ate at the restaurant our last night to go out with a bang. 

What we got was something.. average. For all the hype and celeb appearances surrounding Lavo I was expecting a unique party scene but it was more cookie cutter and mainstream than I'd hoped. Like a really upscale Cheesecake Factory. Hopefully that doesn't come off as bad as it sounds.

We might've gone on the wrong night for the club, seeing as how we wanted something chill but still fun. But it was too chill..  and quiet? The club isn't really condusive to dancing and the DJ was just okay. But it's nice, in a dark but clean, pretty cocktail waitresses kind of way. Maybe we were the sober ones but we ended up leaving after about an hour. 

On our last night in Vegas we wanted a celebatory girls' dinner so I made reservations at Lavo ahead of time. Now, the best part of Lavo is obviously not the food. The food was okay. (My short ribs risotto tasted strongly of seafood. The spaghetti had a sauce so acidic I had heartburn the rest of the night. But the fried calamari... yes!!) It's the people watching and scene that Lavo's known for. Most of the crowd were in their 20's, but there were also a couple older folks.

One thing I loved about the restaurant was that it was a mixed crowd, and for a glitz and tits kind of place, I didn't feel uncomfortable and I doubt other people would either, given they know what to expect. There were couples in their 50's enjoying a romantic night out, a group of 15 doing the cha-cha (literally) around their table, groups in jeans and sneakers, and the staff is surprisingly unpretentious.

Lavo's a cool place and I think if you want that 'night out' vibe at dinner then it's worth going to at least once. But there isn't enough to make me want to run back.
id have to make this place one of my favorite clubs to go to... why? cause

GOOD MUSIC WINS, ALL THE TIME.  

and by good music (in MY opinion) i mean hip hop... not faux hip hop- like when youre else where and u get all excited- and they turn it into some house mix.  its not as big or lavish as the other vegas night clubs. its actually kinda small.  but the dance floor is easy to get to.. the bar is easy to get to.. the restrooms are easy to get to.  

oh and when my girl-friends and i went it was free well drinks on a friday night from 9-10..or 10-11 one of those. WIN! thank you lavo for reimbursing me all the money i lost at palazzo on the slots. 

5 stars from me.
Been to Lavo several times- it's never my final destination, but a great place to begin, get some free drinks (if you know the right people) and warm up your dancing.

One time I even got a free pair of shoes for going to LAVO! haha

The crowd is nice- but on the nights I've gone, the DJ didn't really do it for me. Me and my friend really tried to enjoy it one night, but it was TOO strange.

The decor is nice, although I'm a bit thrown off by faucets and bathroom theme. Haha... still, classy place, and if you know a promoter, then it can become a great spot to pregame or warm up before you hit another club.
LAVO was created from the creators of TAO. Where is it located? Well friends, LAVO is  located at the beautiful Palazzo Hotel & Casino! This place was the first nightclub that I started my night off in my Halloween Vegas weekend extravaganza. 

Upon arriving, I saw that there was a line formed to get inside the nightclub and another to eat at the restaurant. My best friend knew the promoter and we were on the guest list. Walking in the establishment, you entered at the restaurant. The restaurant was on the first floor and the club was on the second floor. I guess this would be an ideal combination if you were dining at LAVO and then wanted to start dancing right off the bat. Burn them calories ya'll :)!

As we walked up the stairs and through the hallway, I was a bit confused of why there were a bunch of faucets with flowing water and ice cubes that were lit up. I expected like fire or something else because LAVO reminded me of lava but then reminding me that lava means wash in Spanish and  lavo means bathe in Latin. Therefore,  I concluded that it made sense for the faucets to be there haha! :D

Supposedly LAVO overlooks the The Strip where you can see one of the  best views in all of Las Vegas. When I went, however, the place was too packed and the music, vibe and the people were not very happening. There were more people just standing and sitting down  trying to look classy than getting down on the dance floor :/.

Overall, okay place to get your pre-dancing legs on. Nice decor, okay music. If you're a lady, you'll have a shot to get in for free and get some free drinks. The dance floor is small and there are stairs you need to watch out for when walking around the club.
We had dinner at this beautiful establishment and all i can say is HOLY MEATBALLS! The three of us decided to order the kobe meatballs for dinner with a side of garlic mash. Your meal also comes with complimentary garlic bread. The meal was just heavenly. The gigantic meatballs were well flavored and moist. The sauce, is just superb. The garlic mash, was just plain good. Definitely would love to try Lavo in NYC.
The club is pretty small, and the crowd was pretty lame. Some creepers in the area! We had hookups in Vegas and particularly at this club. We got free table service, and the two people that served us were really nice, so props to them.
I had a pretty good experience here, I was celebrating my b-day here with some friends of mine. My good friend was able to comp us for practically everything that night, all we had to do was tip. We had a huge dinner; not even 7 girls could finish the amount of food that they brought us. 
There were several starters and several main dishes. The salads were great, really fresh ingredients. Some of the entrees were a little questionable. The chicken cordon bleu was salty, but the flat bread pizza was really tasty. 
We had drinks during dinner and upstairs in the club. The service for dinner was okay, it was pretty packed on a Sunday night. The dj that was playing in dining area was playing some good music, the dj upstairs played okay music, mostly radio stuff. 

Another plus was that we didn't have to wait line, we were escorted in. As soon as we got upstairs we were given more drinks... wOOh! The place was going crazy, people dancing all over the place on top of anything and everything. And for some reason two guys dressed up as Mario and Luigi started dancing, with the Mario game music as background... really random, but funny. However the biggest con is that the place is small and that Sunday was just crazy; I could barely move it was so packed. It seemed like everybody was out that night. Other than that, its a pretty good place to start your night off!
Went for dinner with a group of 8 as a way to finish our Vegas trip with a nice relaxing dinner. 

I wouldn't say the food was anything spectacular, but it was certainly good.

Appetizers:
Mussels: a little bit too acidic for my liking, but I did like the sourdough bread in the bowl

Eggplant Parm: Decent, we only got this one to please the vegetarians in our group

Prosciutto: Excellent.

Calamari: Perfectly friend and not soggy at all. The garlicy marinara was also very good

Entrees: 

I ordered the Mushroom and Chicken Ravioli. It was very tasty, a little salty for some of the others at the table.

Other entrees ordered included the Veal Parm (pretty good, but didn't come with any pasta), Short Rib Risotto (so salty it was inedible and had to be sent back), and 1 or 2 of their flat bread pizzas (definitely pass on these)

Overall, the food wasn't bad, the atmosphere was great, and the service sucked
I simply cannot get over the smell of this place...it is intoxicating.

I went to Lavo only because I had free drink coupons that i could not stand to let go unused. I found the bar a bit small compared to the overall size of the lounge/restaurant downstairs. I did not go upstairs to the nightclub...which I am sure would have had more bars.

Either way, the food is decent, reminiscent of fancy bar food. The drinks were well-made, though I can imagine them taking a hit on quality when they are busy. The good news though, since Lavo is still relatively new, there are great comps to be enjoyed (like open bar nights).
Been here twice and my second visit was a lot better experience.

Free drink bands were awesome. I downed at least 4 cocktails. 

Music was fun and I had a good time partying on a Tuesday night. Yes, TUESDAY! :D
I went here on the Thursday night before Halloween which happened to be Latin night, but I did not know that when I got approached by a bouncer. Jenna Q and I asked about bottle service and got a quick answer of $150's the cheapest for mixed couples. Oh, mixed couples like our group you mean, 3 girls and 2 guys.

We got excited to be let into a busy looking club at such a price. Until, they put us downstairs. The music was good, I couldn't complain, but it was too much of a lounge area playing old school hip hop (and not enough Vegas dunst dunst dunst dunst). So after some negotiating April P.'s bf received some apologies and also some free drink tickets, they "found" us a table upstairs. And we move, the upstairs is filled! Not a good thing, but not so bad for us because we had our own little space to privately dance in. 

I get approached by our new server and she says "Oh it's latin night, I hope you don't mind latin music mashed up with hip-hop. And what mixers did you want with the bottle?" AND NOW I GET IT... "mixed couples" meaning non latino. Shoooot at $150 a bottle, I'll take it. 

So we danced danced the night away and watched a costume contest, that can only be understood if you habla espanol. I had fun LAVO, see you again, when I next see Vegas!
The club is kind of small.  I was expecting something larger for a Vegas club.  We had a sweet central VIP table... or so we thought.  At first it was fun but when the crowd started to get larger, our VIP area kept getting invaded by strangers.  We had security but he didn't do anything!  I had to tell him several times not to let people walk through our area.  You would think only having one table to secure it would have been an easy task.  The cocktail waitresses were gorgeous and really nice.  They made sure we were having fun.  

The club was over crowded and a nightmare for getting around but it was still fun.
Lavo had quite a reputation to uphold.  Tao's European sister, it comes from the same creators of the restaurant which made the most revenue at one point out of all the restaurants at its level.

It's pretty difficult to find a stellar Italian restaurant, but Lavo comes close.  A client and I went there for dinner and we ordered a bit more dishes than we can handle because I didn't expect to come out of that restaurant with a full stomach.  This review is coming 3 months late, so bear with me.

The interior is pretty interesting.  It doesn't look like an Olive Garden (because Lavo is Sicilian based, I'll talk about this more later), and it really looks like.. a bathhouse.  The ceiling terrace is lined with Mediterranean-style bathtubs.  Moroccan lanterns fill the numerous alcoves that are located in the restaurants, and pots of water spill into small fountains in other places.  It feels as if you've been transported to Turkey itself.. if only the waiters were replaced with belly dancers wearing loincloths and sequins

I didn't remember much about the food, probably because I've eaten at other places where the establishment is very chef-driven.  Lavo seems to play its cards in the nightclub sector, so I understand its food not being up to par.  I remember ordering the carne pizza and the spaghetti with basil and tomatos, and they were both not bad.  They are worth the 20-something dollars, but I'm giving them only four stars because I definitely would like to see better food worth remembering.

Other than that, service was very nice.  Like I've said in a previous review, I like seeing a waitstaff that thoroughly knows their dishes.  Our waiter was able to describe to me that the restaurant specializes in Sicilian-style cuisine, meaning that they use more red sauces than white, and that makes sense because now that I think of it, I can't remember seeing anything pesto-based either.

You really can find better European food on the strip.  I can't write a review on Lavo based on its clubbing because I also know that there are much better clubs on the strip.  

However, if you want decent Italian food, then this place will suffice.  If not, then go to Wynn's Bartolotta- Mediterranean food from the gods themselves.
The 4 stars is for their restaurant- not their club. We had a reservation for 7 for my friend's birthday dinner. We ended up waiting for 20 minutes, and the manager apologized and brought us a round of drinks of our choice, which isn't such a shabby way to start dinner. 

The atmosphere is perfect for a group of friends or family on a special occasion- the decor, lighting, and the music is something straight out of your dreams. 

With 7 hungry girls, we shared 6 plates and a salad, with leftovers! The highlight dishes were mixed seafood linguini and rigatoni melenzana (both were so tasty! and huge portions!). I ordered the grilled swordfish which is perfect in every way- light, salty, and citrusy, but the portion is not for sharing. 

The spinach and artichoke pizza was pretty good, but not memorable, while the ravioli and spaghetti carbonara were average. 

Don't order the fries. Just enjoy the complimentary garlic bread instead.
I didn't expect ANYTHING from LAVO, so I guess that's what made it all the better. My friend and I came here for open bar, we were a bit confused of where to go so we decided to just leave until the bouncer asked us why we were leaving so soon and why we would leave if we were getting free drinks. He pointed us upstairs. THANK YOU SIR! We proceeded to the upper level of Lavo.. OHHHHH so this is where the party is at! Ah hah, so we loaded up on drinks since they were free, bartender was attentive and nice {probably since I was tipping her haha} music was definitely on point and met a few cool people. Over all experience was good but didn't really feel like a Vegas night club.
I surprisingly had my best club night Vegas style at Lavo this past Friday night. 

Located inside the Palazzo, it was easy enough for us to find since we were staying at the Venetian. A local had recommend this spot to party at, and he even got my entire party on the list. Seems to be rare, since guys pretty much always have to pay, and we were excited to spend our cover money on drinks than entry. 

The nightclub was just right on the inside. Modern in style, this place was big enough without being overwhelming. It felt very comfortable for us to post up in the middle of the dance floor and dance until they closed down... Which seems like around 4:30am.

Drinks seem to be the average going rate for Vegas clubs, which is obviously pretty high. On the upside, they definitely make a stiff drink, and it wasn't long before I was plastered. There seemed to be a much better mix of people here than at other clubs. 

Good music, atmosphere, drinks, and friends made Lavo a favorite Vegas memory to add to the bank. I will definitely be back.
Review is for restaurant, not club.

We were seated a few minutes after our reservation, which wasn't too bad. The interior is very upscale, gorgeous, and loud. The DJ was okay but not memorable. Service was very good and very friendly.

What we ordered-
KOBE BEEF MEATBALLS and SPAGHETTI: Delicious. Really great. The meatballs were soft and flavorful. Sauce was thick and hearty. The whipped fresh ricotta really pushed it over the edge too. 
MARGHERITA PIZZA: This was better than expected. Nothing too great, but definitely good. My only complaint was that it had a lot of crust. So I hope you like crust if you order this. 

GARLIC BREAD: Complimentary. Very garlicky and delicious, but a little too toasted. Almost impossible to chew.

WINE: I ordered a glass of prosecco which was delicious. 

DESSERT: Skipped it but menu looked good.

MY ONLY COMPLAINT: The tables are so close together that the waiters can barely move. They have obviously tried to make the most of the small space and it shows. I think they could stand to lose about 1/4 of the tables in the place in order to give patrons a fighting chance in case of fire or flood. ;)
Very pricey, but I have to say this was an awesome place.  Atmosphere was exceptional.  Service was great.  Menu was interesting and had many options.  We had a great time!
Two words: FREE WINE.

Every Thursday, they offer free wine from 6 - 8 pm. Just RSVP, and you're instantly granted as much free wine as you can drink for two hours. They usually have a selection of two whites & two reds - which change a bit from week to week. All you have to do is tip a dollar or so. Well, I guess it's not really required to tip - but don't be an asshole.

As far as the night club goes, it's pretty decent. They have open bar for ladies from 10 to 11 I believe? Maybe even until 12. And they make their drinks pretty strong, which for me, is always a plus. 

In comparison to other night clubs - it's nothing special. I go to Lavo, simply for the open bar. If it weren't for that, I probably wouldn't go there oo often.
CliffsNotes:  Intimate dinner settings but nothing out of the ordinary for an Italian restaurant.  If you're looking to impress a dinner date, Lavo will do the trick.  If you're looking to impress a foodie, then consider one of the many other restaurants around town.  See Craig R.'s review that sums up the rest of our group meal.  [Original Visit: November 7, 2010]
I would love to come back for the nightclub aspect of this place as the ambiance is beautiful - dark and kind of rustic yet trendy. 

This place was my fueling of choice for the half marathon and I wasn't disappointed.

Delicious complimentary garlic bread; fresh and delicious tomato/mozzarella salad, and a big yummy portion (too big to finish) of penne alla vodka. Perfect.

Our waitress was very nice and took the time to chat with us about our visit etc. The bill ended up being about $110 with tip for 2 people who shared a salad, ordered two entrees, and two drinks. Not bad! I would come back!
i love being a girl in vegas because you get hooked up left and right! started the night here with open bar from 1030-1230. the drinks were STRONG, just the way they need to be. definitely a nice space. the music was good while we were there. crowded but not too crowded. i would love to come back and dine here sometime.
As guests at the Palazzo, the wife and I got free line-jump/no cover coupons, so we just visited the club on Saturday night. Decor is sweet. Like the name implies, it's going for a bathhouse motif. Walking across a bridge with running faucets that overlooks the restaurant and up a staircase where two scantily-clad hotties in a bathtub are making out and into the club which features about 40 tables, two go-go dancers doing their thing, a moderate size dance floor and a bar area. Awesome.

A more mature, sophisticated crowd. Everyone seemed to be having a good time, I know I was. DJ played it safe and inoffensive, nothing but classic hits.

I will say that the drinks were pricey. I get that it's a club, but $19 for a gin and tonic? Really?! I haven't paid that in SF, NY, or LA, so why is Vegas charging that??) I also find it interesting that they apparently have gender-based prices: my wife and her male cousin both ordered the same beer: hers was $5 and his was $9. Huh. Never seen that before. 

Bottle service starts at around $550 and run upwards of $3k, but the table hostesses all seemed hot, friendly and they dance at the tables, so you're probably paying a bit more than usual but you're also getting more too.

But at the end of the day, I had a great time and I'd go again.
Two things that made the night:

1. There's a dancer there who dances at Lavo and Tao named Meek. She is an amazing dancer, and whenever she danced, people would totally just stop and stare. When I was washing my hands in the bathroom, she was right next to me freshening up, and I just had to say hi. Totally expecting her to be snobby, she wasn't! And when I complimented her on her dancing, she was so humble about it! 

2. The day before, we'd run into a promotor named Jesse at Tao who promised us VIP table service, and he definitely did not disappoint. My girls and I were SPOILED, and Jesse took care of us pretty much the whole night. We felt like celebrities.

My favorite part: Meeting the Canadian restaurant owner who wasn't too handsy, good dancer, sweet, AND when googled the next morning, was actually a Canadian restaurant owner. (He also told me he was a professional snowboarder. Yup, he wasn't that.)
Plain and simple: I had a food and beverage credit to use at either the Venetian or the Palazzo.  I'll admit this early on in my review, spending the credit on beverage/liquor would have been a better way to go.  We've already eaten at a decent number of restaurants between the two hotels and Lavo was one we had yet to try.

On Saturday, my friend and I looked at the menu and it seemed like something we were both interested in.  Since we were staying at the Palazzo, Lavo was convenient as we didn't have far to walk or be in too much of a rush to get ready for our events that night.

FOOD:
*Garlic Bread - Complimentary and delicious!  It was smothered with butter and tons of garlic and accompanied with a marinara sauce.  I'll admit, I didn't use the marinara sauce but I thought it was perfect without it.

*Kobe Rice Balls - YUM!  This is the first time I've ever had meat filled rice balls and I loved it.  Although the Kobe beef tasted more like ground beef, the mix of everything was delicious.  The rice balls that contained the beef in the middle had the perfect exterior crisp and placed onto of marinara sauce that had a slight kick to it.

*8 oz Center Cut Filet - No thank you - OVERCOOKED!  I ordered the filet medium rare which should come out with a pink and tender center.  Instead the filet came out medium and was dry throughout the piece of meat.  Also on the plate were roasted garlic (delicious!), some greens, and half a lemon.

SERVICE:
Our waitress was great.  She was friendly, energetic and came around several times to check on us.

One complaint, the hostesses are quiet stuck up.  As we walked through the wrong door, we were instructed to walk through to the other side.  There were about 4 hostesses standing around, none who acknowledged us right away.  One looked at us and looked away.  It took about a minute of standing there for one to finally ask how many in our party.

AMBIANCE:
Lavo is dimly lit and beautiful with their dark brown wood finishing.  On another note, there is an elevated booth on the bottom floor, if I was getting bottle service during their club hours, I would certainly want to request it!
This is a review for the nightclub, not the restaurant:

I surprisingly had a really good time at LAVO this weekend. It's pretty small, but the thing I liked most about LAVO was the music! Lots of hip hop... so if you want a change from house music (which I noticed is played in most clubs), you should swing by! 

Decor is really nice, though a waste of water, with those fountains by the walkway that overlooks the restaurant, haha. Of course, my OCD self had to turn off all the faucets when I walked by them..
I was in Vegas on a Tuesday and Wednesday night, when a lot of other clubs are closed.  My friend and I were really worried that nothing was going to be happening, and we really wanted to have a good time.  We ended up getting on the list at LAVO on Tuesday night, and we had such a good time that we decided to go back on Wednesday!  

The club is small, but not in a bad way.  Because there are not as many people out in Vegas on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, it was perfect to be in a small club because it still felt full.  There was plenty of room for us to dance, but not so much that we felt weird.  Both nights we met some great guys who allowed us to join them at their tables.  That meant that we didn't have to buy ourselves drinks, so I'm not sure how prices compare to some of the other clubs.  

Overall, we had so much fun.  We thought things were going to be pretty dead in the middle of the week, but we learned that what they say is true: Las Vegas is the city that never sleeps!
About a word "lavo", what do you think it is? Ventured on my own by myself on a Thursday night for "Seduxion Latin Night" required nothing else than to walk up to the Club Host and show my ID along with a VIP card. There was a few people on the line. But I found myself walking up stairs to a walkway lined up on both sides with lavatory sinks. Below the walkway is where the resaturant is. Possibly will dine in there in the future. The "bridge" walkway had low lighting in this area. Photo opportunity here. I got creative posing next to the sinks. There seems to be an "invitation to cleanse" to be in this nightclub with the lavatory sinks in mind. Like an old European ritual. The white sinks were exquisitely set on a low-lighted "bridge" walkway that leads to stairs and to a hallway into the nightclub. 

Along the way, naturally music started to fill my eardrums. My body molecules was "jamming" up rhythmically to the beat of latin music. Awakening my inner latina fire didn't take much long. The DJs spinning the music were enthusiastically encouraging the lively crowd to dancing with the beat. Sweeping spotlights and light effects adds to the tempo of the beat. Room was crowded. Spacious I would think when everyone else is not in this room.

It wasn't long before two friendly latin women became my sudden friends and invited me to join them with their male friends to a raised area which probably is the VIP section in the far end of the room. Several tables with black acrylic-backed sitting. Drinks in carafes and bottled alcoholic drinks were laid out on the table along with beverage wares. In this area is where a beautiful painted mural of a bathing beauty reclined on her side and undraped. A female bending over appears to give her assistance or service. Two rather lightly intoxicated ladies club patrons were dancing slightly wildly on the black raised platforms before this mural. So, the club had some rather raunchy, rowdy, 30s-40s age range club patrons. Although most patrons were well-mannered with everyone. Several bouncers constantly keeping some patrons in control courteously.

The way to the ladies' restroom was low-lighted. The comfort room had black and white Moorish Italianate style. Quite clean, with a lady attendant who was giving out paper towels dligently. 

As I like dancing, the dancefloor was filled with dancing club patrons. An expansion of the dancefloor would be a remedy, perhaps. Expect to be in very close proximity with the persons around you while dancing. Everyone was just having a good time. The crowd somehow sang-along to their favorite popular latin music whenever it's played by the DJ. The latin music was invitingly making club goers sway around to the exciting beat. Left the club singly with a latin tune still playing in my mind. Latin music can be seductive music! Seduced crowd! Seductive nights at Lavo! Lavo is a "wash" of ultra-club vibe.
not the best clubbing experience. went clubbing with my friends christmas eve and was a bit disappointed.

pros:
- service: we got a table and the servers were very attentive. every time i reached over to get a drink a server appeared and offered to make me a drink. amazing. table was kept neat and empty cups taken away often
- bathrooms were kept pretty clean. even more amazing that there werent any lines! 
- decor of the restaurant was nice... in keeping with the "lavo" theme there were old roman/greek style fountains/faucets everywhere

cons:
- music: wasnt the greatest. really hit or miss with the songs. 
- bouncers: all up on our ass on seconds. my friend was leaning over and they made her sit up saying she cant sleep. my friends and i were fooling around and dancing, and they came over and asked us to stop. its seemed like all they had to say was stop stop stop. :(
- the minute we drank all of our vodka they asked us to leave. sadness. what kind of service was that? 

would i come again? i dont think so!
Wow.  Lavo love.  This place was great.  First, big points for accommodating a last minute reservation for 15 people.  Nice big table in the middle of a energetic restaurant.  I'm sure the restaurant was beautiful too, but frankly I was so focused on the well-prepared and abundant food that I really didn't notice the decor.

We started off with some amazing garlic bread served with marinara--delicious!  And an amazing looking Kobe meatball (I don't eat meat) that easily was an appetizer for 4-6 people.  I had a terrific Heirloom Tomato Bufala Mozzarella salad with Fig Basalmic.  For my main course I decided on a carb fest and ordered a Spinach and Artichoke Pizza, with black olives and roasted garlic.  The pizza was about 5 inches wide by two feet long, could easily have served 2-3 people and lasted me well into breakfast the next day.  I also tasted their roasted chilean sea bass that was excellent as well.

The food was plentiful to be sure, but was prepared with style and finesse.  Lavo is on my list of restaurants not to miss when visiting vegas!
Rolled into Lavo right after Tao. There were a couple of good things about Lavo: No waiting in line, place to lounge, no cover, and slightly less crowded dance floor. Other than that, I was unimpressed. The dance floor was small and I still felt like a sardine, but it was definitely more bearable than Tao. 

Oh, as we were leaving, a couple of us took our shoes off cause we were in pain and I heard a bouncer make a snide comment to his colleague. Excuse me, I know it may be unsanitary and dangerous, but how about you walk around in stilettos for a couple hours? Shut up before I club you with my shoe.
I didn't eat at the restaurant but I did attend the Nightclub.  We waited outside of the restaurant on the lower level outside, they had velvet ropes designated to "Palazzo Hotel Guests (free), General Admission, and VIP."  Luckily we got there early enough (10:45) and we got in just fine.  Right as you enter you walk up a large flight of stairs and through a hallway with running sinks on both sides of  you, then another flight of stairs which leads to the actual nightclub.  As you enter, the full bar is directly in front of you with VIP tables surrounding it, and to the right is the dance floor, and more VIP tables.  The ambiance of LAVO was amazing.  Nice and dark, and the DJ (DJ Vice) is the best Vegas has to offer especially on Sunday Nights! Drinks are cliche Vegas Nightclub prices ($10 per shot/beer, $15 per mixed drink), which wasn't a problem because they were all pretty strong.  Overall excellent experience, and although the Nightclub is quite small, it has one of the best DJs in Vegas and an affluent clientele.
pros: free entry for girls and open bar from 11-12 and guys got in for 10 dollars and also got a free drink card so pretty much it equaled out.

cons: bartenders are bitches and make shitty ass drinks :( and dance floor is ridic. music is kinda crappy in the beginning.. a lot of lady ga ga crap  and old school hip hop. =/ they started spinnin some house / electro music around midnight.. i personally did not like how the club is upstairs. i didnt like walking up all those stairs in my high heels =( and then walking all the way down again. fml
Solid club. Good crowd and great DJ. 

Drinks are fairly expensive but no more than any other Vegas club.
I LOVED it!!!!!!  Went with my Girls on New years day.
The line was basically non existent. We stood in line for like 3 minutes- NO COVER. and when we got in, they put these yellow wrist bans on us and told us open bar till 11:30 :-)

The DJ was GREAT!!!!
Most Vegas clubs are Techo and Dance or House music... but this one played Hip Hop, Rap, Oldies, Salsa, Reggae and Reggaeton-- All without speeding up the beat and making it sound like House music. 
So if you need a break from the average Vegas DJ- this is a great spot where you can do the stanky leg, dougie, walk it out, do the beyonce bounce, get your suavemente salsa on, groove to some Prince and drop it like its hot to some snoop dog. and much much more! lol

The crowd was mixed.. mostly 21-30. And the night I went ( January 1,2011) everyone was being really friendly and was attractive looking. I remember randomly making friends with these random girls. lol. And the guys were very sexy, respectful, nicely dressed and could dance! 
The DJ had us falling in love. lol

The atmosphere has an upscale appearance. what you would expect from the Palazzo. Had a cool entrance with these "sinks"lol and a classy restaurant downstairs.They had go-go dancers and these two girls sitting on top of the bar in "roman" costumes "looking sexy" lol. they just sat there and tickled  each other with feathers (BEST JOB ON EARTH-- can i get an application?) lol

There were places to sit for those who chose not to splurge on the bottle service. 
So if you get tired of dancing just grab a seat by the bar, or on the stage, or on a random go-go dancer platform. lol

I met this SEXY Puerto Rican guy and he was my dance partner for the night, so i may be bias. lol. but overall this club was GREAT!

If you are in Vegas to dance the night away and have a blast LAVO is the place for you!
If you dont like hip hop or you cant dance, then go to Ghostbar or PURE . lol
(also good clubs)
This review is for the nightclub. 

Venue: is pretty small and cramped...I'd say this would be a good place to pre-party before heading to other clubs. They had open bar from 11-12 when I went. There isn't much space to move around, and people are constantly spilling drinks everywhere. Getting from one point to the other is insanely difficult due to the small space. The tables are close together and barely even visible in the crowds. The crowd is mediocre, although the guys I met were more than willing to buy girls' drinks. I went on a Tuesday night and found it way too crowded for comfort. Find a promoter to get you in for free--I wouldn't pay to get in here.
The guest list line was OUT-THE-DOOR when we got here at 11pm.  Because of that, I stepped out of line to find something to snack on and subsequently missed when they were handing out wristbands for the guest list people.  Fail moment.  Fortunately, the men holding the list gave me a wristband no questions asked.  Thanks!

Came to LAVO on a Tuesday night (yehyuh) with my girls.  No cover charge for us so we used our open bar privileges and ordered 3 Long Islands and an AMF.  The bartender made these 4 drinks all at once, and so quickly.  She was definitely hasty because my drink was much stronger than the rest!  

I was really feeling the music the ENTIRE night (and I'm usually critical of DJs).  This DJ threw down some favorable beats with good mixing; I danced for an hour straight at one point.  We were showered with foam at points in the night.  Foam gets stuck in your hair and stings your eyes if you look up!  

The dance floor was petite compared to others that I've been to.  You know when the dance floor is small when you keep running into the SAME guys throughout the night.  It gets crowded, for sure.  

The ladies room was next to the coat check area & the line was minimal at the restroom!

At the end of the night, I realized that I dropped my driver's license somewhere on the dance floor. :(  The rest of my trip would have sucked without it.  I talked to a bouncer, who calmed me down and gave me tips to contact the lost-and-found.  The club recovered my license and I was able to pick it up the next morning.  I am forever indebted.
Restaurant:
We had to wait about thirty minutes for a table even with a reservation (but after 20 minutes I went back asking how much longer) and they without a question just gave me two free drinks for waiting.  My friend and I had great specialty drink cocktails.  We had calamari for an appetizer-large portion and totally worth it.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass and my friend had an Eggplant Pasta dish which was also very tasty.
I am not impressed. The place is quite very small for a Vegas nightclub. There were advertisement on free drinks. They fail to tell you that it's selective drinks... and although you have a bracelet to get in for free the bouncer tries to charge you. So booo!! me no like... bad service, small club, alright music, and drinks were poor.
Very popular place. The food and decor were great, but the music was at such a volume I'd either dine here on a Tues. when the club is not popular, or go to their dance club on a Sat. instead of trying to dine here late on a Sat. night like we did. The service was wonderful too, quick and attentive. Some portions are huge too. If you order the chocolate rolled cake with toasted marshmallow sauce it's big enough to feed a table of 6-8 people!
The food was out of sight.  The bread with the marinara is to die for!  My chicken marsala was one of the best I have tried.  The fried haricot verts and zuchinni strings were the bomb too.  The music was a bit loud as far as ambiance, otherwise I felt the service and portions were great.  Would go again.
4 stars for the restaurant, not the club. =P got a comped dinner here with a bunch of my girlfriends during the week. while we were waiting for our table, we got hooked up with a bottle of grey goose. to be honest, we didn't really know what to expect with the dinner. there was a pre-fixed menu...a little bit of everything. roasted beet salad, vodka penne, margarita pizza, chicken parmasan, french fries, garlic bread....i'm sure i'm forgetting something but the spread was BOMB. service was great and he was a cutie. =)
Excellent food.  Great Service.  Don't miss the meatballs.  Nice Bar, but not really a "nightclub", pretty small.
This review is for the nightclub. Came here on a Sunday night for the open bar. It went from 11pm-12, and we met up with our promoter outside the club. There was quite a line outside, but he was able to walk our group of girls in for free. There aren't many clubs open on Sundays in Vegas so LAVO was great for pre-party.

The club is upstairs and really pretty. The walkway is lined with these water fountain-like things, very classy and chic. Having only gone to Surrender at the time, LAVO seemed amazing and very well-decorated. 

Compared to other clubs like XS, LAVO is a bit small, especially the dance floor. It was already packed before 12am. I enjoyed the music though, and the crowd seemed a little younger. The drinks from open bar were pretty watery, but the cocktail waitresses were really hot. 

Bottom line: come here for the open bar. Maybe dance a little.
This is a review only for the nightclub.

We came on a Wednesday night and had arranged for the guest list ahead of time.  We got there around 10:30 and one of the promoters arranged for us to go in the restaurant and get free drinks before the club opened (essentially free bottle service, but there were a number of girls there already so we didn't get to sit).  Once the club opened, the promoter walked us into the club, got us free cover and open bar wristbands.  He even offered to arrange for us to get on the guest list for Tao the next day, but unfortunately we were leaving town then.

If I ended the review here, I'd still give this place 5 stars.  This club knows how to treat girls!

The decor is really beautiful, classier and cleaner looking than Pure (the only other Vegas club I have to compare with).  We got basic cocktails with our wristbands.  The ones I tried were really tasty, but expensive if you're not getting them for free (but really, what else can you expect?)  The bartender we went to was fast, attentive and very cute :D

There were a surprising number of places to sit down, unlike other places where you can only sit at tables you've reserved.  Nice when you're on your second night dancing in 4-inch heels.

It is true - the dance floor is small, but I found it way more fun than the one at Pure (which is huge).  The floor was packed almost immediately after the club opened up, which I really like.  I hate that awkward first hour when all the guys are too shy to go dance and the only people on the floor are couples and groups of girls.  The lighting is phenomenal and there's a chandelier that shoots out foam every once in a while.  I thought the music was good too - mostly Top 40s and Hip Hop, and well mixed in my opinion.    

The only downside is that this place seemed to cool off at around 1:30 - 2am -- a little early for my taste.  

I'm pretty sure this is the only major club in Vegas that's open 6 days int he week, so you don't really have an excuse not to go!
Fire hazard and a shithole to boot. Was there over july 4th weekend, and the club was so dangerously overpacked that people would have probably died if any sort of fight or fire broke out there. We ended up having our table moved downstairs after the host tried to put us in a broom closet sized table for 8 of us. 

XS made this place look like a dump.
Not that great, the venue and dance floor is extremely small and can easily get very crowded on weekends. The DJ was quite untalented, pretty much sat in the front letting a CD play as he did nothing. Good bar though, ladies on most nights get free mixed drinks for an hour.

Overall I would not come back. XS, Marquee, and Rain is where it's at.
Still not a fan of LAVO nightclub. Went here for our comped drinks and danced for a bit and left. The dance floor is very small and doesn't compare to the energy you'd find elsewhere. There's not much going on here, nextttt.
This place was way too small to even be a nightclub and the vibe was not right! There was a mixture of all kinds of people and people of even different ages were in this club and most of my friends were not feeling like this was a good club at all. The music was wack, the drinks were wack, and the gogo dancers were not dancing sexy at all. Arent gogo dancers supposed to be super hot and sexy?
Restaurant:
I DID NOT have a good experience at all. I went there on a saturday night after watching Phantom of the Opera. The waiter did not seem to have time for us. He didn't bring the bread as promised. The runners, and waiter didn't have enough time to refill our water glasses. I ordered spaghetti, and didn't expect it to be "el dente". I don't like el dente. It should have at least stated that on the menu, unless by default higher end restaurants only serves el dente, then it's my fault for not knowing. I did my part to make it a perfect night for my girl friend and chose Lavo restaurant expecting them to do their part to keep it perfect. 

I still didn't get my freakin bread after we almost finished our dinner. I see other tables received their bread before or with their entrees. For some, their bread basket might be late late, but at least the bread came for them LOL. Basically, everyone else got theirs. So what did I do? I asked for the bread, and got it 10 minutes later, after I had one bite left with my dinner. Instead of eating it, I just left it sitting there untouched. One of the runner guys asked if I wanted the bread to go, and I just dogged him. I wanted that waiter to know that he fucked up, he wasn't paying attention, and he should learn not to redirect blame to others who are not directly responsible for his table. And to make him and his food runners do the job that they're supposed to do and provide the complimentary bread as they should to all their patrons.

I wouldn't have mind if the waiter acknowledged his oversight. I would have dropped the whole bread ordeal. But he acted dumb, "oh you didn't get it yet. But I told them to bring it out". Yes, we didn't get it. Had you paid attention you would have noticed that a long time ago when you walked past our table a few times before our entrées came out.

I used to wait tables at a high end Japanese restaurant, and that line was complete BS.

Oh, the Chicken ravioli wasn't bad.

Nightclub:
Sucked.

I should have stuck with my original plan to dine at Tao restaurant and attend Tao nightclub. But I've been there many times already and thus, I wanted to try out Lavo. Big Mistake.

However, the Palazzo is still one of my favorite hotels to stay at. I'll just never dine or attend Lavo Restaurant/Nightclub again.
I really had high hopes for Lavo. Looking at their menu online beforehand, I liked pretty much everything I saw.

I started out with the Kobe Riceballs. They were severely lacking in flavor. Next was the Chicken Parm. I was expecting something along the lines of the best Chicken Parm I've ever had for $26, but it was no better than the $10 special at my local pizza shop. Way too much cheese and way too little sauce. At least the gelato for dessert was good.

The highlight of the meal was probably the excellent bread with marinara sauce that was served shortly after I sat down at the table.

Wait staff was excellent and attentive. Clientele was all over the age spectrum. My older neighbors at the adjacent tables were friendly and talkative.

I was offered a hand-stamp for some kind of VIP entry to the club that night, but declined as I am not really into the whole  "wait in a line for an hour to pay $20 for the privledge of entering a sardine can to buy $15 drinks" thing.
It's beautifully decorated, but the wait is painful even with reservation.  Never waited less than 30 minutes with reservation no matter how small or big our groups are.  The meat ball is one of their signature dish, the shrimp cocktail is probably the less impressive dish.  The meat ball is flavorful, juicy and very tender.  Most dishes are on the oily side.  The size of the dishes are huge, so we usually share.  Besides the wait to be seated, its not a bad italian restaurant.
I came on a Saturday night, and for once, I didn't actually look at Yelp reviews beforehand so I didn't know what to expect. I just came because some friends of friends were all into this place. At first, I was like, wha?? entree = club admission? What kind of decent, respectable place does THAT? And my mind was confused as it did not match the flashy style of previously-mentioned friends of friends.

So a bit reluctantly but also curious, I went. Inside, I would describe the restaurant as dark and lusty. Yes, I said lusty. This is Vegas after all. Anyway, we were able to sit in the front bar portion without a reservation which was nice since it was a last minute thing. 

The menu items don't actually sound that appealing to be honest. Rather plain, ho-hum descriptions. But when we ordered, my god, the portions were HUGE! I must've missed something about family style, but lordy, you could've fed a whole village of my ancestors. So of course, we ordered WAY too much food. But my favorite dish was the beet salad. I wish I lived closer to you, beet salad. I'd totally order you again and again. I also got a lobster bisque - too salty for me though, and a little creamier than I like. We had the risotto with short ribs which was sorta the oddity on the menu (one of these kids is doing his own thing). The waitress told us it wasn't ordered a lot, but I still wanted to try it. It was good, not the best. One of my friends loved it, but I probably wouldn't order it again. We got the meatball - tasty and the size of a softball. Then there was a veal dish that I didn't try. But back to you, beet salad. You were the best beet salad ever. Perfect balance of beets, goat cheese, greens, candied nuts, etc. 

So I was about to roll over from being so full, but I love dessert so I ordered the bread pudding. Again, a huge portion shared by about 4 main people, and 4 supporting cast. It was yummm-my. A keeper. 

Then onto the club part and time to work off the billion calories just consumed. The waitress stamped our hands. We wandered around inside The Palazzo a little, then headed back to Lavo for the club portion. It was a little chaotic around the entrance/elevator, but the stamp allowed us to enter without waiting or paying. Big plus. Up the elevator, to the club. It's not very big, and all the tables are reserved with bottle service. Annoying because as a girl, you just want to have a place where you can sit or put your purse, coat, etc. Anyway, we danced but the place soon got VERY crowded, the DJ was just alright, and again, the fact that you can't really sit anywhere around the dance floor was a negative. So we left to meet up with a friend who was at the circular bar in the Palazzo casino. Honestly I had just as much fun, probably more, in the casino bar. 

In the end, Lavo's food was a pleasant surprise, I didn't care much for the club, and I'd consider going back but it wouldn't be my first choice. I did like the casino bar though. I'd go there :)
I actually went to Lavo, located inside the Palazzo, by myself. I did not dress up. I wore jeans, a tee, and a hat. I was the only girl not in a bubble dress. If one dressed as a gangster or gun moll they could drink from an open bar open till 12am. The club opens at 11pm, so you'd get an hour of free drinks if you were first in line. I saw not one person in line dressed up for the theme except employees. I do not know what gangsters and gun molls from the 1920's have to do with bombshells and Burlesque. Someone at Lavo marketing didn't do their research, mixing the 1920's with the 1940's and 1950's doesn't really make much sense. I think I was the only one there that noticed it though. 

The night's entertainment was to be The Cheeky LaLa's. I feel like I'm pretty aware of most Burlesque performers and troupes but, I had not heard of The Cheeky La La's before. So I did a Google search and couldn't find a thing on the troupe before I went to Lavo. 

The DJ for the night did not play theme appropriate music, it was then same old hip-hop and house they play at every other club. I made my way to the bar to get a beer. They were serving "Burlesque cocktails" for their themed drinks and for the open bar. The two cocktails were 'Blood and Sand' and 'Clover Club'. I get naming a drink 'Clover Club' on Burlesque night, but 'Blood and Sand'? 

The bartender was great and super friendly. He asked my name and remembered it the whole night. I told him I was there to write about the night's event and The Cheeky La La's for The Las Vegas Burlesque Blog. I was kind of uncomfortable, being that I was there alone and in jeans and a tee, and felt I had to explain myself. He bought me my beer, he must of thought I was a real writer. He shared with me the Cheeky La La's were to hit the stage around 1230 or 1. 

For the hour and a half I stood around waiting to see The Cheeky La La's perform I took in the whole club and watched. I saw some pretty amusing stuff. Every time a party that had bottle service ordered a bottle of champagne, in addition to their bottle service, the music would change, lights were flashed, and the bottle was delivered to the table in some amusing manner. I saw Superman, held up by security to give the illusion of flying, present a bottle. I watched a lot of ass grabbing and dirty dancing on the dance floor. The club had go-go dancers on boxes raised up from the dance floor. I've go-goed for events before, but not like these girls go-goed. These dancers popped and clapped their "booties", and most of them were chewing gum.
Had a great time here with a group of about 15 people.  A little bit difficult getting everyone in as we had a male/female ratio close to 50%. The place is nice, drinks are expensive, and the clientele was pretty much like you would expect at a club in Vegas.

I do have one complaint though, and to me, it's a big one (thus the 3 star rating). The DJ was bad. Best example of this is that I heard the same four Bon Jovi songs (or partial songs, I suppose it was a Bon Jovi mix) about 6 times in the 3 hours we were there. The first time was awesome, the second time was still fun, but after that, we were all thinking "Are you fucking kidding me?" Don't get me wrong, I love Bon Jovi, but it was excessive and took away from the experience.

I hope this was a fluke. I'll probably check out Lavo again next time in Vegas, but I'll be outta there pretty quick if I hear Bon Jovi on repeat...
Got in for free since we stayed at the Venetian.  Pretty convenient since we just prepartied in our rooms and came downstairs to dance.  

They played awesome music the whole night and the service was pretty good (bouncers were polite).  Only gripes were that the boys were just sooooo grabby.  They figure that since they got a booth and give you a drink, they have the rights to touch you.  Ummmm, no.  

 I just enjoyed the music, danced the night away, stayed close to my friends.  I would go here again if it was free.
We chose Lavo because we wanted to try the food and the club.

The food is great.  The meatballs are great.  The appetizer is considerably over priced though.  I ordered the spaghetti carbonara.  It was excellent.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and it was loaded with tasty bits of meat.  Our server was knowledgable and very friendly.

I was surprised how much i liked the club.  Eating dinner there allowed us to skip the line and go directly in.  That is always a nice touch.  It is smaller than many of the newer clubs in Las Vegas, but it works.  The music mix is good.  The drinks are expensive, but right in line with most of the better clubs.
This review is for the restaurant.

Knowing where to eat on the strip can be an adventure or a tragedy.   Littered with celebrity chefs named facilities, there are more names dropped here than at the end of a movie. Italian dishes are the affair, one which there is no need to cheat on, because it's good fare.  Sure some celebrity chef named Ralph Scamardella builds a menu that is tasty, but you don't come here just for the food. 

You come here for the incredible atmosphere, you come here because the servers in the bar side are basically supermodels, and you come here to have a great time.
I liked Lavo however, I thought it was quite small. Girls were free and we got comp drinks till midnight (guys paid $10 cover). I love the music there but the dance floor is small. I would definitely go again though. 
When we went in (during December) I met a lot of cool people...
Restaurant - incredible.  Meatballs were amazing and service was great.  Funny enough, the music going in the dining room was better than in the club later that night!  Definitely get the oreo dessert!  Recommended.
So bad!  There now. Everything is over salted.  Meatballs okay. Overall = LAME
This is for the restaurant. 

Went here for the second time. First time was hit and miss, with the music way too loud to carry on a conversation and terrible service. But the food was good so we decided to give it another go. This time, everything worked out great. Music was at a reasonable level. Temperature very pleasant. Server was fantastic. Garlic bread tasty but a little crunchy. Appetizer Kobe rice balls, a little dense for my taste but very flavorful. Appetizer clams oreganato fantastic...hot, clams perfectly cooked with a nice toasted breadcrumb topping, great garlic sauce...I wanted to lick the plate.  My wife had the penna ala vodka...just o.k. We don't mind el dente, but her penne took el dente to a ridiculous level. And it was undersauced. Spaghetti and Kobe meatballs...delicious. Gelato for dessert...the chocolate was awesome, caramel good and vanilla bean o.k. Portions are large and priced reasonably.
This review is for the club.

We were a group of six guys who came here on Friday night. We had arranged bottle service with a host called Roman and there was only a one bottle minimum which was nice (some of the bigger clubs would make you buy two or more bottles for a group of 6 guys). We ended up getting two anway but it was nice that it wasn't required to get a table.

I have been to the club at Lavo a few times and have always had a good time. Its a bit small and doesnt have the visual wow factor of a place like XS but the music is always good and I have always found the guys at the door to be way more courteous than at other clubs. 

This time we got bottle service and our contact at the club, Roman, was really a class act. He got us in promptly, and checked in on us to make sure we were happy. He even texted a couple times (including the next day, yes for real, he texted the next day to say he hoped we had a good time.. easy to do but i've never had a host do that before). When I texted him later that night to ask if he could get a friend in who was late he replied in moments saying it was no problem. My friend took a long time showing up and Roman took the initiative to check with me if he had showed up or not. All pretty basic stuff, but again I've rarely seen the host so on top of things.

The service here was so much better than how we got treated the next night at Marquee. I think in the future when I come to vegas I will avoid the newest club and go with a classic. I think of places like Tryst that way and I'm adding Lavo to the list. Seems like a sure thing.
I have never been here for the club portion, but came here for Dinner on a couple of recommendations.

On with the review!

So I came here for a date with the special lady because I really wanted to get some good food and I figured I would give Lavo a try.  So the best thing about this meal for me were two things: the garlic bread that is fresh baked and served with marinara sauce, and the DAMN KOBE MEATBALL.  Both were so freaking good.  I had most of the garlic bread myself and had to fight off my lady with a butter knife for it.  The sea bass and tiramisu are pretty good too, but most definitely come for the garlic bread and stay for the meatball.

On a side note, their in-house cocktails are really really good.
I did not stay for the club but I had dinner and I really enjoyed it.  The food was awesome and the service was exceptional.
The only one meal in Vegas worth Yelp'ing home about! (Although i did write reviews for all the others too). 

I really enjoyed their pasta, interesting environment and decent service. But most importantly, a decent meal!!
Excellent service and cool room.  Cocktail and wine list is creative and they execute well.  Very interesting offerings.  The Sea Bass rocked, the garlic bread that comes with dinner was great.  Dessert and espresso were fantastic.  Worth going for dinner!
One of my favorite lower key spots in town. Everyone's all about PURE, Palms and TAO, which are fine. Like that this is a bit more highbrow, pretty chill if you go VIP or during a slow time. Darren Criss recently rolled in for his 24th birthday. Ahi tuna carpaccio and Ketel One stuffed bleu cheese dirty martinis are impeccable; dessert's are killer too.
Disclosure:  I did not pay a cover for this place nor did I pay for a single drink.  Nor did I have food.  The only thing I can comment on is the club upstairs with no consideration of its prices.

Clubs in Vegas all seem the same to me.  This particular place does not stand out.  The dance floor was decent sized, but not huge.  There are multiple levels of platforms with about 50% of the club walled off for "VIP."  The problem with this club is mainly that there is no place to sit.  You have a dancefloor, some VIP couches, and a second platform with more couches.  That's it.  I mean, what if you want to have a meaningful conversation?  LOL.  Like that happens in Vegas.

The crowd: Lots of people.  All ages, shapes, sizes, races.  A lot are drunk.  Most are friendly.  Bonus points for having a 5'9"-model-who's -a-former-starting-shortstop-at-Arizona-State hanging around.  Negative points for having bouncers cockblock her from my 6'3" friend by walling her off in the VIP area.  Sigh.  Such is life.
Been to LAVO twice now. Its a decent dance club, but no where close to being as nice as Xs. We got in free this time because we were staying at the Palazzo, otherwise we would've gone to Xs, plus she got a free drinks wrist band.

My problem with the club is that by midnight the dance floor is packed so you'll have some elbows in your back if you're not careful. Also there's not outdoor patio, as you'll have to go back downstairs to the restaurant or exit the club to get any fresh air. Also the coat check is like in the very back of the club which is pretty inconvenient if you ask me.
My friend and i only went to the restaurant, not the club because it was a Monday night. I do have to say that this was the best meal I think I have ever had; just absolutely amazing!!! I wish there was a LAVO where I lived. Our server and other helpers were incredibly nice as well.
I'm giving the place three stars as an average of all the times that I've been here. Sometimes the place is a two star mess (like when Fergie hosted NYE and couldn't count) but other times it's been a lot of fun (my most recent visit in December was pretty decent).
Holy meatballs batman!!!

Yes. Their meatball was the size of my face. And I enjoyed every bite. Nom nom nom nom nom. We got the ricotta one. Delish!  I actually gave up being a vegetarian because of one glance at that bad boy. No joke.

The rest of the food was great. They give out garlic bread with marinera sauce which was heavenly on its own. I got the braised rib special which pretty much melted in my mouth. The bottle of wine we ordered did not disappoint. Much better quality than the LAVO in nyc. The service was exceptional. My only complaint would be the creamed spinach. Gross. Took one bite and left it there. So really I'd only give it 4.5 stars. Hint hint yelp, let's get working on the star ratings.
this place is tiny and dark. we came here for a drink and to check out the club early on a saturday night (around 11-12). the lemon drop we ordered was good but the vodka soda i ordered was gross. from the bar or lounge downstairs you see the club upstairs (and possibly up some girls's skirts!).

to get to the club upstairs, they offer to transfer your drink from a glass to a firm plastic cup. they did this flawlessly. so i schlepped upstairs (like three or four flights i think) in my heels to walk around a tiny, cramped club. the dance floor is SMALL. each time the dj played a song and i was getting into it, he would switch the song. one song would be on for less than a minute before he changed it. kinda annoying.

the bathroom is incredibly dark. i couldn't see myself at all to touch up. they had a ton of different soaps. heyyy, i just now get the connection (i.e. "lavo" means "i wash" in spanish. i suppose this explains the running sinks that flank the hallway on the way from downstairs to upstairs). 

too dark. too many stairs. small dance floor. bad drink. we bounced after like 20 mins. i am not coming back.
I hate this place. It is way too small. You can't move a MUSCLE. They let too many people in. Just stay downstairs and order some food. Seriously.
Hot and lovely. Long line and unfriendly door staff.
This "club" was relatively weak, especially or Las Vegas. The DJs were playing music that hasn't been popular for a few months, there were way too many guys on the dance floor, and the service staff was completely unprofessional.
This nightclub wasn't too bad, but the music didn't really suit my taste. There was the occasion song here and there that I knew of, but there were also a few that I have never heard of before. The dance floor here is a little crowded, so you tend to really get pushed and stepped on by others. When I went there was a slight confusion about which line we had to get in, because we were on the list and we were staying at the hotel. In the end we had to wait quite a while to get in.
As a nightclub in Vegas, LAVO is pretty poppin' on a Friday night!!! The first time I came here was about 2 years ago, it sucked and a lot of the reason is because of the crappy music they played. Nowadays, it's hard to find a Vegas spot that DOESN'T play house music and really though, I just wanna be able to hear familiar music that I can easily sing & dance to. House is just not my cup of tea! This second visit to LAVO definitely changed my opinion about it. Music was Top 40's, rap, & hip-hop with occasional house music every now & then, but hardly ever. Have I fallen in love and have plans to frequent this place in the future? DEFINITELY.

With a friend's hook up from a promoter, we got in pretty quickly around 11pm w/ no cover, the ladies got free drinks until 11:30 with wristbands, & me & my party got our drank on. Though we had plans to only stop by here for a bit for free drinks and head on out to another club, we ended up staying here & literally danced the night away til 3am! Yes, LAVO isn't the most gorgeous club nor spacious with places to sit if you don't have a table (which is why I didn't give the 5th star due to it getting extremely hot and crowded!), but it's got the lounge feel and a dance floor that's decent enough for you to get your groove on. If you're looking for something lowkey, this is the spot. 

Thus, for anyone that's staying at the Palazzo/Venetian, check this place out since you can go to the concierge and get your name on the guest list. Or even if you're just looking for a chill place with music you can sing and dance to without having to think to yourself, "how do I dance to this music??" (sorry yall, that's what house music does to me...), do come here! I hear some nights are salsa nights and what not, but call ahead to ask if music is your concern. DJ VICE also spins on a few Sundays and they have celebs every now and then that host parties. LAVO, it's worth a try...even if you have to come twice to love it!
I had a table the other night for my friends 30th and from the moment we walked to the door, we were well taken care of.   We got to our Table and it was located in the corner by the upper bar which I actually prefer.  Our cocktail waitress was amazing all night!  She was super nice, made good/strong drinks and made sure crowd control was a high priority.  The two tables on either side of us decided to pack in about 20 people on a 2 bottle minimum and management picked up on this.  They quickly rectified the situation and it was back to comfy seating after that.  I have been to many clubs and have never seen them act so quick when someone is trying to exploit their table agreement.  (2 bottle min for 6-7 guests and then 20 people show up at the table after they have been seated)   This alone will assure future business from me.
I've only eaten dinner here, I have not gone to the club, so if you want a club review, read another review.

Dinner here was perfectly adequate for an Italian restaurant, however it was nothing special.  Price wise, I would say that this place is rather overpriced, as I don't feel the meal we had was worth it.  Also, the waiters can be kind of iffy, which I felt was a shame.

The portions are large, but not family style large.  My cousin and I split two appetizers and one main and were plenty full.  Decent wine list, but I would actually expect something better for an Italian restaurant on the Strip.

Overall, was perfectly fine, but nothing special.  I'd say save your money and go elsewhere.
This is for the club part of Lavo! Industry night Tuesdays! Got wristbands for open bar. Really took advantage of that! Haha slow at first, but picked up as we were leaving. Smaller than other clubs, but definitely hella fun. 
The place to be on a Tuesday night.
Didn't spend a dime = awesome night.
LAVO is pretty small for a Vegas nightclub.

We got there pretty early because a promoter told us if we got there early, he could give us wristbands to drink for free from 11-12. (Ladies only.) Hey, it was a good deal.

Once we were inside, off to the bar we went.  For one hour.  

Like I said, the place was small and there was only one dance room.  They played good top 40 (it was a Sunday) though.  I liked being able to stand up on the surfaces above the booths to dance.  

The decor is supposed to be that of a bathhouse.  I don't know what a bathhouse is but it looked nice.

All in all, Lavo was a solid club.  My main complaint is just the size. It wasn't my favorite but if someone suggested going again, I would be down and would have fun.
A friend and I decided to grab some quick appetizers after work because I was about to eat my shoe. I had heard the lobster bisque was very tasty at LAVO and it just happened to be down the way from me...so off we went. 

My friend was super boring and just had a crown and 7...I on the other hand went for broke (yet again) on the calorie meter.I started with one of their signature cocktails called the Lavolini. It was a yummy and somewhat tart mixture of prosecco, St. Germain (so good) and passion fruit puree. Of course I ordered the soup which was bloody fantastic with a sherry mascarpone creme. Very decadent and so yummy. Next course was a Kobe beef carpaccio with an arugula salad, pepper corns, parmesan and black truffle oil (you know I LOVE all things black truffle). It was heaven...so flavorful and again very rich. 

Steven, the bartender, was lovely. He brought us out some garlic bread but I could only tackle one piece before I waved the white flag of surrender....BUT just for giggles I wanted to look at the dessert menu...and there I spot it....FRIED OREO ZEPPOLES with a vanilla malt on the side. I dug deep inside myself and made some extra room in my tummy for this dessert gift from God. It was one of the best desserts that I have EVER had. Plus I ordered the Noce dessert cocktail with Nocello, Godiva chocolate liqueur and vanilla vodka. Perfect ending to a wonderful meal. My friend and I couldn't finish the oreos so we shared the wealth with the ladies next to us who were drooling over them. So fun when you meet new people. Thank you LAVO, Steven and Nicole...we will be back soon.
Can you say clusterf***? Totally packed dance floor (went on a friday night), some chick pushed my friend for no reason, and small to boot. Lame, period.
Lavo- came here on sunday and the crowd was late 20's and up. This place is pretty small but for a sunday it is really crackin. Barely have space to walk around and get around the dance floor BUT i love this place. Good crowd of people on sunday and good music. This place really topped my weekend at vegas. From what i have heard LAVO and Vanity are really good places on sunday.
Nice beautiful place. The food was okay.
Appetizers: Calamari, Beet Salad, and Lobster Bisque - total recommend
Entrees: Penne ala Vodka and Penne Seafood Alfredo was under cook.
When I spend $200+ dollars on a meal, I expect everything to be perfect...not the case!  They burned the garlic bread, and their calamari was of poor quality (lots of squid bodies, not enough meaty rings).  I cannot even remember what I had for the main-course (and Valentine's day meals are usually memorable for me).  The food is priced entirely too high considering the quality and it was just not worth the money.  Overall I say meh...the service was great but that's about it.
went here with a group of friends and we were able to catch the open bar, so the girl's in our group was pretty happy with that. This place isn't the best and it's not the worst!

if you're looking for a small & chill clubs, this is probably your best bet.
This review is just for the nightclub on Sunday. WAHOO! What a fun time. The music was pumping, the crowd was fun, the drinks were strong and the company was fantastic. Rob, the VIP host, was wonderful and accommodating. The only bad part was I was exhausted and couldn't fully enjoy my surroundings (my friend practically had to prop me up at the bar). It was probably the best time I have had out and about in a long time. Will be back soon when I don't have mommy duty the next day. Cheers and thank you Rob :)
Ok...its probably looking like I frequent this place a lot. I actually don't but a bunch of friends have been in town recently and they all want to go here. Go figure. 

This time it was for my co-worker/friend Nicole's 22nd birthday. We received a comp dinner and free admission into the club.....ahhhh...the pluses to being a girl in this town. The food was delightful....fancy bar food...which I adore. The calamari and the flatbread pizza were the highlights. We also received a comp cocktail tree full of shots...it tasted like baybreezes and a cocktail (I had the Pompeii...Bacardi o, pineapple, grenadine and I think Malibu was in there as well...very tasty) . Our server was lovely and fun to chat with...plus his glasses were cool.

We roll into the club and we had to wait for about 5 minutes because we had some guys in our group. The bouncers looked visibly stressed (I guess the IBM convention guys didn't know how to behave at a nightclub). One bouncer was a bit rude to my friend because he didn't have a sport coat on...but he was one of the hottest guys there...again go figure. When we get inside and it was like a computer geek sausage fest. Needless to say it wasn't the ideal crowd (some serial killer looking dude was trying to freak on the birthday girl). 

Overall it was a fun experience. The food was tasty, the service was great and the music was fun....just remember to steer clear when the IBM convention is in town.
THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER IN LVG CLUB I'VE EVER HAD.

LAVO your food is mediocre and thank you for a special entry passes to your nightclub. Yes, your special meatball is pretty darn tasty.

To be honest, I think thats where the problem begins. You let people eat here and get a special pass for the club. HOLY MACARONI. your nightclub was so crowded it was so bad. Up to a point my body was dancing by itself because people were squeezing me left and right. Drinks were spilled all over the floor. Slippery much? is this a club or ice skating rink? Dance? what dance? I can hardly move and breathe. AND COME ON! THOSE STAIRS? don't you know we girls wear at least 5 inches of high heels? ugh. 

Oh yeah, better music though compare to XS. But omg, never again for this nightclub.
The service here was downright awful. My girlfriend and I went in to check out the club around 10:00. The door guy was actually nice and told us the club opened at 11 and we could have a drink in the restaurant area until then. So we sat down and a waitress brought us a drink menu. However, she never came back to take our order. We were there for about a half hour before we finally left. She stopped by many times at the tables near us but never came to our table. We eventually left and when we came back to go to the club, we were greeted rudely by the bouncer and told to not even bother since we weren't on the guest list, even though we had a VIP coupon. Zero stars!!!! There are other clubs in Vegas.
This review is for LAVO Italian restaurant.  We have the WORST experience ever from the start to the end.  I made the reservation with them in advance before coming in for dinner.  We got there around 15 mins early and they asked us if we want the outside table.  I said yes and they told us to wait for 5-10 mins.  

After waiting for 15 mins, I came to ask about our table and the lady told me that they made a mistake and gave our table away.  Common, how can they make this kind of stupid mistake.  So, we patiently waited for another 45 mins until we got our table.  This is ridiculous that we have to wait for an hour with reservation!!! 

On top of this, there were 4 different waiters and waitresses serving our table.  They're running around like a lost dogs.  I asked one waiter for something and never saw him again.  So I had to ask another person when they come by our area.  I don't think they deserve the high-end restaurant mark in their services.
"bACK ON THE sCENE, cRISPY AND cLEAN"- DrES, BlaCK sHeeP

Finally Hip Hop On The Strip wihout that god awful techno rearing its ugly face!

Go here on a Wednesday Night and you will be pleased with the music.  Get there early to dance and only go to the bar once.  Don't make a night of it because the layout at LAVO sucks for a club.  

If only they could send the dj to a bigger space
Restaurant - Greeat food, long waits.

Nightclub - Small but fun! Different nights have different themes; weekends are always raging! If you need a hookup to get in, shoot me a note.
one word: meatball. this thing is some serious kobe beef. as it should be considering the price point is about 20 bucks. we split it between 4 people and it was fantastic. ordered the caprese as well as the ravioli dish and both were great. signature cocktail is a plus as well. 

we hit the night club portion post dinner and the ratio of guys to girls was like 1:150. weird set up and music was sub par. not the best vegas has to offer in terms of the clubby club.
Good food.  Good drinks.  And it's L.O.U.D.

Sure it's considered a nightclub, but we really weren't there during nightclub hours.  It was happy hour for us, so we stayed in the bar area were the seats were ample and spacious and despite it looking crowded from the outside doors, there definitely was more than enough room inside.  I mean, the space is HUGE....which I guess makes sense if this is also a nightclub.

Coming from New York, the prices were comparable, but generally, still pricey.  They offered a good slew of food items on the bar menu, which was great since one of us was a vegeterian (eggplant parm was yummay).  The drinks were great, though I did wish they had some kind of happy hour special.  Then again, this is Vegas so who am I kidding.

Like most bars/nighclubs, the ambience was dark and loud.  But for happy hour...I thought it was a bit too dark and too loud.  You definitely should not go hear if you intend to have any kind of conversation.  Well, maybe not inside the bar/restaurant space.  They apparently have some nice tables, couches outside that would probably be more conducive to conversing.  But it was a bit too cool that night (they do have heating lamps outside) and those areas were already taken.

Despite it's eardrum pounding noise, I definitely would go back with friends looking to drink and have a good time.  Maybe even dress up a little bit, as business casual attire didn't seem to cut it in this particular atmosphere.  I would even consider coming a bit earlier to check out the restaurant aspect as well.  You figure if the bar food was great, the actual entrees must be awesome.
STAY AWAY: This was quite simply the WORST meal I've ever had in Las Vegas, end of story. I ordered the pasta with seafood in what was supposed to be a spicy tomato sauce.  The seafood was OK but the pasta was virtually raw (I sent it back and the second coming was only marginally better) and the "sauce" might as well have come from a can of crushed tomatoes.  When I complained to the server I was told the kitchen prepares it "al dente" and did I understand what that meant?  Please - I'm a freakin' chef!  This linguini literally sat on my fork PARALLEL to the plate!  To add insult to injury, the whole mess took more than two hours with some of the most indifferent service I've ever had, and for a princely sum.

Maybe the Vegas glitterati see something I don't (starting with the head-pounding noise and the nausea-inducing lack of lighting) but with all the other options in Las Vegas, this one deserves to close IMMEDIATELY.
On a recent trip to Vegas, a large group of us (13 in total) had a great dinner.

From the moment I walked it, I knew it was going to be a fabulous time.  The decor is very much like the hotel it's in - The Palazzo.  It's got dim lighting, and lots of cool colors.  The bar itself is this awesome semicircle behemoth with flat screen TVs all tuned in to the latest sports.

For our large party, they seated us in a semiprivate section in the back of the restaurant.  It perfectly fit all of us together, and it only got better from there.  We ordered lots of foods since there were so many of us...but all I can say is OMG garlic bread!  By far the best garlic bread any of us had ever eaten!  The calamari was fresh, the GIANT cold seafood tower was awesome, but the garlic bread...yum!  Everyone ordered something different for dinner but no one complained.  Everything LAVO serves to you is well prepared.  

And as for dessert - one word.  OREO ZEPPOLES.  This was heaven in your mouth.  And it was served to you with a tall glass of vanilla ice cream.  

The prices were very reasonable, even for this New Yorker.  I would absolutely go back there again, for both the service, and the garlic bread/OREO ZEPPOLES.  

And for me, they made a mean Grey Goose Cosmo.  Excellent time held by all!
My personal opinion:
So we went to Lavo for dinner. The atmosphere was good, the service was average and the food was average.
The garlic bread that started the meal was delicious...but that is as good as it got. I ordered the Rigatoni Melezzana. The pasta was too hard and the sauce was bland. My husband ordered the Spaghetti with Angus Meatballs he said it was "ehhh, ok." We heard such good things about the food we expected a lot more. The portions were acceptable.  They charged for cola refills which is always tacky and always pisses me off. 
The evening got a little strange when my husband spilled spaghetti  sauce on his favorite white lacoste polo. I tried to get the sauce out in the bathroom but it wasn't coming out. We were pretty much done with our meal so we got the check and threw in cash and started to head out. The manager chased us down in front of the restaurant and was asking us if everything was okay.  It was clear he thought we were trying to dine and ditch or something. We just looked at him like he was crazy and told him we put cash in with the check and walked out. We looked back to see him run to the table and check to see if we paid...seriously guy. My opinion...there is better Italian for better prices even within the same hotel.
All I really remember from LAVO is the open bar and seeing my potential future baby daddy here.


Open bar for ladies, so we just went back and forth feeding drinks to our guy friends so that they won't be the sober party poopers.  Spent most of our time upstairs where the dance floor wasn't TOO big, but an alright size to get your shimmy on. Music was pretty good since I kind of remember dancing for a long time lol.  Not a bad place to stop by if you're planning on bouncing around to a few other clubs that night but not too sure if you want to stay for the WHOLE night, unless you spot a PFBD (potential future baby daddy)
Huge dissapointment. Service was lousy. It seemed like the waitstaff was completely untrained. Since I ordered the chicken parmesan, I felt like a side of pasta. The waiter let us know that "chef" didn't allow sides of pasta. He reccomended that my girlfried and I split the $19 pasta entree. Well "chef" had no right to not allow sides of pasta based upon how the rest of his food tasted. The chicken was overcooked to the point that it tasted burnt even under a layer of cheese. This wasn't even the worst part. The chicken parmesan was covered in so much garlic that not only could I not finish it, but it tasted more like garlic bread than the actual garlic bread did. Not impressed conisidering the amount of money I paid.
Eaten here and been to the nightclub as well. 

The restaurant is pretty good. Nice atmosphere, if you sit outside or at least close to it, you have a really good view of the show that plays in front of Treasure Island. The food is good -the bread with the marinara dipping sauce is really great -and the price is a little pricey but actually not bad at all compared to other restaurants in Vegas. 

The nightclub is alright, its a bit small, and nothing really stands out about it. Girls drink free before a certain time and it can get pretty packed. Jamie Fox made an appearance one night I was here.
LAVO...now what the heck does that word mean?  

Oddly enough, when I heard about the LAVO restaurant/nightclub in Vegas, the first visual that came to mind was washing my hands in a basin of sudsy lather ("lavo" in Spanish means "I wash" - I remember SOME of what I learned in junior high!)  So did LAVO live up to our expectations, or was it really just all washed up in the hype?

Julius and I went to the restaurant around 11:30 at night for Fourth Meal :)  I loved LAVO's rich amber hues and the chandeliers that casted a warm glow over the dining area.  Opulent!  Everything on the Italian-inspired menu looked so decadent that it made me feel bad we weren't hungry enough to go off on all the food.  Not only that, the best thing on the menu was supposed to be the meatball, and I've been on this Pescatarian experiment for a few months now - my resolve wasn't going to be ruined by no freakin' meatball (in my best Jersey accent!) So we ordered the Seafood Plateau Piccolo from the raw bar (the shrimp were big & juicy!) and the Cacciatore brick oven pizza (ehhh....the complimentary garlic bread that they served us was 10x better.)  But theee best thing ever was this dessert that sounds like you could only get it at your county fair.  I don't remember what it's called, but it's this beignet type of pastry with warm, moist Oreo cookies tucked inside.  Oh...my...gawd...this is soooo last meal on earth DELICIOUS!  

After dinner, we went to LAVO's nightclub (Quick Tip:  Have dinner at the restaurant, you get free entrance into the club and front of the line privileges!)  My instincts turned out to be dead on...walking up the stairs to the club, the walls were covered in ceramic, bathroom-like tiles.  Along this walkway was a legion of running porcelain sinks.  And up another flight of stairs was a vintage bathtub off to the side.  And inside of the club, more bathroom tiles flanked the walls.  LAVO to me looked like one huge swanky bathroom, just as I had envisioned because of the club's name.  This was underscored as sprays of tiny bubbles floated over us as we shimmied on the dancefloor.  LAVO has a really great vibe - the DJ knew how to keep the dancefloor packed.  So groove on down to LAVO for some eats and beats, and get ready for some lavish fun!
I was there last Sunday.  I had SOOOOOO Much Fun.
I came with my friends on one of their Industry Nights on a Tuesday. 

My friend put us on the guest list and even the guys didn't have to pay cover! Yay! We got wristbands so we got free drinks/open bar from 11:30-12:30. Awesome! The bar was pretty crowded and crazy but the bartenders were amazingly fast! The guy we had was super nice and sweet too. Not rude/attitudey at all. Huge plus for that. 

Overall ambience is nice. It's like a Mediterranean bathhouse type theme. A lot of people complain that their dance floor is really small and I admit, it is definitely on the dinkier side compared to other Vegas clubs... but it's similar to a lot of dance floors in LA. So I guess it's all relative.  

Music was really good in the beginning - hip hop, top 40s, etc. but then towards the middle of the night, the DJ changed and it turned into house/trance music which I'm not a big fan of. They also gave out these huge long styrofoam glow sticks that look like pool floaties. LOL that was interesting...

Overall, I'd say LAVO is a good place to pre-party for the open bar but not a club I'd wanna stay at the entire night.
Restaurant was amazing after a so-so experience at their bar first at our visit this week while in Vegas. Walked in without a reservation at 7pm but decided to have a cocktail at the bar first. Bitchy bartender looked at us like we were stupid when I asked her a question about a cocktail and then when we were making small talk with her. It was apparent because we were over 30 we must be pretty lame and not worth her effort to be nice to. The tip she got reflected her attitude towards us. When we entered the dining room it was like entering another world. TOTALLY different atmosphere and service. The service was just right, waiter was funny, knowledgeable and attentive in the right amount,  food was wonderful, the best calamari I have had in some time, and enough for 4 or 5 people. Hubby and I both had basic pasta dishes which the portions were just right and the bread they kept us supplied with was Divine! Nice "by the glass" wine selection also with some affordable choices since hubby was drinking something harder that night. Atmosphere was dim lights and a warm setting and I'd recommend it for couples or groups. Not really a place for kids, tables were somewhat close together and it just wasn't a place to take kids. Parents have mercy on the couples trying to have a date night in Vegas and take your kiddos to Grand Lux.
An invigorating dining experience awaits you at Lavo.

Upon walking in, you're caught off guard by the perfectly dim lighting and their gorgeous set up. The hostesses were very warm and made you feel welcome. This place screams trendy but definitely not overbearing or pretentious.  

We were seated at a roomy booth and were promptly offered drinks and our menus. Our server made it a point to be friendly enough to be likeable, but not overly talkative. 

The first thing you'll notice is the crowd. No riff raff, just beautiful women and seemingly affluent men. Their menu simple but elegantly put together. 

Their complimentary bread served with some sort of a tapenade was a great starter.  We ordered the oysters (well not for me), the kobe stuffed rice balls, and their white truffle fettuccine with truffle caviar  (which was that night's special).

The portions were about average for an upscale restaurant, so there were no surprises there (negative or otherwise).  The ladies had some red wine, which I think they enjoyed with our meal. The servings were sufficient for the three of us. You definitely don't walk away hungry. Everything was above average in taste, but one thing blew my mind: the chocolate bread pudding with vanilla gelato which we ordered for dessert. It was OMFG-heavenly.  Each bite was paired with a compliment. Yes it was that delicious.  Forget everything else, you just have to try this. 

Overall, I think what made this experience a 5-star was how well the atmosphere, service, cuisine and of course the dessert just meshed incredibly together.  It's one of those things where each individual factor contribute to an even better outcome. 

We'll be back for sure.
If you're looking for good hip hop music in the clubs: Done. Done. DO IT!

Clubs on the Strip play hip hop SETS but, mainly, focus on House.
And in Vegas, it's like looking for a needle in a haystack when looking for GOOD hip hop music.

I emphasize "GOOD" because it's not that rap hip hop boosh*t of today....it's that 90's feel good vibe you get with Mary J. or Musiq....mixed with the Top 40 stuff.

But, by the time, they play the Top 40 ishhh, you're already grooving to the good stuff!!!

DJ Vice always brings the goods =) "LOVE" Vice Sundays!!!
The nightclub here was waaay too small.  We had gotten there really early, since we had free drink tickets, but when we got in the bar was so crowded it took us forever to get our drinks.  Plus, the drinks were much more diluted that I'd like... There were girl dancers laying around, dancing, fanning themselves with these feather fans, which was pretty cool, and the music was actually REALLY great to dance to and we ended up staying the whole night until closing.  The DJ played great hip/hop songs from way back when...like Hot in Here by Nelly, that just brought back memories of great high school days.  However, the venue is just too small, and I'd recommend going next door to Tao.
Excellent service at both the restaurant and the nightclub. The food wasn't as good as I wished it would be, but the portions were huge, and the ambiance and service were great. In the club our bottle service girl was super attentive and friendly.
Spot worth checking out, but definitely on the more intimate scale.
Srsly could've stayed in the bay area to go to some shit like this.. why 5 stars? LMFAO performed & was giving free shots of patron through a beer bong (looked fun but was NOT trying to catch some sort of venereal disease) & Dj Vice played catdaddy & the dougie.. so I was pretty much sold after that.
Full disclosure: we had a hook-up in the form of the head of security, and that connection came with free cover, wristbands for open bar, and countless drink tickets.

But! That being said, the music was great, the layout made sense, the tables weren't in the way of dancing and we all had a fun dancing our faces off. All around good times.
Club---people were fab, music was Top 40, bouncers were ok, bartender was top notch. The place is a little small, its a more intimate club. The crowd however, was classy, unrowdy. The dance floor - Packed! in a good way, not overpacked, and the people were appropriately good about it and were there only to have fun. The bouncers were professional, a big plus. Packed for a Tuesday night.
Made a 6:30pm Rez and were taken right to our table.  We chose the balcony seating.  Nice view of the strip and the treasure island pirate show.  I ordered the ceaser salad ($17!) and the husband got the pasta carbonana, very good and enough for us to share.  We ordered and the food came out in literally less than 5 mins.  Good food and reasonable price!
Hit up Lavo the second night of a two night club binge with the first being Tao.  Lavo is pretty much like Tao except with a different theme and as I came to understand they were both developed by the same people.  Once again the ambience and atmosphere seemed to be the coolest thing about it.
LAVO, you trendy little beastie, kissing cousin to TAO, Italian style. You're just as guilty of being ridiculously priced as every other Vegas resort venue. But your food, your decor, your service... ya won me over, ya little scamp.

WTF were we thinking ordering an appetizer consisting of a giant baked meatball? And what in the world do you think you're doing making that thing actually taste really good? Flatbread with shaved truffles and truffle oil - expensive as hell and a ridiculously frivolous starter, but you still made it worth it somehow.

Lobster risotto? Perfectly seared rare tuna with grilled artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes? Why can't you suck more so I can slag you off as another expense-account darling with no reason to sit down to table other than a corporate AMEX account?

Oh, and the complementary quaff of Moscato d'Asti at the end of the meal... damn you.
Loved the food!! The staff super friendly and helpful. Sat outdoors on the patio. Great view!! I now have a favorite all time dessert. Their deep fried oreo cookies with whipped ice cream to dip in. We celebrated a family members 60th birthday and it was a perfect place. The only negative was the music that the DJ was spinning was no appropriate for dinner time. It was dance music. It was piped through all the speakers. After awhile we were really tired of it.
Was here on a Sunday night because most places were either closed or not in operation. Anyways, this place was loaded with people. Getting into the place didn't take long, but just getting up to the club was a dread. First thing I wondered was, how the hell is a drunk person going to get his ass out of the club after he partied for 4 hrs (good thing it didn't happen to me). 

The stairs were never ending but we finally got up to the top. Small place and a huge open bar. The bar was crowded with rows and rows of people trying to get a drink. We ended up waiting for about 10 mins to get our first shot. I recommend going to the smaller bar next to the restroom area. 

Music that was played in this place wasn't bad at all. They did play the hits and got a pretty sweet DJ doing some mixes. The only thing I didn't like was how crowded it was. It was crowded enough that if you brought your drinks onto the dance floor, you wouldn't walk your ass out of the floor. You would just drop the glass on the floor and have the girls trip all over it. LOL

Anyways, packed place... might select another place unless it was a Sunday Night. Oh, I did have fun though. LOL
As part of our bestofvegas.com deal, we had access to both TAO and LAVO nightclubs. I didn't know that both were related seeing as each have a different ethnic menu. After attending TAO on a Thursday night, I expected LAVO to be just as magnificent. 

Since we had our wristbands from the previous night, the security directed us to the shorter line and we were in within 5 minutes. Unlike TAO, LAVO had a much shorter line suggesting that we were dealing with a much smaller night club. When we entered we had to make our way to the top floor seeing as how the first floor was the restaurant and a single bar. When we arrived upstairs, the music was bumping loud and the dance floor packed. We struggled to make our way onto the dance floor, dancing for a small amount of time before becoming claustrophobic. The security guards essentially herd people like cattle from the entrance in hopes of keeping it clear to no avail. 

We finally made our way to the bar which covered one whole area and from this single bar with no more than three bartenders, everyone purchased their drinks here. Again, they seemed overwhelmed and undermanned. There was no real place to sit on the too floor and it was just two crowded with my personal space being violated. Much less satisfying than TAO was. Seeing as how it was just too crowded and we needed to rest our feet, me and my girlfriend made our way to the lower level to find a seat. I ordered a Margarita which was great as we sat there and relaxed on the couch. 
We noticed that LAVO close at 2AM that day as they did not allow my girl to come back after going outside to talk to her friends. I chugged my drink and left saddened by LAVO's short comings. If your within the LAVO (The Pallazo) area, you should check it out otherwise go to TAO for a much better experience that doesn't end at 2AM.
Dinner was unremarkable.  We did eat here especially to get into the club without any hassle, but the food was just blah.  The club was small and super crowded.  If you were on the dance floor you couldn't even move, much less dance.  We danced in the VIP area for a little while, the bouncers didn't really care and it was less crowded there.  We went solely because I heard they played good music (top 40 mixed with some 90's) but maybe we went on the wrong night.  Don't remember what songs they played but do remember countless shout outs to various people celebrating various things.  Really?  Play some freakin' music and shut up!

Will not be back.
For a Tuesday night, I couldn't ask for better.  If bored on a Tuesday night, GO HERE.

I called in to be put on the guest list for 5 girls, but ended up going with a total of 4 girls.  Because of the good ratio, we were specially handed wristlets that got us free entry and open bar until 12am.  We noticed this special treatment when not everyone on the guest list had them.  Unfortunately, we got placed in the slower line, though I think that may be because only two of my friends were there when we approached the bouncer.  Regardless, we still got in, got our free drinks, and headed to the dance floor!  Wait time for my line was around 20-30 mins---just long.  

The ambience of the club is similar to Tao, but Tao is a lot more decorative.  Walking through the line of sinks is indeed something that regular clubs don't have.  Being that it was a Tuesday night, it wasn't too too crowded, so we had enough space on the dance floor to move around.  Similar to Tao, don't be expecting seats to rest your feet in, but honestly, we danced for two hours straight.  Had we not needed up get up at 7:30 to catch the ride home, I would've stayed until at least 3 am.  Also, as with Tao, there were foam bubbles that sprayed onto the dace floor.

What makes or breaks a club for me in the music---LAVO nailed this!  Dj scratchy was an excellent dj, playing a good mixture of songs that I mostly knew.  Apparently, according to my friends they had switched the dj when within the first few minutes we were at the dance floor, but honestly, I didn't notice.  The smooth transition and same good music was playing, so it pretty much made my night.

The negatives- no seats, couldn't find a bathroom (though we didn't try very hard to begin with), and oh yeah, we had a little too much fun.  For a couple of my friends, it was their first time clubbing, so we had a blast.  But if i were to choose one between Tao and Lavo, I would still choose Tao.  Where's the flying girl in the air and the bubbles, the girls washing in the bathtub, the extra sofas that girls are just lying in?  Overall though, for a Tuesday night, this is where the party is!
Beautiful Italian restaurant inside the Palazzo, with an outside terrace which is where we dined. We took my sister and husband to celebrate their Anniversary. The inside is trendy, soft lights, romantic, and very comfy. When we were taken to our table, it took a bit long for our waitress to finally come greet us. Throughout our meal she was just OK, she seemed to be in a rush every time she came to our table. Not sure if she was swamped but when you are paying good money I do expect better service. 

We ordered a few cocktails and a bottle of wine. I chose a Super Tuscan at a reasonable price, when the bus boy brought over these awful little by the glass thick short stemware. Um yeah if I order a b bottle of wine please give me decent stems. After I politely asked him for nicer glasses he did bring over much nicer stems. Of course my sister and brother in law thought I was being a wine snob. It's all good, they have no clue. ha ha 

We started with some appetizers, mussels, and an eggplant dish all were very good.  The eggplant was awesome!  Then entrees, we all ordered different dishes, their menu is fairly large with many options to please everyone. The presentation was nice, good size portions, cooked fresh. All of our entrees were good, nothing to great. I was not to wild about their marinara sauce. It was sweet and too thick. 

My sister and brother in law loved their food, and was very happy we chose this restaurant. Food could have been much better as it was forgettable for me. And service well they need some improvement. The view outside was gorgeous, it is a very pretty restaurant, we did enjoy our evening but next time I am so wanting to try "Tao". 

Prices were high, for Italian food that was just average at best.
My husband and I took a post shopping/pre dinner stop at the bar here just to get a drink.  Well that was what the plan was til the cocktail waitress reccomended a few snacks they had on their menu.  Ok so I caved...I swear we were only getting drinks.
I had these figs with amazing cheese in the middle just little gems of a treat a bit ackward to eat but the taste was sublime.  My husband upped the annity and got a lobster flatbread that was AMAZING.
So now were full, well sort of, so we think we'll skip dinner but on our way out we stop to get reservations.  Alas it was not to be (trendy place better make reservations WAY in advance) but not to be put off we come back a few hours later, with our friends, and squeeze into the bar.
Luckily we were offered the full menu because I found their tomato lobster bisque fra diablo.  I think we had other food too but after eating this soup who cares?  Seriously if you never eat another thing again you must, must, must have this soup.  Its smooth and just flavorful.  YOu taste the tomatoes as if you've just picked them from the garden its almost sweet enough to be a dessert, but in a good way not in a sugary way.  Then there is a hint of pepper when you bite into the glistening morsels of lobster.  
I'm salavating just thinking about it now.  All joking aside I'd go to Las Vegas just for this soup.
I think I've always had a negative attitude about Lavo because it is associated with being a night club and located in a Vegas casino.  Those two factors alone always seem to always bring my expectation of food down.  Lavo proved me wrong.  I was pleasantly surprised with the caliber of food AND service at our recent outing as a big bachelorette party group.

The Food:
Garlic Bread (compliementary) - super garlicky and butter and perfectly crispy.  Just the way I like it

Meatball - They have a choice of meatballs and I thought that it would be a few meatballs, but this was one HUGE tasty meatball on a bed of fresh greens and flavorful garlic crostini

Tuna Tartare - refreshing mix of chopped tuna and avocado.  Not bad.

Kobe Stuffed Rice Balls - Aracini stuffed with kobe beef.  Interesting, yummy and filling.

New York Strip Steak - we ordered medium because we were sharing family style.  Actually cooked perfectly and delicious

Rigatoni Sausage Bolognese - The rigatoni itself was al dente.  Nothing impressive about the sauce.  

Spinach and Artichoke Pizza - Soggy pizza.  Enough said.

Crispy Zucchini - Deep fried shoestring zucchini.  Yum!!

Garlic Mashed Potatoes - .... what garlic?

Service:
Was it me or were all the servers handsome male models?  The service was actually really attentive.  Waters were filled, wine glasses never empty, napkins folded whenever we went off to the restroom.

Conclusion:  I would say that the restaurant offers a nice variety of crowd pleasers with some nice service and eye candy.  Overall, 3.5 stars because the food was a mix of mediocre to very good food.  Definitely not your momma's homemade Italian, but good for a fun night out on the strip and you can get a view of Treasure Island's pirate show's fireworks if you're positioned towards window.
This is a late review from March but I would say that overall ambience is nice. It's like a Mediterranean bathhouse type theme. Great hang out place.. We arrived with huge lines but since we got in VIP we got in right away.  My hub & I dance the night away but since dance floor was too small, I think noise level was too much considering being too close to the DJ.  Music on weekedays wasn't bad at all.  Wouldn't mind returning again when in town.
Can we please only focus on how utterly amazing, brilliant and awesome the DJs are here?!?!?!? I haven't heard music this good in what honestly feels like FOREVER. I have only good things to say about Lavo as a nightclub. People in there - just want to dance. Bartenders - don't waste time and get to all the people waiting. DJs - i want to listen to you guys all day every day. 

I haven't had this much fun at a club since i think i was maybe 19 and clubbing was cool and new. Thanks Lavo, for making clubs cool again. I cannot WAIT to go back!
This review is for the club only**
Forgot which night I came here but the night that we came , there was an open bar for the ladies which was pretty cool . This place is alright but kinda small . Also , I tripped when going down the stairs upon leaving due to the darkness which was embarrassing . I could barely see the steps because there was no lights on the steps to make it stand out or anything .
Went here for a bachelorette dinner, and it was not great. The service was slow, the waiter wasn't overly helpful and the food was mediocre at best.
Came here on a Sunday night recently and it was just dead! Stayed for about an hour and the party just really never got going. They didn't hold up the lines or anything, so even guys got in pretty quick. Alot of the ladies in line got open bar wristbands, so it's nice that they show love to the cute girls and the grenades here lol. 

The venue itself is really nice, but really small! I do like the layout of it; with the bar being on a higher level then the dance floor. But if anything i would classify more as a lounge with a dancefloor rather then a nightclub.

Maybe because it was a Sunday? Don't think I would come here again unless I got the 3 in 1 wristband for Tao/Tao Beach/Lavo.

Really a 3 star rating, but an extra star for good music. The DJ played Sisqo's THONG SONG! hahah
This is a review for the club only.  I definitely give Lavo bonus points, because I once met a guy there named Elvis (checked his driver's license). You can't buy such an experience! On my most recent visit, it was unbearably crowded, but I'm not sure it's fair to fault a club for that. The crowd itself is quite friendly, and everyone is having a good time. Be careful if you're really drunk or wearing very high heels (high probability for that in Vegas), because you have to go up quite a bit of stairs to get into the club area.
I came here for the forth of July weekend on a Sunday and there was no line. I came towards the promoter/bouncer to ask him what was the cover. and he just walked away. I called him and he kept walking. I don't know if he was racist or just had a bad attitude. What a horrible place!
Yet another magnificent time at Lavo.

I brought the girls here for dinner for our bach party and had our meal set up as a pre fixe at reasonable fee per person which included tax and gratuity. 

They sat us in the private dining room, and immediately they brought out delicious plate after delicious plate of varying items from calamari, to giant meatballs, to pasta, salmon, etc. Everyone was able to sample a variety of things and no one left hungry. They even had dessert prepared for us as well, deep fried oreos and a chocolate cake. 

Great times to be had at Lavo. Make sure you add this to your list of vegas stops.
Came here for drinks & appetizers with some friends and were treated extremely well by the staff, which all looked like models of course. It was sort of an odd hour, after gambling in Palazzo, so the place wasn't too happening yet. Ambient music was being mixed by an on-site DJ so that was cool. We shared a few things... calamari (decent), tuna tartare w/ avacado (refreshing), kobe meatball w/ sausage ragu (amazing), & spaghetti carbonara (so creamy rich I had to drink something after each bite... but STILL excellent). Great decor but what the real trip was the restroom sinks. My first though walking into the restrooms, "damn, those are some tall urinals" hahaha Which were actually sinks  but shaped like some sort of rituallistic cyllinders. FYI: they're not motion sensored so stop waving your hands like an idiot and use the foot pedal!
Our server was fantastic. He was very nice and extremely helpful when ordering. He actually told me he wouldn't let me order anything on the menu that wasn't good. He made excellent drink recommendations as well. Food was good and the courses were served at a good pace. I will go back next time I'm in Vegas. Only disappointment, the tiramsu - skip it. Gelato was great!
Great dining experience all together. Service was great and food was scrumptious.  The Tomato Caprese was fabulous and the spaghetti with Kobe meatballs was to die for.  My only regret is that we didn't have enough room to even try the tempting dessert menu....
Really nice place; it's small, but big enough and with a live DJ. Food and drinks were good and priced accordingly. The only negative is that I had RSVP'd for Thursday night for the club, but turns out they now close the club on Thursdays.
Both the restaurant and nightclub are nice to look at - which is good because the other scenery was a little frightening.  I think the door guys were too forgiving about who they let into the club.  I'd give it three stars if it wasn't for the professional, efficient bartenders.  Jorge and Jessica in particular earn an extra star in my rating for being nice, funny, and on top of their game. Smart and hard working - I like those traits in a bartender.
Review is only for the nightclub.

I have never had a bigger "Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde" experience out there.  I had read reviews that said that this club (along with the Bank and Vanity) were the best clubs to go to on a Sunday night.  We had gotten the $50 wristbands that gave us unlimited access to Tao and Lavo for the weekend, and despite getting a free pass to Pure at Caesar's Palace, decided to check this place out instead.  We got there at 10:30, only to be told that the club didn't open until 11.  By the time we returned about an hour later, the place was absolutely packed, which isn't a great thing because unlike many other clubs in Vegas, this one was quite small.  I suppose that's the difference between a "megaclub" like Tao, Pure, Tryst, etc. and an "intimate nightclub" like Lavo (and apparently, Surrender).

Anyway, the talent was absolutely lacking when we first entered, and the ones who did show up were, let's just say not that fun.  It actually got so bad that we left at around 12:30.  Of course, after walking through the Palazzo and doing a bit of gambling for awhile, we realized that it was 1:30AM in Vegas on a Sunday night, and decided to give Lavo one more (last) try.  These are things that you would never do except in Vegas.

Completely different experience, and it suddenly became a great night (or a regular night in Vegas, by my experience).  The place was still packed, but moving around didn't feel as difficult anymore.  Most of the snooty girls had left (or passed out in the bathroom, I hope).  And of course, as soon as we walked in, All of the Lights came on, with the accompanying light show and everything was good again.

Still, can't give this place a glowing review because before it was good, it sucked, badly.  And yes, even when it was good, it wasn't awesome, because some of the residual lameness from before was still there.  If nothing else, Lavo certainly proves more than anything that, "in this town, your luck can change just that quickly."
Review is for the restaurant. The food was really good but I take your pepcid....I had the worst indigestion of my life! Love the ambiance there.
Decent meal.  Between the excellent garlic bread and the apps we ordered (kobe rice balls and meat balls), we were kind of full.  We were able to get seating outside, which was nice.  Kind of pricey, but between the food and service it was worth it.
They also have a bumpin' dance club inside, we weren't staying for that but it looked like a lot of fun.  By fun I meant there were more girls than at a Justin Bieber show.
This place is so delicious...Seriously, it's one of my favorite restaurants in the "West Coast-ish" area. The boyfriend and I went here on our trip to Vegas this past March and I loved this place so much that he recently took me to the one in New York. I didn't love my food at the New York location as much as I loved my food at the Vegas one. Seriously, it was just that good. After our delicious dinner (accompanied with wine and dessert) we went to the lounge/club area upstairs. I remember it was a Thursday night and there weren't too many people at the club but I still had a great time. Lavo brings back so many wonderful food and dancing memories that I would recommend it to everyone going to Vegas.
Got a reco from a friend to check this place out and so glad we did!  Loved the atmosphere and decor of this place.  Our waiter was one of the nicest guys ever and was charming in a non-obnoxious way.  I would definitely make a reservation here though, as it was packed.  Loved it!
Too crowded.  Not impressed. Snobby people. Not fun having your feel stepped on.
Fun spot. Loved the decor.  Service was good.  Views of the strip are awesome.  Highly recommend!
My sisters and I all went to Vegas to celebrate our youngestest sisters 21st!  We originally made plans to eat at another restaurant but ended up at Lavo...and I'm sooo glad we did!  One of the best meals i've had.  We all ordered something different; kobe stuffed rice balls, clams, sea bass, pene ala vodka and for dessert tiramisu.  Everything was delish and we had a great time at the nightclub upstairs!  I would go back in a heartbeat!
All I know is that the music was cracking at this place (better than XS) and the crowd was bumpin'.  Girls from Canada, SF and LA were making their rounds to our table so it was @#$!ing awesome!  lol.  The girls were super nice although we had to hide a few of our bottles from a couple of them because they thought it was "all you can drink" or something...
Nightclub rating only...

We got lucky because we happened to arrive during Kris Humphries' (new husband of Kim Kardashian) bachelor party.

I also saw Jordan Farmar, Lamar Odom and Scott.

Place was packed on a Saturday night and we didn't want to wait in line so we did bottle service. Cost us $575 total for 5 guys and we got grey goose and our choose of drinks.

You don't get your own VIP booth - you actually get to sit on a long couch and you get a small section along with the other bottle service people.

Overall pretty cool club, but I think it's pretty small compared to others like XS, Marquee, JET, and Pure.
See my revue on TAO.

This place is just as bad, times 10.

If you want to have a good time avoid this club at all cost.

It is SMALL.
The VIP area is always extra full. You fork over hundreds and it is no better than the standard dance floor.

I wanna slit my wrists just thinking about this place! 

DON'T DO IT. JUST SAY NO!
I was excited about going to LAVO since I've been hearing so many times on TV and from people that this was the place to go in Vegas, NOT!!!!!!! let me tell you I was not impress. The decor is amazing and those are the two star I gave the place. The music was awful, the crowd was very, very young and the dirks very pricey. Maybe because I'm from Miami but we have much better clubs here in SOBE. It was packed so we got a table, for like $500 something but there is no VIP area, it's just a table by the bar, not very comfortable.
I really wanted to like this place, cause I Love Tao; however, this was not the case. We had 7:45 reservations on a Friday night. We were not seated for over 40mins, which is unacceptable. The service was okay- not great, not horrible, just okay.  When you are spending around $100 a person the service should be exemplary. Certainly not the case here. I am a Vegan, so I ordered the broccoli, it literally came out with two partial heads of broccoli (not cut up at all) needless to say I had to cut all of the pieces myself while my colleagues looked at the monster head of broccoli and just giggled. I will certainly pass on the broccoli in the future. The bread dipped in marinara was yummy- but again it's pasta- just pasta...nothing that special. Seriously the Olive Garden makes a marinara sauce that might even be better. I would never go back. It's not worth the money, the wait, the experience etc. Total waste of an evening in Vegas if you ask me.
Nightclub rating: Our bachelorette party came here on a Saturday night and shared the night with Kris Humphries bachelor party! Not sure if that was why it was insanely packed, but we could barely move. You really have to stake your claim on the dance floor and not let people pushing through bother you. 

The music was a great mix the night we came. We loved the fun dance music, go go dancers and really nice bartenders. They served the drinks fast, and we barely had to wait, even for how crowded it was. 

Its easy of course to get in if you don't have a guy in your group, with that said, they should have stopped letting people in at the point you couldn't move going up and down the stairs. I think they like to make it as stuffed as possible so it looks happenin', but really it just gets to be too squished.  One in one out doorman... thats my suggestion.
My favorite restaurant in LV and a truly intimate dining experience. I am Sicilian and have traveled Italy and this is still the best Italian food I've tasted! Great after hours spot as well.
NIGHTCLUB REVIEW! 

came here on a sunday night with my girlfriends.  met up with our promoter and he walked us right in. no wait or cover charge! woo! open bar for girls 11-12pm. drinks are actually pretty damn strong, which i was not expecting since it was free.  the whole club in general is super small but the music was good. got to see Kris Humphries that night too! so yeah it was super crowded. people were spilling drinks all over the dance floor so that was no bueno. i would come back again with my girlfriends since everything was free anyways! yay for free fun/drinks!
(only for the nightclub) 

Safe to say.... this Vegas local will never be back here again. 

I may be biased as nightlife is not my thing, but I also still have enough knowledge to justly weigh the good and bad of things. I was really expecting good out of Lavo because the Palazzo is such a gorgeous and elegant hotel.

I was in a large party of 10+ girls and we were referred there by a promoter. I give props to him as he was very persistent, welcoming, and was working EXTREMELY hard. When we got into the restaurant part of Lavo I could see he was working on multiple tables of parties that he had obviously lured in to the club. He poured us one small cup of... citrus vodka... and juice?? And we were ushered out and up to the club. 

The club entrance is not attractive in my opinion.  As Lavo does mean "wash" in Italian.. the theme is unattractive... running sinks & bathtubs. Plus, how can you feel clean and washed with a group of the scariest and most antiqued people I've seen all gathered into one big mess of a crowd.. I am not saying that the old(er) demographic should not get out and have fun, but this crowd looked like those who should understand life and alternate ways of fun. 

Of course, the bartenders and hostesses were very attractive and eye-catching, as were the girls who were invited to sit at tables as we were. If you are looking to look at women, this would be a good spot to come... but I assure you there are an abundance of other places I would recommend before Lavo. 

If you are looking to dance freely and have a little air to breathe, looking for a place that holds more adventure and a larger layout, and looking for somewhere to spend your entire night... go elsewhere.
Nightclub:

The venue is on the small side, I felt really cramped walking around and especially trying to get a drink. It looked like there was just the one bar, and it line was 4 customers deep all the way around the bar. BUT all us girls in our group got free drink wristbands so that was cool, and it bumps up my review 1 star haha.

I enjoyed the music and had a good time on the dancefloor.
Tuesday night is service industry night. I was in Vegas for my sister's 21st birthday. We met a guy who got us in at 11pm and wristbands for an hour of free drinks, Well drinks but my sis is 21 and was not complaining. Lavo is a tad on the smaller side but we had a BLAST! Great music to dance to. All of the bartenders were nice. I am sure some of the fun stuff came when we met some awesome Australian guys and sat in VIP with them most of the night too! :)
LAVO pretty much ruined my Vegas trip. We were in Vegas for my girlfriend's birthday and we were staying at the Palazzo. The greeter at the door I guess worked at TAO nightclub and told us that if we ate here than we would receive free express entry into the nightclub for every entree that we purchased. TAO just happened to be the nightclub that all the girls wanted to go to and we were on the hungry side.

We sat down and our waiter split us up into two tables. I wanted to get my usual seafood linguine, but I had it the night before so I was persuaded to try something else. I asked the waiter for his recommendations and he told me the swordfish.

It's a pretty spacious room and you get to see everyone drinking their Voss bottled water. I thought it was weird that the sinks of the restrooms were visable from downstairs. Not the best layout in my opinion; when your guests can enjoy their meal and watch their fellow patrons drop a twosie.

Even though we were seated and waited on at the same time as the second half of our party, the food arrive at very different times. We all pretty much ordered the same items, but everything came out sporadically. Not that I wanted my entree to be rushed out... The swordfish was dry and the serving size was pretentious. I understand that they were probably shooting for French servings, but when I saw the hefty dishes that others in my group received, I was a bit peeved.

Nonetheless, this was not even the worst part of the night. The worst part came, when we got to TAO and the bouncers told us that the stubs that we received were only good at LAVO. At this point, I had had enough. I called over to LAVO and made my complaint to the hostess. She tried to convince me that for the longest time, the stubs would only allow them entry into LAVO. I argued with her and she even accused me of lying. After long deliberation, I spoke with the manager and she told me to get in contact with the manager at TAO. When I got back to TAO, the retarded bouncers wouldn't even let me talk to the manager. I'm surprised those Neanderthals knew how to conjugate words into sentences. Eventually I get to someone who I think can help me and they end up telling me we can get in with the stubs and that's how it's always worked. They need to get their freaking facts straight.

Worst experience I've ever dealt with. I already had distaste for nightclubs in Vegas. This was just the straw that broke the camel's back.
This review is for the nightclub. It's basically a smaller version of Tao. We came here after leaving Tao, because it was so packed. Kim K.'s fiance was having his bachelor party here so the place was filled with basketball players. The club wasn't that big, but it wasn't packed to the point where you can't dance. I wasn't in the modd to dance since the music sucked as well!! If I would have paid to get in I woud have been pissed!
Considering I am not a big fan of nightclubs, this was not too bad. The downstairs portion is very nice. It is roomy, you do not feel cramped like most places on the strip. You can sit down and have a nice dinner or sit at the bar and have a drink or two. Either way can be an enjoyable experience. The food & drinks were amazing; however, a bit pricey (but you are on the strip after all...). 

The upstairs portion was not that bad. Small dance floor with a nice bar next to it. Not that much room unfortunately once enough people are there. Again, I am not a fan of nightclubs, but I would assume those who are would enjoy it =)
On a recent visit to Vegas my girlfriends and I ate at the restaurant and then later danced the night away in the nightclub. The restaurant made me feel like I was in New York. The decor was modern and inviting. What we loved the most were the very attractive waiters, like everyone who was part of the waitstaff was very attractive, but not in a model or fake way. The food was good. Get one of the meatballs, but be prepared to share, as the serving size was huge. The service was great and our waiter even asked if we were going to the nightclub after and provided passes to get in. We had already put ourselves on the guest list earlier, but it's good to know for the next visit. 
The nightclub was fun too. It had 30 something crowd and was smaller than other Vegas nightclubs, but not too crowded. The music was great too!
While the food was fantastic and service almost great, the nightclub was a let down. After you wait in line to get in, you'll listen to music that encourages drinking, you will see people holding full bottles of liquor from their table service, and when you try to get through the crowd a young pup of a bouncer will stop you to see if you're intoxicated. He did this as we made our way through the thick crowd  to the bathroom. He tried to separate us( females) and take one to a back room ALONE. I became irate and demanded he go get her husband first. I would NOT allow this nor should you!  We did go back and dance and saw someone WHISKED away by the guys in dark suits to the backroom. Yet the drunk with the Vodka and the other with Patron bottle stood around. Total harassment that was extremely intimidating.
If you're staying at the Palazzo and it's a late night, GO HERE! they will get you passes to get in free, prices for drinks are good, get Cucuy Vodka! music's good and it's in your hotel!

THIS IS ONLY A NIGHTCLUB REVIEW, I DIDNT EAT THERE SORRY
ONE BAD THING TO NOTE ON LARGE GROUPS:
When reserving a large table, they make you fax over a form (that they e-mail you) on which you're required to include not only credit card info but also a copy of your driver's license, to hold the reservation.

Now I'm not saying Lavo is definitely responsible for what ultimately happened (because I have no actual proof of it aside from circumstantial evidence), but when I returned from my Vegas trip, I found out that someone went on a shopping spree (in & around Vegas) with the credit card # I had written on the reservation form.

Through process of elimination, I figured out it might have been someone who works @Lavo behind the scenes, who happened to have access to the fax I had sent over, w/my credit card info on it.

My credit card # wasn't exposed anywhere else on my trip except Lavo when I made the reservation (my party didn't use my card to pay for our bill, we all paid in cash - & I didn't use this card anywhere else on my trip).

This idiot also bought herself a plane ticket with said credit card. She doesn't realize that because of this, her name was on my credit card statement & I now have a name to add to my Kill Bill Hitlist. I called Lavo to ask if this person works there & they said they're not allowed to reveal any personnel info.

I still think it's a great restaurant, the food was absolutely delicious & service was very good. So I downgraded my original review by 1 star due to this credit card fraud thing. Would've only given it 1 star but I actually would like to go back here (because the food was that good) - & pay in cash!
This would have been 5 star had we not gone upstairs to the club after eating dinner on the patio, but since we did I felt it necessary to combine the 2 reviews into one. 

Dinner was amazing, service was excellent, food was great, we sat on the patio which wasn't too hot even for July weather. Just really really good experience...

then we went upstairs, the club was mehhh, we got free drink tickets and got to get weird drunk men touching our hair and walking up out of nowhere to try and kiss us, gross. The nightclub obviously can't control their patrons oddness but the club itself was underwhelming, we only stayed for one drink then left... but I would really reccommend the restuarant!
For the night club only... It was way the hell too crowded due to the space being very small.
This review is for the LAVO NIGHTCLUB only!!

I'm giving this nightclub one star because of DJ Reach, who is possibly the worst DJ ever!! I believe he has a very easy job considering how terrible he is. Just select a playlist, hit play and keep his mouth shut. But apparently, that's just too hard for him or something. He would open his mouth every 5 seconds to shout out random words that nobody cared for. Yea, I know there are single ladies in the house; I'm dancing next to them. Stop interrupting the music and just let the music play!

Another thing DJ Reach could not do is transitioning from song to song. You know what he does when he wants to transition to the next song? AIR HORNs!!! What the hell? When he does that, it's annoying and it doesn't make any sense. Songs don't match up? Doesn't matter because DJ Reach has his AIR HORN sound mapped out on his keyboard. YAY! Here's a quote from Wikipedia: "Club DJ turntable techniques include beatmatching, phrasing, and slip-cueing to preserve energy on a dancefloor." I should go to Wikipedia to remove "beatmaching, phrasing, and slip-cueing" and replace with "AIR HORNing".

Oh yeah, the club is too small for the amount of people they stuffed inside.

P.S. the night before, I had the pleasure of listening to DJ Jazzy Jeff over at club RAIN in the Palms. Now that's a freaking DJ!! Unlike this DJ Reach...blergh!!
Palazzo did this place right.  Situated on the center of the strip, the club is classy and the crowd makes you feel at home.  Drink up and shake what you're working with.  If you're a hotel guest admission is free.  If you have a Grazie Card, you don't have to wait in line.  Nice place to count down the new year or celebrate a birthday!!!
I stayed at the Palazzo this past weekend with a group of friends of 4 guys and 3 girls.  With that kind of ratio, it's a b*tch to get into any club.  One plan after another fell through which is how we ended up at LAVO at 11:45PM.  Short line in comparison to TAO and no guestlist needed since we were staying at the hotel.  Free for girls, $15 for guys, which you really can't get any cheaper than that on the Strip on a Saturday night IMO.

I very much enjoyed the music and the scene is definitely not as pretentious as the major nightclubs which is probably why I liked it.  However, no matter how much I enjoyed the music, I HATED how crowded it was.  So crowded that by 1AM, I got stuck in the middle of the dance floor trying to get out and a tall (quite handsome) man had to pick me and place me at the bar because I was freaking out and no one else was caring that a 4'10 little girl was about to get stampeded on.

That's what you get when you're being a cheapass on the Vegas strip I guess.

I really did like the music a lot though.  A lot of hip-hop, R&B, top 40s, mixed in with some 90s rock, and some house.  A good mix.  House has taken over Vegas and it's not my cup of tea when I'm in a short dress and heels.  Just a shame that I had to play babysitter that night.  And that I almost got trampled.

Would I come back?  Maaaaybe.

Yelp 365 challenge #5
Got a comped dinner here with some girlfriends. the food wasn't too bad. the dinner of course was preselected for us. after they took us upstairs to the club area. what a small place! like super small. not the kind of place i want to be in vegas... but good for predrinking since girls had open bar for a bit! of course we left soon after we consumed enough drinks.
Amazing food and ambiance! Italian restaurants are always just eh but this one surpasses all expectations!
Wasn't really feeling the techno-type music they played that night, and I had paid $10 to get in with a coupon. Not bad for my first club in Vegas, I guess. Drinks were typical Vegas ($12-18), so that was expected. It was a smaller place than I thought, so that made it seem really crowded. 

Bottomline: There are better clubs in Vegas.
We went here for dinenr before seeing Jersey Boys and were amazed at how good the food was.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list.  We had the kobe meatball as an appetizer and it was the best meatball I've ever had.  The garlic bread was amazing.  All of our pasta dishes and the carne pizze were very good.  They even brought out a tiramisu as a birthday desert for my fiance.  The decor was beautiful inside - we ate outside overlooking the strip and got to watch the treasure island show from our table.  

They also give you a stamp to come back to the nightclub for free - which is worth a lot in Vegas.  We did come back for the club but it was way too crowded to hang out.  We waited at the bar for 5 minutes before going back down the restaurant bar to get drinks.  We went back up to dance but it was just too crowded to stay.  I think you definitely need a table on a saturday night to have a good time here.  It reminded me of Tao since there were women washing each other in a bathtub.

Overall - dinner was amazing but the club would only get 2 stars for me.
Restaurant review (yelp needs to create separate entries for places that are restaurants and clubs...it's hard to weed through reviews!)

My friend and I felt like having Italian while we were in Vegas, so we decided to try Lavo.  The service was great, but to the point where it got kind of ridiculous...someone was checking up on us almost every 5 minutes during our meal so it felt like too many interruptions.  

Our waiter recommended the meatball appetizer, which turned out to be pretty good...it was the size of a softball and good enough for 4 girls to share.  It was flavorful, but not spectacular.  We were hoping our entrees would turn out better, but things went downhill from there.  I had the seafood Alfredo, which was shrimps and scallops in a light cream Alfredo sauce.  It was so incredibly salty that I only finished a fourth of my plate.  My boyfriend ordered the Chilean sea bass.  The fish itself was well cooked, but it was lacking in flavor.  We also had an order to roasted potatoes with sweet caramelized onions, which was also salty.
Very pretty place with just an incredible amount of people.
Not as enjoyable imo as Tao.

On a sidenote, I wonder how much the girls at Tao get paid to sit in bathtubs naked...
Came here on a Sunday night for the first time.  We got comped drinks for an hour.  They played hip hop, the dance floor was small & crowded.  We ended up staying in one spot, got buzzed and left for XS.
Amazing food! The kobe meatballs changed my life. I had a client dinner here and everyone loved it. My only complaint was that we only had 2 hours for 15 of us to eat and were told very rudely that we needed to leave because our time was up. Try the fried zucchini!
By far, the most claustrophobic night club in Las Vegas from my experience. It's so small, you be surprise it's a club and not a bar. It's located in the Palazzo which is a sister hotel of the Venetian. If you're a guest at either of these hotels, they provide you "tickets" to the club. These "tickets" do not bypass the general line nor the guest list line. It's not even free! You still have to dish out $5 extra (if I remembered) for each admission... I was really intoxicated at that time, but I believe the entrance and exits are through different sides. It was confusing just to get out!

I did not have a good experience at LAVO and will probably not come back unless I was dragged here.
The LAVO nightclub is extremely tiny. I dig it though. I'm used to going to "tiny" nightclubs anyway. When I say "tiny"... I'm talking about the space- not very spacious. From what I could remember there's three bars, one dance floor, a DJ booth, and a VIP area behind the DJ booth.

I'm not fans of nightclubs with multiple levels where the only means of venturing to these levels are stairs. Stairs and heels are not your best friends. Stairs, heels, and intoxication equals bad news bears.

The whole time I was at LAVO... I thought I was at TAO. I had a blast at LAVO... so imagine all the fun I would have at TAO. 

I absolutely loved the music the DJ played. Mainstream Top 40 with a mixture of old school hip hop. I'm a dancing machine and I don't think I ever danced for four hours straight-- nonstop.
Food is fabulous, the staff is great and if you like that type of atmosphere then you will love Lavo. My only words of advice is DO NOT be late for your reservations. The hostesses will purposely wait to seat you. My friend and I overheard the ladies talking about not seating us right away because we were 10 minutes late. The hostesses claim we were 30 minutes late but it was only 10 minutes. They will also not seat you unless your entire party is there. And I mean the entire party even if they are sitting at the bar. You must be absolutely ready to be seated or they will NOT seat you. It's unfortunate that the whole entire experience was not pleasant but most of it was.
We started the day at Tao beach, then ended up at Tao and eventually at LAVO. I had a good experience here. The dance floor is small but I got comped for drinks and was having a grand o' time.

People who stand in line, Vegas have promos from August - October where you don't have to stand in line! You can get the All Access Wristbands and you just cut through everyone! It gives you access to Tao Beach, Tao Nightclub, and Lavo. 

Clubbing in Vegas was fun for us and we had a good experience with the bouncers. I'm glad we didn't experience the drama that everyone else had to go through with the reviews on here or else it would have totally ruined my trip!
One of my most favorite places to eat & pourty while in Vegas!

I went here last weekend with some gal pals and once again, such a delightful experience.  The food is soo delicious.  I tried to warn my friends that we would get full real fast, but they were starving and excited to eat.  First off, I am not a marinara fan, but the marinara sauce they bring out w/ the garlic bread is definitely the best I've ever had.  It is a great dipping sauce to an even more awesome garlic bread.  For appetizers we got some calamari, and a kobe meatball on top of a arugula salad and crostini.  After this, we were already so pleased, satisfied, and pretty much full, yet we went forward w/ our entrees.  I got the special ravioli of the night, filled with ricotta cheese, soo good.  The other gals got the shrimp scampi and seafood alfredo.  Both were also winners.  

After we stuffed our face til we just couldn't stuff it no more, we changed into our flats (it's Vegas... heels in the club can only last you so long, and you don't want to walk barefoot on those streets either!) and went to the LAVO lounge/club portion.  Luckily, we were staying at the Palazzo, so we were able to bypass the long line and get in para gratis.  The upstairs club  is pretty small, compared to the other ones on the strip, but it was still on and crackin'.  We danced a little, then went back downstairs to the lounge and kicked it outside and danced.  The outside patio is perfect cuz it is right on the strip, and you can watch the Sirens show at TI.  It also helps that the weather was about 101 degrees, so it was a beautiful night.  So, we danced the night away outside, inside, upstairs etc.  Great selection of music both upstairs and downstairs. 

LAVO is just fabulous! Great food, great service, great music, and possible celebrity sightings... (last time I saw Robin Leach & a playboy bunny).  Definitely a must every time I am in Vegas.
Dinner was amazing! Night club was a nice place, cool inside and very roomy! The service was amazing everyone who worked there was very nice, helpful, and knowledgeable
We had dinner reservations at TAO and decided to cancel last minute and try out Lavo since we had already been to TAO last year.  The space is really cool inside, I loved the music the DJ was playing and the outdoor seating area where you can have a drink.  The service was great, from the hostess to our waiter everyone was very fast, professional and nice.  My husband and I were not hungry at all and didn't get to try any of the appetizers, we both ordered Lobster and the Mashed Potatoes, the Lobster was great, the Mashed Potatoes were awesome!! I could not stop eating them, they were a perfect balance of Garlic and cheese.  
After dinner the hostess asked if we wanted a stamp so that we can you to the nightclub, we said sure and headed out to the nightclub.  After looking at the line we practically ran the other way.  Trashy, young...did I say trashy? I know this is Vegas but come on girls when you can't walk in your 6 inch stilettos and have to keep pulling your dress down to cover your butt, something is not right!  I would definitely go back for dinner/drink but that's about it!
A little small club... extremely crowed... can't really dance

Awesome bartenders!
LAVO tries really hard to be good at the three things it is: an upscale restaurant, a club, and a lounge.  It really excels at none, but is worth going to none-the-less if it's a slow night, especially if you're staying at Palazzo.

As for the food, get the Kobe (obviously not proper Kobe) stuffed rice balls and just be happy with those - they're absolutely phenomenal.  Go outside for a hookah on the balcony if it's nice enough out, then head upstairs for some shoulder to shoulder dancing on Vegas' smallest dance floor.  The VIP area behind the DJ booth is nice, but if you're able to get a table on the side of the floor, it's considerably better.  Drinks are weak and overpriced but you already knew that.  Music at the club ranges from crappy to okay ... I was never really wowed.  If you're a Palazzo Prestige cardholder, you get to skip the long line and if it's not jam packed, they'll wave your cover.
I don't know what Lavo's nightclub is like, but based on three dining experiences here, I will keep coming back for the food. The latest outing was to take advantage of some attractive Restaurant Week offerings. 

We chose patio dining this time, and I was surprised to see that my party of four were seated directly across from the TI show, which we actually saw while we dined. As far as the show is concerned, I liked it better in its earlier sea battle incarnation minus the sexy sirens. 

Management was much more rigid this year than last when during Restaurant Week they graciously substituted Veal Parmesan for Chicken Parmesan at no additional cost, and agreed to substitute Alfredo Sauce for Marinara Sauce to cover a pounded veal cutlet. Even though I offered to pay an extra charge if required, the waitress apologetically reported that the manager said that absolutely no substitutions would be allowed on Restaurant Week menu selections, including changing a sauce. But the requested substitution of one sauce for another was permitted at no extra charge when my wife ordered the Veal Parmesan from the regular, higher priced menu. This technicality struck me as rather petty--especially since the requested accommodations were made during Restaurant Week 2010. But at least requested Lemon Aioli was provided gratis to go with the Calamari, and service all night was otherwise excellent. 

Complimentary buttery and crunchy baked Garlic Bread served with a very mellow Marinara Sauce was an excellent beginning. And, the blond rings of Calamari were all soft, tender, and delicious, whether with just a few added drops of lemon, dipped in the Marinara Sauce, or dunked in the smooth Lemon Aioli. 

A Chopped "Louie" Salad served as a first course was probably miscast. This lovely dish was an entree in itself. Featuring many pieces of cold shrimp and large hunks of chilled lobster, along with Cherry Tomatoes, zucchini, red pimento, black olives, celery, and pepperoncini all tossed in a light House Vinaigrette Dressing, it was a great salad. The salad was presented with an 18-inch cheese stick on top that extended well beyond both sides of the plate. This cheesy bread product was praiseworthy in its own right. 

Brick Oven Salmon Oreganato, prepared with seasoned breadcrumbs, lemon, white wine, sun-dried tomatoes, and garlic butter, was moist and flavorful. And, it rested atop moist but slightly crunchy julienned vegetables that included zucchini. This was one of the few restaurants I have been where diners are asked whether they would like their fish to be prepared "medium" or some other degree of doneness. I stuck to medium, and was happy with the result. 

Pounded veal covered generously with Mozzarella Cheese and Alfredo Sauce was also tender and light but a bit too salty. A fellow diner pronounced his Filet Mignon and the Bearnaise Sauce that accompanied it "good." The visibly pink inside of the meat was clearly cooked medium rare as ordered. And, glistening Rosemary Potatoes served in a skillet were moist, buttery, and fork tender. They were an excellent choice for a side. 

Two premium desserts shared the stage to complete a memorable repast: Tiramisu and Strawberry Cheese Cake. The Tiramisu was moist and creamy, and obviously made with Mascarpone, chocolate, some alcoholic beverage, and some coffee flavoring. They were respectively Marsala Wine and Espresso. The Strawberry Cheese Cake was delicious but surprisingly light.  Its crust was crumbly and tasty. 

Both desserts were pretty looking, as well. The bi-level Tiramisu reminded me of a log cabin with its six edible Lady Finger logs glued together with Mascarpone. And, the Strawberry Cheese Cake featured white upper and lower layers of fresh Ricotta Cheese, and a pink middle layer of Strawberry Cream. Its top was adorned with bright red Strawberry Sauce and three strawberry slices, and resting beside this delectable dessert was a high mound of Whipped Cream and more oozing Strawberry Sauce. 

It was a great meal, but I dread getting on the scale in the morning!
No one can dispute the restaurant's beauty; LAVO (the restaurant) is beatific in all aspects: an all-around dark setting, grandiose dimly-lit chandeliers, fresh floral arrangements perched everywhere, stone wall-fountains with water softly trickling down them, and Cabernet music humming throughout the restaurant...the list is endless. And of course, the food was savory, and the waiters were too. After eating at the restaurant, we moseyed upstairs to the club.

AS FOR THE CLUB: it's not "kind of small", it's hella small! For sure it's small, what the hell. Some would call it "intimate", and I would disagree. The crowd was rough, people were pushing, and it was impossible to dance, which sucked, because the DJ was actually spinning great music...and I wanted to dance! In my opinion, they should've stopped admitting people into the club, it was just too sweaty, rowdy, and gross.

However, I won't completely shortchange LAVO, it has an open bar till 11PM, and still honored it 10-15 minutes passed the hour. And its interior design/decor is nice, I vaguely remember fountains, seashell mosaic artwork, and lots of cream and cerulean blue colors. I also won't overlook that we met some nice fellas that bought us two rounds of drinks, either. Needless to say, we left after only being there 35 minutes because my friend was about to get in a fight with a guy, my friend's a girl. We're classy ladies, what can I say.
Lavo is our default club in vegas. Which is a positive. 
For all the multiple times that we've gone out in vegas, somehow LAVO is where we end up at. 

Line is relatively short and on some nights they have open bar for ladies 11-12. 
It's much more intimate than TAO yet with somewhat of the same dance floor perimeter as TAO's main room. 

Love the fact that there is a lounge downstairs to rehydrate and rest your feet.

its a nice escape from all the house music you hear at the bigger clubs. thumbs up.
This review is for the restaurant only. 

I got the chef's special (seafood pasta) which was pretty good and my bf got the roasted Chilean sea bass---which IS TO DIE FOR!  Although my dish was pretty good, his dish was so good that it really overshadowed everything else and I found myself reaching over to help myself more often than not lol.  The sea bass was so savory and tender; it literally melts in your mouth.  I highly recommend getting this plate when you're there.  

The cool thing about eating here is you get to cut the line and get in their night club for FREE!  (Just tell your server that you want to go to the nightclub and he'll do the rest.)
This is just for the Restaurant.

This was for our "special dinner" before going to see Phantom. 
Normally this is a little too "upscale" for us, but I really wanted a nice dinner. It was SO worth it. And we didn't feel out of place at all.

Amazing. That is one word to sum it up. We requested to be seated outside, and we were promptly taken out. Amazing table with view of the Siren Show at TI. BONUS! Plus just the vibe of sitting above the strip has such good energy!

The bread that comes out is great, the marinara sauce is a bit plain, but by all means is not bad. We shared a Caesar salad, and my goodness it was HUGE. It was a great salad. The dressing was so good. Quite enjoyable! Our server was excellent. Fast and not pushy at all. I ordered the Margarita  Pizza and my husband ordered the Chicken Parm. My pizza was exceptional. Flat bread, cheesy. Delish! His chicken plate was HUGE. It was very yummy. 

Tiramisu was great. Some of the best I've had. It tasted so fresh. 
I would definitely eat here again!! Well done Lavo!
Restaurant review only. 

Excellent 5 star restaurant!

First class all the way!

Tip - Try the fried oreo's! YUM!!!!
I only know about the restaurant, and frankly it's all I need to know. 

I ate off of a special restaurant week menu, which thankfully had everything I wanted to try on it. But before I get into my ordered food, I have to discuss the garlic bread. If I told you there was crack in here you'd understand and still eat it. This is the best garlic bread in the world. 

For an app I got the calamari, which was excellent. Entree I had a chicken parm that was only 10% smaller than my plate. I was shocked when it didn't come with a side of spaghetti, but honestly it would've gone to waste. This was the emperor of chicken parm.

And lastly but honestly you should probably eat this first because it's so good is the Oreo zeppole. Dip it in the shake, eat it whole, take small bites, do whatever you need to eat this little piece of heaven.

Whenever I'm in town again I'm guaranteeing another trip.
I ate at the restaurant and partied at the club. Here's the scoop on both solidly 3-star establishments. 

Dinner: meh. Bring a sweater. 

The restaurant is pretty enough aesthetically, but FREEZING! We were dressed to impress for the club later, and literally all had hypothermia before the second course. We had to go sit outside for an hour before bracing ourselves to re-enter for the club. And the food was just so-so. The portion sizes were really all over the place. Some girls in our group ended up with 5 pounds of pasta in heavy meat sauce that could have fed all ten of us. I ordered the handmade ravioli special and received 6 dainty little sachets of ravioli in a dribble of sauce that left me wondering if there was a Jimmy John's nearby. Sure, the entrees themselves were alright. But they need to work on the portion size. The lobster bisque was impressive, the calamari was good. Our server was attentive. Our check came out to about $75 per person, pretty typical for a nicer Vegas dinner spot. All that said, I probably won't be back. Too many other options without portion and climate control issues and with lower prices. 

Club: some good parts, some bad. 

I was in a group of 10 girls for a bachelorette party. A promoter got us in without a line or cover and gave us a roped off table along the dance floor with a sweet platform to dance on behind it, as well as hidden cubbies for purses. AND we drank for free until 1:30am. Of all the various deals and line jumping and free booze the promoters threw at us that weekend, this was the best treatment anywhere. We were VIPs and didn't pay a cent all night except tipping the bartender and waitress. 5 stars for how we were treated. 

Sadly, this is a 3-star club. The clientele was not the typical "beautiful people" group you see at nice Vegas clubs. Cramming all these folks into a tiny space didn't help, because I was smushed and stepped on quite a bit so perhaps I had less patience with my fellow club patrons. However, out of all ten of us, not a SINGLE GIRL talked to or danced with a SINGLE GUY the entire time we were there. There was literally no one worth leaving our little roped off area for. Once the free drinks ended, we peaced out. Too many people in too small a space, mediocre music, and sub-par clientele. Too many other clubs that do it better. No thanks.
If I was back home in Seattle, I would consider it a good club, but for Vegas one deserves better.  Cramped and dark.  When I stopped by on a Sunday night, the music was mainly techno.
For the club....

Cons:
Small venue.  Sucky beats.  Crowded.  Sweaty, shmelly bodies packed in like sardines.  Grabbed by too many icky guys here. This was around 11:30pm on a saturday.  Maybe it's better earlier on a different night?

Pros:  
None really other then we got in for free with only a 15 minute wait.
I heard that if you dine here you automatically get into the club with no cover or  wait.  I think I would still pass though.
So this was the second ever club I've been to in Vegas.  We went on a Sunday night and I wasn't expecting it to be crackin', but surprisingly it was!.  The crowd was a little older (late 20's early 30's) but that was still cool.  I met about 30 women from Canada that night.  I assume they all came together? haha  The music was pretty good, and the crowd was also pretty good overall.  the club isn't very big but it was decorated very nicely.  Also, with the help of some people everyone in my group was able to get in for free with a little tip.  In the end, all my friends and I had a great time there and I would definitely go there again!
So disappointing!  The food was average - I've had much better Italian in little ol' Columbus Ohio.  

Highlights: the garlic bread and the service.  We were about to order WAY too much food and our server stopped us in our tracks.  He saved us a ton of money and waste - it was greatly appreciated.

Lowlights: the famous meat ball - good but not fabulous and the salmon was fishy.  

With all the great restaurants in Vegas this is not worth it.
*Dinner and Club All in one Review*

Its a celebration bitchez!

Dinner reservations here for a dirty 30 surprise.  Group of about 12 and the service was superb.  Lavo was great at helping setup the special event complete with a specially ordered cake that they took delivery of and had ready for us at dinner.  That's going the extra mile.  They really catered nicely and made the night memorable.  The staff took pictures, suggested food, kept the drinks flowing, had some friendly conversations, and it  was all truly authentic and sincere.

As for the food it was hit and miss on a few items.

Bread - very good garlicky and toasted

Calamari - just your average calamari nothing special about it

Kobe meatballs - all though I feel a meatball is a waste of kobe beef, this was flavorful and a filling appetizer.

Rigatoni Sausage Bolognese - Pasta was a bit undercooked and sauce wasn't anything special 

With the dinner we got free entry to the night club and got to skip the line.  The club itself is really small compared to other places like XS and Marquee.  Its more like a bar with a small dance floor.  We got in when it was pretty empty then they let the general line in and the place filled up wall to wall in the blink of an eye.  We decided to leave after that since it was pretty uncomfortable with no room to relax.  They do play mainstream hip hop though which is hard to find in Vegas these days.

As far as a foodie destination or hot club, individually LAVO doesnt really deliver.  However if your planning a special dinner and drinks event than its a pretty nice all in one package and the staff will work to make it a memorable night.
Small-ish club, cramped, music was just alright. Seemed like there were a lot more guys than girls to me. Drinks were not watered down and free for me with the little drink band so I'm not complaining. I was with a lot of girls for my cousin's bachelorette party so we didn't wait in line or pay. The only strange part to me was how many flights of stairs you go up to get in there and then at the top a bathtub on the side of the stairway with girls in bikini's bathing each other umm that's the strangest "decor" I've ever seen but it didn't bother me but it may bother others. Let's face it, dress hot enough and you can do whatever you want in Vegas :) Next time I go I'm going to try the restaurant, walking past the diners inside to get to the club the food looked very tasty.
5 stars for the restaurant and 3 stars for the night club

Be ready to eat, because they feed you lots and it is super tasty!

Restaurant must haves:
- garlic bread - the waiter had told us it was pretty amazing.  I was thinking "really, it's just garlic bread"...all I can say is "It's pretty amazing"
- meatball as an appetizer (one meatball satisfies 4 people as an appetizer)
- Rigatoni Bolognese - Delicious!!  I have been looking for a great bolognese ever since the one time that I ordered something else and my friend ordered the bolognese.  We were supossed to be sharing plates, but once he started eating...he got greedy and only shared one bite...I was so jealous of his food while I ate my so-so food (that he had suggested).  

Night Club:
The bouncers working the night club was snooty, acting like the club was some super special high class club.  It's like all clubs in Vegas - pretty people, music, dancing and expensive drinks.  Nothing special!
So I had to think long and hard before giving a review to LAVO.  I booked VIP service through Nite Tours (they're great, btw... so please give them business if looking for VIP service in Vegas).  

The club plays good music but it is absolutely crowded.  There is no room to socialize, no room to hang out (unless you drop a g on table and bottle service) and if you want to dance... forget it... the dance floor is packed and you are constantly being pushed around. 

I also paid $14 for a watered down rum and diet... which would've been ok had it been a good place to hang out.... but with the squalid conditions it offers, I'll go elsewhere.
Yum, yum, yum! 

When I am in Vegas there are a few things I look for in a restaurant. First and foremost I want the food to be fabulous, check! I want the atmosphere to be alive. I didn't come to Vegas to order room service or go to some quiet empty place. And I want good service. 

Lavo passed all my 'Vegas requirements' with flying colors. When you arrive you are brought warm garlic bread and marinara sauce. It's the perfect start to the meal and it's hard not to eat all of it.  

For starters we shared what seemed to me to be the worlds largest meatball. It was fantastic - moist, and flavorful. Also covered in that tart and sweet marinara sauce.  We also had the beet salad. A healthy choice still packed with tastiness. 

For entrees we had the chicken, the pasta and a steak. Everything was delicious!
I got invited by one of my besties to check out Lavo this past week and I am utterly in love with the restaurant, if a bit underwhelmed by the nightclub.

It was a Tuesday night and the entire place from the lounge, to the restaurant to the nightclub was packed.  We had martinis to start out and their absolutely delicious garlic bread with marinara was sent out.  Wisely we each only had a piece to save room for the food the chef was sending out to us.    We didn't actually order off the menu since we were just sent out a few small plates to taste.  Our waiter brought us a margeherita flat bread pizza, spicy egg plant and buffalo mozzarella pasta and garlic mashed potatoes.  All were melt in your mouth yummy, I couldn't stop eating the pasta (to the misfortune of my little cocktail dress) it had the tangy tomato fondue taste with buffalo mozzarella and then this divine after bite of spicy eggplant.  

We also had dessert, one of Lavo's specialties, deep friend oreos. Now this is not your typical carnival food.  This was a beignet wrapped around an oreo with a side of cookies and cream ice cream for dipping.  Heaven.

The restaurant had a live DJ and it was on the energetic side but the music was at the right volume to easily carry on a conversation.  Also, Neil, are server was great!  Very attentive, knowledgeable and funny.

We went up to the nightclub after and ehhh...I've been to alot better, most of Vegas in fact.  The vibe was alot of fun, they had a good DJ spinning house music but the club is too small and far too crowded for me.  I like to actually be able to dance more.
Every time I've come here, it was for the FREE open bar for the ladies. If you're with guys, there goes drinks for them. & if you're with girls, well...it's time to down as many drinks as you can, haha! There's only one bar with maybe 4 bartenders, so have a gameplan if you're trying to get drink after drink (ie. Just stay near the bar). 

I really enjoy the music at LAVO. Pretty small place, so it gets super crowded quick. 

I'd definitely recommend coming here for the FREE open bar for ladies, but probably wouldn't spend your whole night here (unless you came with guys who had to pay to get in..that'd be just rude if you asked me).
I heart this place!!!!

It's an AMAZING place to go have dinner and then go straight to the club upstairs afterwards.  The club is super fun too!  I would suggest making a 9 pm dinner reservation & by the time your done the club is jumping-walla super easy!  I was impressed with the club's music and how nice it was!  The restaurant bar is good too for a pre-dinner drink they have a little lounge area where you can sit and relax as well it's complete with a separate DJ too!

The LAVO staffers are extremely friendly, very attentive and knowledgeable about the food!  The bouncers upstairs at the club went above and beyond. One showed me which way the restroom was, with his little flashlight, and almost basically walked me to the door.

Now the food-very tasty, in fact I have more visitors in this weekend & I had so much fun last weekend I'll probably take them there again.  We started with the beef carpaccio and arugula salad...they server garlic bread with tasty tomato sauce that I wanted to eat with my fork!  Was delicious!  We got the Kobe meatball and spaghetti dinner and I'd totally order that again.

This place is a go in my opinion.
Review of Restaurant Only

Surprisingly walked in with no reservation at around 10ish for dinner. Great decor, good food, but I had higher hopes for the actual atmosphere of the place. 
Prices are up there, $28 dollar ravioli gets you 6 ravioli that are maybe an inch and a half in diameter. So if you're really hungry you might want to order an appetizer.
The food came out within 5 minutes before the bread made it out and we wound up getting our garlic bread with sauce to dip in when we were almost through with the meal. I could probably have eaten the whole plate of garlic bread myself. So good.
Tiramisu is a a large enough portion for 2 to easily share.

Things I didn't like...
The square tables are awkward to sit at. the foot of the table blocks the space where your feet would normal be so if you decide to wear a dress like I did you wind up with your knees together and one foot on each side of the bottom of the table.
Paper on the tablecloths are kind of annoying when you're paying almost $30 a plate.
The majority of people there seemed like groups of girls and the (pretty loudly) music made me feel like I was at a bachelorette or girl's 21st birthday. Girl's Just Wanna Have fun and the like played for most of the time I was there until they just gave up and played a Michael Jackson's greatest hits CD. Tables with groups of tipsy ladies squealed and stood up mid dinner to sing and dance at their tables accordingly.

Probably wouldn't come back unless I was with a group that was dying to come here, especially since there's a Lavo in NYC now and its not somewhere I can only go on vacation.
its was a thursday night and one of my Co managers at our Rest. had a table there for his GF birthday. After we closed the bar I took one of my bartender with me to go check it out becasue I never been there before. When we got there the doormen were very rude( like all wanna be fat, tuff UFC clowns) I told them my friend had a table there after they ate dinner and they are still here and were on the list to going them. I also give him my card and told him i was a GM of a place in PH if they every needed anything trying to be nice. Still dick heads and wont let us in to see if my boy was there because my phone was dead. The manager came over and same thing just a dickhead. They didnt even care to let us check when we were on the list for the table. wowow 
we went to TAO and walked right in because the Managers there were cool.
It's one of the smaller upscale nightclubs, but by far it has the best music. Some places are getting a little carried away with these mashups, so it's nice when a deejay actually knows his music. It was a great mix of new, old, and greatest hits. The dance floor is a little small, but there are plenty of tables for larger groups. Go early, unless you've got a table or you're a jet-setting VIP.
This review is for the new Saturday Champagne Brunch launch party. 

Glow sticks, sunglasses, whistles, beautiful people and really loud music. It was the place to be and be seen Saturday. Me? I came for the food. Completely unimpressed. 

Lemon-Ricotta Waffles- They had a very sour taste that could have come from the cheese/yogurt or the lemons. It certainly was off and everyone at the table agreed. 

Pancakes with a Fruit Compote- The consistency of the flapjack was light, fluffy, yet tasteless. The fruit was dull and lacked sweetness. 

Brick oven Margherita Pizza- This was the saving grace. 2 feet long and packed with warmth from the herbs and lightly sauced and cheesed. We devoured it. 

Crispy Garlic Fries- It was the perfect fry. The only item besides the pizza we enjoyed. 

It's too loud to eat let alone have a conversation. The energy and crowd was that of a Vegas nightclub at 2am. Girls in short dresses dancing on tables and guys in sunglasses and chucks standing against the walls. FYI- ladies watch your purse. In fact, bring a clutch. While I was taking a picture we had two bottles of Voss and sunglasses taken from our table. Ugh. 

It's for the young party rockers! That's what they are going for and it works. DJ Vice let us have it with his sick beats! I'm not gonna lie. I spent half the time dancing and all of the time spinning out on Sugar Free Red Bulls and Belvedere. A good time was had, but will I be back for the brunch party? HELL NO. This just isn't my scene.
This is a review of the Lavo Night Club ONLY.

We arrived at the door with passes for Lavo with our group of 17. We spoke with the door man and he told us that he could not accommodate 17 people, unless we purchased bottle service ($1500 minimum)....as they were letting about 20 people into the club who were not together. We asked if we broke our group up into smaller groups could we get in and and the bouncer said "No you already said 17, so you have to get bottle service or we cannot let you in" WTF!? Trying to force bottle service is tacky at best. What a joke. So we got out of line and wondered over to V Bar, where they were more than happy to accommodate our group without bottle service. Later I was told that Lavo was run by the same people who ran Tao Nightclub and it all made sense..... both places radiate douche bag ambiance. I expected more...
I went to Lavo for the nightclub only so I cannot comment on the food. We went to several clubs during our short stint in Vegas. Aside from Lavo, we also went to Rain, Ghost Bar, and Playboy club, Lavo was the best of all these clubs. The layout of Rain is much better than Lavo, as Lavo is very small and a bit cramped. Regardless, the atmosphere at Lavo is pretty awesome. The small layout actually makes for a more intimate club setting. The décor is reminiscent of a dungeon in a way because of all the antique looking chandeliers - not that it was a bad thing. 

There is only one bar so naturally it takes a while to get a drink. The drinks were good and relatively inexpensive by Vegas standards. For example I ordered a kamikaze which used aboslut vodka for $8.00. The best part of Lavo though is definitely the music. The DJ that night was an Asian guy (didn't catch his name) but he was really good. They play your typical tops 40's music, with some hip-hop classics and then nice dosages of house/trance remixes. I wish I remembered his name because the DJ truly made the club. 

I'm not sure how much the cover is because we got in for free via a promo through the Venetian hotel. Either way though, you won't be disappointed.
Another restaurant/nightclub owned by the Tao Group and they know how to set things up. 

The Restaurant - Italian inspired/themed and for the price, a very good Italian restaurant. We have done a few group dinners and birthdays here and the food does not disappoint. The kobe meatballs are awesome and the various pasta dishes are all very good. Everyone in our group is usually very happy with what they ordered. Definitely a restaurant to check out if you are looking for a hip/trendy place, although it can get loud due to the crowd, lounge inside, and music.

The Nighclub - It's a lot smaller than most of the other mega clubs as it upstairs from the restaurant. Only one smaller dance floor and two elevated areas that houses the tables and main bar. I usually get bottle service here and it is definitely far less expensive than some of the other mega clubs in Las Vegas. It has its own unique smaller club vibe, but can be hit or miss in terms of the quality of the crowd. They do have good nights on Sunday and Tuesday (industry night) and the Friday/Saturday night is packed, but definitely not to the scale of the other mega clubs in Vegas.
Wasn't expecting a great experience at Lavo...but was shockingly surprised

First Lavo is the Italian sister to the now famous Tao.  It is decorated in a French 1920s bisto type of very elegant way.

First the service was top notch as is the drink menu.  The menu is varied with pizza, steaks, pasta and main dishes.  Their signature app is their kobe meatball.  I dont eat meat, but when in Rome....The meat was fantatstic as was the richness of the sauce

For the main, I had the pasta, which was fresh with a very good red sauce.  Italian restaurants should have a good red sauce.  My colleagues had assorted pork, sea bass and steak dishes and enjoyed them thoroughly(then again I was buying)

For dessert, I was urged to order the Oreo(waitress was awesome, forgot her name, but she just turned 30)  The oreo is underneath a beinet, a french donut...I went to school in New Orleans, where these little hunks of fried wonder originate...great choice, great meal
Want a easy way to get into a club without waiting in line and paying cover? Hit up LAVO for dinner and get a stamp to enter the club for free. My friends and I opted for this route because our guy/girl ratio was not good. The restaurant is pricey, but their food portions are quite large and I thought the food was pretty good. The guys all got the prix fixe meal and there was too much food for everyone even though all the girls only got entrees. I had the sea bass and it was just the right amount of fish (I also had some of the calamari app, the kobe meatball, and tiramisu dessert). The Kardashian clan was there too and it wasn't all hectic with fans so we weren't bothered. 

The club was alright, the music wasn't the greatest because I just don't care for house (and the dj kept yelling stuff like "I can't hear you St. Tropez or Barcelona"... it was really weird and random and he would turn OFF the music to yell stuff)... but when you don't pay cover and you want to get guys in a Vegas club, it was perfect. The club wasn't crazy crowded which I liked since I could dance on the dance floor (as opposed to a mosh pit), actually get drinks at the bar and use the restroom without a line. 

I would consider going here again
This place is a solid 3.5 stars.

The club is definitely 4 stars. Great music/dancing, lots of energy, good looking people, and top notch celebrities (like kim kardashian!!!!). Tip..if the little area by the smaller bar/elevators is free, take over it as your own little VIP area and skip the bottle service.

The restaurant is a solid 3 stars. The food is pretty average italian food, but with a meal you get free entry into the club and get to skip the line. The service was good, but our waiter just seemed to brag about all of the celebrities that he's met and how much those celebrities like to spend on drinks. It was kind of cool to hear that kim kardashian and the kid from jerry maguire were there that night, but hearing him go on and on...kind of got old..fast..
LA LA LOVE LAVO!!! Went here for the club!

Stayed in the Palazzo so got into this place for free! It was pretty bumpin on this Saturday night. Bouncers were friendly and the club has a sexy feel to it. A LOT smaller than TAO. I mean TAO is like 39843983983 bigger than LAVO. But it's QUALITY, not QUANTITY! I tell ya... Vegas makes THE BEST washington apples! The bartender made it perfect!!! My drink was $12 I think... not bad... we're in VEGAS people! The music was bumpin and the dance floor was PACKED!!! The bathrooms are clean and there's just enough air conditioning. 5 stars for me!!!
Review is for the restaurant only.

Overall great!  The Kobe beef meatball appetizer is amazing, must try! Good to share for probably up to 4 people.  We also tried the lobster appetizer and it was good.   The garlic bread and marinara sauce was also good.  For dinner we shared veil parmesan and spaghetti with Kobe beef meatballs (yeah, we loved the Kobe beef meatball soo much we had to get some more).  Both dishes were great, tasty and cooked to perfection.  Tried 3 deserts, tiramisu, strawberry shortcake and raspberry cheesecake (we took the strawberry shortcake and the raspberry cheese cake home for the kids).    Loved the tiramisu and the kids loved their deserts as well.
Went to dinner here a few weeks ago as part of a large group.
Overall experience left us all happy-- 
Waiter was friendly and engaging.
Tuna Tartare and Beef Carpaccio were fresh and good-  the later was a first for a few in the group and they both were pleasantly surprised.
I had the roasted Chilean Sea Bass-- which was perfect.
I shared the Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with a friend, and we both agreed that is had a strange flavor-- seasoning- although I can't pinpoint what it was, wasn't a fit for the broccoli.
We all decided to go for desert since the dinner had been decadent- why not top it off? right
I don't remember what it was called- but I do know what it consisted of-- battered and fried oreo cookies and vanilla ice cream.
It was one of those things that although you know you shouldn't be eating it-- it was worth every bite.
I went to dinner here on a Friday night around 8pm. They offered us inside or out, and we ended up on the patio with a decent view of the strip and great view of the pirate show at T.I. 

We started off by talking to the server about the menu and ordering a bottle of wine. It was evident they were really pushing the kobe meatballs, (from our discussion with the server as well as listening to servers talking to tables around us). The meatballs were good but not the incredible meatballs we were expecting. It was more of a large ball of meatloaf. 

For dinner we had calamari, a pizza and the chicken parm., all was OK but the chicken was very sub par with a rubbery texture almost. The service was good for the most part but missing the little touches that make you want to pay 30+ an entree, especially with so many choices in Vegas. 

I was nervous going in because of the fact that is doubles as a nightclub and owned by the same group as Tao. The meal was all in all OK, but would next time visit a different place. 

The most annoying part of it all, we asked to speak to the manager about coming back to check out the nightclub. They said no problem show the host your receipt and they will stamp you for re entry. After our show around midnight we showed up and offered the (bouncer ??) our wrist with the stamps, two of them looked at each other and laughed as if this was a common practice. 

We ended up going in anyway and the club had a good feel and nice layout, just a little empty.
Went here for an industry party...it was great!

Our drinks were superb, appetizers were yummy!!

Ambiance was amazing...as to be expected in a Vegas Nightclub...we had our own private floor, which was nice to be able to mingle and talk to everyone.  

Sadly, didn't stay long because of our dinner reservations, but great place.
it's a party!....in your living room...

LAVO is tiny for my expectations of a Vegas club.  Pro: you can easily scan the floor for cuties or possible one-nighters. Con: you can EASILY scan the whole dance floor.  There was an open bar for the ladies, so that includes double-fisting and an assembly line of passing drinks to the fellas.  Overall, i had fun since there was a good dj and good company.

Future reminder: i was just told the fried oreos here are the bee's knees so i shall be visiting again.
The Menu is very deceiving. 
If you get a house special don't expect to get pasta with it like you would at a normal Italian restaurant. Which is what happened to me when I ordered my chicken Milanese and my friend who ordered a shrimp scampi. So I guess you can only get "pasta" in the pasta section. The spaghetti carbonara was extremely oily and too salty. 

The Service was TERRIBLE and it wasn't even a busy night. We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and it was pretty steady not overly crowded so I really don't understand the delay that we had with our meals.The appetizers arrived in a very timely matter, but after that it took about 45 minutes for the entrees to get to our table. The waiter never checked on our table to see if we liked our food until the very end when he knew we were upset. My friend ordered a baked potato as a side dish that didn't even arrive till the very end of the meal and they didn't even notice that we were missing one. Once we mentioned that we were waiting for our side it still took them almost 25 minutes to even bring it out to us, on top of that the baked potato was COLD! By then we were already done with the meal and asked if the potato could be taken off the bill. The only think I can say was good is that I never ran out of water because the bus boy was the only tentative one. I will not be returning.
Went for Halloween and was on guest list.  Wait was long!! We waited for over and hour and decided to leave.  

We have been there before and there wasnt a wait but place isnt that big.  

May try to go back next time if someone wants to go but not for Halloween.
Date/Time:  Thursday - 9:30pm
Occasion:   Dinner before madness
Party of:  Five
Ordered:  beef carpaccio, tuna tartare, bleu cheese wedge salad, crispy fried calamari, crispy french fries, penne alla vodka pasta, maine lobster, strawberry short-cake dessert, and deep fried oreos.
Total incl gratuity: $?

Before starting the madness on industry night, we stopped by LAVO for a fairly light dinner.  We ordered an array of different appetizers, entrees, and desserts.   The wait was lengthy and unfortunately, the food and service were only mediocre. Considering the prices - averaging $20/appetizer and $30-$40/entrees, I think the food could have been a lot better.  I was more impressed with the appetizers than the actual entrees.  The beef carpaccio had nice flavor and was served with parmesan crisps, which was a nice touch.  The tuna tartare is worth ordering.  Fresh tuna with just the right pinch of citrus.  The pasta and lobster were both sub-par; they were both lacking in flavor.  Nothing that was worth paying premium prices for.

If you're big on desserts, try the deep-fried oreos. It sounds ridiculously fattening, and I'm sure they, however they are heavenly.  Little warm oreos deep fried in batter and served with vanilla ice cream.  Do I really need to say more?

Overall, LAVO is convenient and a great comfortable setting for getting together with friends, although don't come here expecting a magical culinary experience.
Things I loved about this place....

Decor
Tuna Tartare and Crispy Fried Calamari appetizers
Spaghetti with Kobe Meatball dinner
Banana Bread Brittle dessert
Helpful/Witty Staff
The flowing WINE

Things I did not love about this place...

Nothing
Although I like how they decorated the place, it is way too small.  I had positive experiences in the past for bachelorette parties where the place wasn't jammed pack. My most recent experience (Halloween weekend) left me disappointed.  

The line was ridiculously long but my friends and I were able to get in fast.  Once we got in, we could barely move inside.  The dance floor upstairs was overcrowded, as well as the bar area.  It got old very fast when security would yell at me "YOU CAN'T STAND THERE," when it was clearly obvious that there wasn't room for standing space.

We left at 12:30 and the line was still ridiculously long.  Avoid this place on Halloween weekend if you can!
I'm a local, I tell people to go here.  I love the downstairs motif!  I also love the fact that you can bop around the Palazzo, drink & gamble, then go to dinner and the club all in the same place.  Eating here is like the start of your night, puts you in the right mood.

staff is super nice too! always nice bouncers here, will escort you to the ladies as you push yourself through the hoards of people.
If you are a local, BE WARNED:  LAVO is la lovely dining environment operated by "hustlers" for bar tenders and wait staff.  Nothing sophisticated or welcoming about the place.  Before you even situate yourself at the empty bar (5pm), the bar tenders yell "i'll need an id and credit card".  An ID and credit card in order to place an order for an appetizer at the empty bar because we were told to WAIT A WHILE for someone to come and seat us in the EMPTY dining room! ?!    No such thing as a "good evening" or "welcome" - to any patron that followed us.  Trying to get the wait staff to ask the kitchen for fettucci instead of spaghetti for our carbonara dish was nearly impossible.  When ordering iced tea with our dinner (which actually turned out to be tasteless filthy-looking water), the wait staff  told us "oh, and we charge $4 for refills of the iced tea".  No one cared to ask if our food was prepared to our liking, no interaction what so ever.  The food was average and the dining area is cramped for space.  We will not be returning to Lavo.  We prefer the personality, value, quality and consistency of food that WYNN AND ENCORE restaurants have to offer.  Upon leaving we asked the hostess for a comment card whereby she replied "we don't use comment cards".  That pretty much put the nail in the coffin for them.  Yelp was the next best thing.
My girlfriends and I came here to have a nice dinner on our last night out in Vegas. This place lived up to expectations. The food was fabulous, and the wait staff was attentive and friendly. Even the starters (bread and salad) were absolutely yummy! Although it's a bit pricey, this place is definitely recommended to "class it up" in sin city. We initially chose this location, because we wanted to go to the club after, but we never made it there unfortunately!
We danced awhile on a packed dance floor to the latest in hip hop and electronica but I did notice the restaurant area was strangely empty nevertheless my bacardi and coke was strong. Since my wife and I wanted to experience the Las Vegas club life this seemed like the perfect place oh we had free passes there was a phalanx of security at the front door and none of those absurd rules like having the right shoes or color of your clothing to get you in the club. We were impressed with the sound and lighting system that pulsated to the music. Overall the people working here were friendly and helpful especially our bartender who had the patience of a saint.
Had a great night last tuesday.

Free admit and open bar with a can of food, thanksgiving food drive.

Short (5 min) wait in line.  Door and Security people were really nice.

Gabriel and Dresden spinning some of the best remixes in the house music genre and a bunch of original songs.

Only downside, I think less than a third of the crowd had actually heard of them, typical las vegas. Flipside to that was it was not that crowded, you could walk right up to the DJs.

Complementary glowsticks got a little annoying by the end of the night.
- kobe a-5 meatballs are INSANELY good. 
- hugh restaurant and great nightclub. All attached. 
- heavy concentration of celebs. 
- great bar crowd. loud and lots of energy.
- really cool bathrooms here.
- Nice outdoor seating available overlooking the strip.
Great lounge experience. Door staff and cocktail waitresses were really nice. We got VIP seating and two bottles for the price of one. Fun place with good music and nice vibe. Definitely recommend getting bottles and a table if you wanna have a home base to sit and rest your feet after lots of dancing!
Here for the marathon and wanted to have some good Italian food to carb up so to speak.  Three couples who love good food, good wine and good times.

This is a hip, fun, loud... see and be seen kind of place that happens to have fabulous food!  The service is impeccable and the vibe is exciting.
What you get:
 - Awesome food and you will not leave hungry
 - Wicked good garlic bread prior to dinner (don't fill up on this!)
 - expensive food and drinks
 - Great menu but not overwhelming
 - Great wine selections
 - Superb wait service (orchestrated, efficient but personable)
 - entertainment from the crowds

What you won't get:
 - Quiet romantic evening
 - Thrown out if you show up in jeans although, you will be under dressed- Its Las Vegas after all
 
I had the seafood Alfredo - OMG delicious; I taste others' dishes like...
Chilean Sea bass (perfect!); Spaghetti and meatballs made with Kobi beef (a little too salty for my taste and others agreed); steak (perfect); all appetizers were simply wonderful.  

Had no room for dessert.  The wines were incredibly good and ranged from high $50s on up....  could get a good bottle at in the $50s.
I had no idea this place was also an italian restaurant aside from the nightclub. I think next time I'm gonna try the food here =P

But anyway, came here on my last night in Vega$$$ (sunday) with 4 others and had a good time. My friend's friend was celebrating her birthday and apparently got a table so that's why we decided to hit up LAVO or else I would have had no plans and just chilled for the last night since I went clubbing both Friday & Saturday nights and my feet were sooo beat up from being stepped out, my new heels breaking in..etc. =T

But nonetheless, had a good time with good company. Pregamed with captain morgan (ugh) but it did its job and got me prettty buzzed by the time I got in the club. ^_^ Luckily, my friend was a promoter so got us in pretty quick. The lines weren't that long yet 'cause we arrived around 10. The club has a nice interior, much smaller, and it was poppin'. 

Drink prices are the usual. Forgot what I ordered for my homeboys, pineapple and vodka/rum? I forgot.. and they don't even remember. LOL

The reason why I'm giving it 3 stars though... is the crowd. Mehhh. Got to the dance flo and wasn't that pleased even when I was buzzed! But it's all good, still had a good time!! Danced with my girlfriend all night long :o) Got so tired around 1 and left 'cause we were getting hungry.. so we missed DJ Vice's birthday celebration. 
 
P.S. I loveeed walking through Venetian. Sooo purttty =)
Tuesday night up in da club, no dinner

medium line. $15 cover since we had no discount card. crowded and lots of bottle necks. shoulder to shoulder. 

CRAPPY sound system

and im a bit too old to enjoy foam being pumped out onto the crowd during the build ups and drops.(they still do that?) spendy drinks $8 buds, but they did give away a lot of free light sticks, but im a liitle too old for that as well
Umm, how the heck did I think this place was a "casual lounge"?? I suggested this place since we were looking for somewhere low-key for after dinner drinks, and somehow we ended up in the monstrosity of a night club where some girl actually drunk walked / vomited simultaneously on our table, my friend's jeans and my sister's Manolo Blahniks.

So the DJ only plays each song for about 3 seconds and the light up foamies were giving me severe motion sickness (It felt like I was in a moving tunnel!), and if we forget about the whole projectile vomit incident, the night was a ton of fun. I danced all night and nearly forgot I had an unattended baby (AKA Panda) sleeping back at the hotel room. 

And to think I almost thought I was *too old* to be going to night clubs. But thank goodness the pain from my platforms didn't kick in until AFTER I got out of the cab :)
Best part was the music!

For a club at the Venetian, my friends and I were highly disappointed in their service. Cocktail waitresses are extremely rude. Must be, because they don't want the attention taken from them. Most likely not going to be at Lavo anytime soon. 

There are so many other places that provide the same things with BETTER SERVICE!!! 

door guys were nice and the bartenders were great... Just be careful to not steal the spot light from the cocktail waitresses!
I wasn't expecting that much from LAVO when I came here last Sunday night.  I heard things like: "small" and "just a lounge" from my friends who have been here.  But it was a Sunday night and I was with a bunch of dudes in Vegas.  LAVO was a good choice because my friend was able to put our group on a guest list so that non of us had to pay... I would have been free either way but to get guys in for free that is awesome.  We got there around 11:30 so we had to wait in a long line unfortunately.  Buzz kill!  Like literally, my buzz was gone by the time I got inside.  Drinks were free from 11-12 but we got in after midnight so boo.

Once inside around 12:15 they were playing some good house music so that made me happy.  But it was packed like a sardine can so your dance movements had to be limited to no movement at all.  My bf's cousin said that it was a "sweat factory" inside.  Pretty accurate.  We were lucky to snag some of those light up foam sticks to dance with.  Even more fun to hit people with.  

We had to take a break outside because it was too crowded inside.  Unfortunately when we got back inside it was a hot dog festival and they were only playing hip hop music.  No bueno.  Party is over.

To sum it up, LAVO was better than I expected, mainly because I wasn't expecting much.  I still had some fun even though the club's physical capacity for fun was exceeded.  Fire codes must have been broken.  Pretty good party for a Sunday night.
came in after some gambling.... got seats at the bar and had a good time with my bf. the bartender is super nice, recommended a few really good drinks one is pear base martini, another is grape martini.. YUM! He also recommended a few places for us to go to as LAVO isn't open on Thursday night for dancing... score!
Lavo rocked my world when I came here for BRUNCH. go with a hot group of ladies and have an awesome promoter. you get VIP service- line cut, table, bottle service and food. yea. Can't really get better than that. Gave out glow bands and sun glasses. Hot dancers everywhere. They allowed and promoted you to get on the table to dance which is so much fun. It was 2 pm but whatever, one of the most epic events that I have been to in Vegas. Drank movet champagne the good stuff. ate delicious italian style brunch- including salad, fries, mini pizza, chicken parm, more good stuff. Good music good vibes. !!! 
Also came here at night because they gave us open bar and a table !! Did it large got hyphy, then bounced next door to XS for the real party.
This nightclub is disgusting, trashy & classless. Definitely not a Vegas-worthy establishment.

Bouncers....um assholes much? They cut off our girls' open bar wristbands for no apparent reason. Damn I know my girls are smokin hot but don't throw a pout cuz they didn't flirt back with you.

The line was indeed small but like any other clubs, they try to make it look poppin by allowing 1-2 persons in per every 30 mins. Not very smart & efficient. Clubs make more money off of alcohol bought inside the club & not on cover. So get everyone in fast & you'll profit from that. Duh.

My gal friend is a legit Vegas regular so we got hooked up with VIP (reduced admission for guys & no cover for girls) and line-skip tickets. It was $10 entry for guys with the VIP ticket.

The venue & space was dark, ugly, small, and awkward. Like a dirty asshole you don't wanna fuck no matter how desperate you are for some fun & action. That restaurant downstairs TOTALLY destroy the nightclub vibe. Seeing families eating while you're inebriated is not the business !!

Open bar = cheap alcohol & limp drinks. I believe there was only one big bar on top of the dancefloor. Speaking of dancefloor, it was tiny, yet there was still room to dance. Hence there were barely anyone in the club for a Sunday night.

If a club doesn't play house....I don't consider it a club. I don't mind hip hop either but the DJ was playing rap & underground rap mixed with a little bit of hip hop. Um what? This isn't some ghetto club. Play some Kaskade or Jay-Z please. kthanks.

The people...HAH. That's all I have to say

Invest your time and money at XS or Marquee !! Where the party is crackin hayyyyy
I have to admit, it's been a while since I've thoroughly enjoyed myself at a Vegas club/lounge. No wait to get in, free drinks, and good music. When I mean good, I mean good as in not 100% house. Props to DJ Morsecode for laying out the variety. It was enough to get me on one of the platforms and tear sh*t up. We probably could have left and hopped over to another place, but we were comfortable with staying here. Smaller venues like this seem to produce more memories for myself and the people I'm with. This is something to consider if you'd like a break from the larger, more crowded clubs.
beware of josh blaha.
Husband took me here for my birthday dinner. Food was rich but excellent. Great, nice restaurant on the strip with still some what decent prices compared to some of the other fancy spots on the strip. Will definitely be back, had great service from everyone we encountered, and the Oreo Zeppolis (sp?) were to die for!
Crappy service, good food. The club was OK - too pretentious for my taste.
My group and I stayed across the street at TI and Lavo was the first spot to land right after we got all dolled up. It was about 11:30pm on a Friday and although the back of the house was probably pissed off at having to cook 5 medium rare stakes, prepare a huge seafood sampler and multiple appetizers right before closing, they did grrreat. I had a tasty, cooked-to-perfection medium rare bad boy with grilled asparagus. 

The chef sent over a COMPLIMENTARY 3-tier holder full of 9 double-patron shots. ;) Can you say pre-party? I think yes. Especially after our 3 or 4 shots of vodka prior and our hotel being within walking distance.  

We were all on a great buzz when it came time to head upstairs to the club portion of Lavo. The club was veryyy packed. The music was great for a little two-step but it was just so crowded that you couldn't do much else. The fact that we all left soaking wet because of the bubbles and foam was a little interesting. I guess it helped us not be too hot, but it definitely left things sticky. There is not much area to lounge, but there is a pretty wide-open space by the bar that generally stays pretty open. You'll most likely be able to grab a seat there. 

Overall... we were looking for a fun place to be and this place gave us just that!
Went here a couple times and it was hit or miss. My dining experience was always nice, the food was awesome and the dining area was very classy and romantic. The club on the other hand was off the hoook one time and completely BS the other time :( Might eat here again but will def. not party here!
Good Italian food but is an overpriced "Vegas" restaurant...charging you for the ambiance is included in the meal.  The club is pretty cool, but i prefer the restaurant...i do like the overall vibe of the restaurant, and a cool place to eat before a night out on the strip.
Me and my girls had a reservation for a comped dinner before we went to the club upstairs. We waited close to an hour before getting seated which was a bit irritating because there were A FEW people that came in after us and got seated before we did. I could understand if we had a large party and it was hard to find a table for us but it was just only 4 girls! 

The hostess and manager here is very unprofessional and rude!! We showed up 10-15 mins early for our reservation and when the manager seats us down he tells us that we were late for our reservation.....WTF?! On top of that the food isn't that great either, I don't think I'll ever be coming back to eat here. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the club here is pretty decent on a sunday night (only night i would come here)
Went here last Wednesday (12/28/11) Got in at Midnight with promoter hookup. I went with my wife and some family. We had a BLAST! Danced until 3:30 am. The dance floor was crowded, like, just move your shoulders up and down crowded. We did that for a couple of songs and just headed to the bar. The entire club was packed and we actually got good service from the bar tenders. We found a little area by the back bar and just danced there and ordered drinks.

Dance Floor = Small, but fun
MUSIC = I liked it! Bunch of great beats for Dancing.
DRINKS = A little pricey, but, it is Vegas! My wallet wasn't hurting after a night of drinking.
VIEW = Lots of good looking peeps to check out.

We had a GREAT time here and would come back again. Others may have been disappointed or upset, but, I don't go out to clubs as much as I used to, and this was just plain fun! You do need to get over the fact that you get pushed and sometimes there is a line for the rest room, but, it's a club and you will find that at any other club, no matter how nice it is.

I would definitely suggest finding a VIP promotionto get into this place. We did not wait long in the VIP line. 

Looking forward to going back!
This is a review for the restaurant.

Even before I start writing, I'm seriously craving their spaghetti and kobe-beef meatballs and garlic bread.

I realize spaghetti and meatballs are kind of a hard dish to screw up (unless you're Denny's), but it is my go-to Italian dish, seeing as I'm lactose intolerant, and dislike vegetables with a passion. 

I had an excellent experience dining by myself, drinking my glass of cabernet, making eye contact with the hot guy across the restaurant, and enjoying every bite of my food. What's more, I had ridiculous amount of left over food, which I was able to eat as a midnight snack/breakfast thanks to the handy plastic utensils my waitress got for me.

I'll definitely go back.
Restaurant review:

Friends, DW, and I dined here pre-Phantom.  The setting is vibrant.  The wait staff professional.  The food is really quite good, if not a bit over priced.  But you know that going in to any trendy restaurant on the strip.

Definitely go for the Kobe Meatballs.  They are fantastic, definitely the best meatball I've ever had.  The calamari is good as well.

Our party had 3 pasta dishes and a prime filet.  All were very good.

Dessert was the 7 layer chocolate cake.  Anytime the wait staff mentions an item is shareable, believe them!

3-Stars cause it is Vegas strip expensive.  The meatballs make me want to give it a 4th star, but no.
We arrived with a large group & sat at the private table in the back. 

The service was fantastic - they were on top of all our individual drink orders & kept checking back frequently (and remembered what we were each drinking). 
The food was all excellent!  We had so much (family style), it's hard to pick favorites.  I never saw a menu because food was ordered for us, but some of the standouts were: beet salad, giant meatball, cold seafood tiered plate (with prawns, lobster, crab meat, tuna tartar & oysters), sea bass, green beans, chicken parmesan and chocolate rolled cake.  
I'm not a fan of the battered & fried oreos or the tiramisu, but other people at our table enjoyed them.  

I would definitely come back here & look to try the Lavo in NY. 

PS - towards the end of our dinner, we noticed it turning into a club - there were A LOT of attractive people hanging around. Must be a hot spot.
Who's House?  Run's House!!!! 

Yes, it's Old School Wednesday's at Lavo with none other than the Reverend Run from RUN DMC!  I am a huge RUN DMC fan, so I just wanted to be int he same room with the legend, the icon, the man.  "MY A-D-D-I-DAS!" 

You'll hear all the classic old school songs.  This place was packed and everyone is dancing and singing all the words to every song!   Mad fun!   

"Tick Top and you don't stop. 
A Tick Top and you don't stop
Oooooohhh Ohhh Oh!   
I wanna sex you up!" - Color Me Badd
The chicken parmesan is the largest and most delicious I have ever had. It can easily feed two people and worth every bite. 

Pricey but the quality is superb. Will definitely be back.
This was night two in Vegas. I was at Tao the night before but left after a short time because I was in a foul mood. I'll start this off by saying that I am not a club person at all so I'm hardly in a position to offer good pointers. However I had a good time here. I was in a substantially better mood and it doesn't hurt that we had our own private area....and bottle service so I guess I'd REALLY be a tool if I had a bad time after that. I like the layout of this place better than Tao. The bar is elevated and slightly away from the dance floor so it makes getting drinks easier, and the bathrooms are much more accessible than Tao. 
The music was good and it was just a much more enjoyable time. I'm willing to wager that you would like this place if you're a little older (i.e.late 20's-mid 30's) and not quite as pre-occupied with the scene. Didn't seem to be as many douches. The only downside is that there are no hot chicks in bathtubs or in clear boudoir cubicles like there are at Tao. However, if having a good time is more important than being seen, you'll probably like this place.
I have been pleasantly surprised by LAVO.  We've hung out in the lounge area and upstairs in the club portion.  Awesome mixed drinks downstairs!   The door men are excellent.  They gave us a little grief getting in trying to charge us, and I pointed to my friend with great boobs wearing a short skirt and I said don't you want her in your club?  He smiled and moved the rope.  ;)
This review is for the nightclub only, I have never eaten at Lavo, mainly because I have zero desire to dine in clubs.

My criteria for a good club experience is simple- good music, somewhat friendly staff, convenient bar space, and decent layout/ambiance. Lavo has none of this.

We rented a table and were there with a group of about 20.  We were smushed upstairs behind the DJ booth and about 4 people could actually sit around said table. This was a Tuesday night  at midnight during CES so it was pretty packed, but if you allow someone to spend $1000+ on a table there should be space for people to move. That place is so tiny- I cant believe it is even considered a club. The music was TERRIBLE. I am not a lover of techno but I can tolerate any decent music with a good beat. It was the same ungst ungst ungst song on repeat.  I was wondering why the music was so god awful when they loudly announced the guest DJ for the night.....Kris Jenner (yes, the Kardashians mom) was spinning for us. WTF?? Why is Lavo paying her 20K to "spin?"  That explained a lot.  After about 20 minutes my friends and I decided our heads would explode if we stayed one minute longer and go to leave. Apparently, one of my friends walked on the "wrong side of the rope" as we were walking out and the bouncer grabber her arm and pulled her away. Then he rudely yelled at her to "get the F out of here".  I was stunned that this man/ogre had not only grabbed her little arm and shoved her but yelled at her. I stomped downstairs and told another man/ogre bouncer what happened and asked to speak to a manager.  He was nice (did not grab my arm and yell at me), but not helpful. I will never come back here. There are so many other fun clubs in Vegas (Marquee, XS, etc) don't waste your time at this one!!
For the nightclub-

Came here after our group got kicked out of Surrender (it's a long, long story...)

No cover for ladies or gents, and free drinks for ladies till midnight. Not a bad deal. 

Unfortunately, drinks were watered down, even the ones we paid for after midnight. so the BF and I were barely tipsy after about 7 drinks in.

The played more hip hop than anything else, which was just ok for me. I don't listen to house music on the regular but I like variety! They also played a lot of old music which wasn't what I expected. 

What I really didn't like was how small this place was! It was packed and the layout wasn't the best. Staff was ok. Bartenders were pretty good at staying on top of things. The mix of people here wasn't too bad. But for a place that keeps being advertised as associated with TAO I expected a little more.

I had fun more because of the people I was with than because of my experience with Lavo. I probably won't come back, except maybe to try the restaurant.
So...many...sinks...felt the need to constantly wash my hands...
I cannot comment about the restaurant, but the nightclub is happenin! It's small...very small, and got packed quickly after 11 PM. But being small meant it was slightly easier to find the people you were supposed to be with.

We had an open bar from 11-12 and the girls all had wristbands to get the free drinks (thanks to our promoter who got us on the guestlist and also got in our girls AND guys free).

As for the dancing, the floor got packed...like REALLY packed. But the music was great and we had a lot of fun for an hour or two before hopping over to Tao. :)
Awful!  The dish I order was DRIPPING in oil and I didn't order a plate of hot olive oil with a few pieces of pasta!  Ewwwwww! Will not be back!!  The service was terrible and the staff unfriendly.  I expected MUCH better!
Was not impressed by my dinner. How does one prepare Marinara Sauce without garlic? No recommendations coming from this dissatisfied party.
Food: I actually went to eat here once with my girlfriends for a comped dinner 5+ girls. Not sure if they do this anymore but It consisted of a 5 course meal with drinks in between to add to the dishes. Didn't taste just Italian but Mediterranean to me. It was delicious and after dinner and the drinks from dinner I was already buzzed. 

Club: Small and very crowded unless you have a table, because its so small the range of people who come here are mostly music lovers who come to enjoy the headliners that are booked on days like Tuesdays. The design of this place kind of sucks once you walk in you have to walk up stairs. Girl's like me in 4 inch heels ya... it sucks.

Music: definitely my taste in music, Trance. Even though this place is small they throw one hell of a party. The lights, go go dancers, confetti, and the foam glow lights they give out definitely add to the craziness of this place. 

Bar: There's 1 and 1/2 of a bar in this place, yes very small. The main bar is always packed but there's a male bartender there that's super nice and I tip him well because he makes my drinks strong just the way I like it.
This venue is really tiny!  However, this does make it easier to get to the front so you can jam out to the headlining DJs on Tuesdays :)  I have to come here to check out EDM all-star names like BT, Tiesto, Above & Beyond.  

I must mention that their bartender PAUL is the friendliest bartender in ALL of Las Vegas.  We met him when Las Vegas Yelper Yuhi K. & I went to check out BT.  He served us up some super stiff drinks, and was overall had a very personable and nice personality.  Yuhi K. has informed me that she returned for the Above & Beyond event, and he remembered us.  Thumbs up way up for that, Paul!  Thanks Lavo, looking forward to more EDM nights.
Been to Lavo a few times before for the nightlife and nothing really caught my attention except for the open bar before 11pm and the guaranteed walk in to XS right after, but Lavo sure left  a lasting impression the last time I was there.

Winter in Vegas: Ever find yourself bored as hell during the day without summer's Tao Beach, Wet Republic, Rehab, Encore Beach, etc... ? Now presenting Lavo Brunch... untz untz untz. Yes it is your typical nice brunch with fancy shmancy table settings, classy food, mimosas, champagne, etc. Imagine that... BUT add dimmed lights. strobe lights. excessive amounts of alcohol. glow sticks/bracelets. neon colored sunglasses. bumping music. aaaaaaaaaand girls dancing on top of these fancy tables. 

Lavo just took brunch to another level. Love it.
Good food but way overpriced if you're going to spend $100+ for two people and you will even without drinks here go somewhere with a nice view instead!
We had two rounds here during my birthday celebration so the review is for the bar area only.

The drinks are very expensive and the waitresses sit down next to you when they take your order.  Those were the only two things I did not like.  Other than that, this place oozes sexiness, classiness, and fun all at once.  

Great martinis and great bar atmosphere.  I would have liked to get bottles here, but next time!
For the Super Bowl party....

Food was just ok. Kept running out. If you didn't have a reserved table, hardly any seats. Tv's rather small and a bad angles. Save your money.
The club is fairly small but the size really helps if you're trying to keep track of several drunk friends who wander off. I've never not had a good time here. The open bar for girls has provided a lot of free alcohol for my friends, and handy sodas for me (since I'm almost always the driver). The music has varied across my visits, but it's always been fun and good for dancing. The bathrooms are easy to find and watching performers here is easy since the club is so compact.
Juicy CLUB in Palazzo with the best music!!!

Dom Perignon is here!!! FUN TIMES!!

This club has the best music in vegas. They play a lot of hip hop and mashups and it was really good. 

A power 106 dj was spinning when we went. Usually it's a girl spinning. They are all very good!!! 

The tables here are super cool. You can put ur purses and jackets in a drawer hidden behind the table so no one can steal it. Love that!!

You can go up on the ledge behind the table to dance too. Super fun!!

There is always a waitress standing around to serve you the drinks. They also dance very good and entertain you. 

The only problem is that the place is kinda small, so even if you have a table and there's rope around, it is overly crowded.
LAVO is located inside Palazzo Hotel. My first night out in Vegas and I went here for the DJ Chuckie event. We reserved a table so we didn't have to wait in that long line! When walking in you can see the restaurant part. Then you walk up a set of stairs and a hallway with a bunch of sinks lined across. I wasn't sure if it was just for decorations or for people to puke in while leaving the place at night. lol! I kept wondering how could there be a restaurant and a club in one, wouldn't it be too loud? But it wasn't! It was amazing how both sides placed completely different music but couldn't hear it from each side. 

This is a pretty small club compared to others in Vegas but it was a good size. We got a big booth that was right behind the DJ booth. They had sunglasses layer out with the DJ's name on it and the service was great. Our waitress was so attentive and made sure that we always were stocked with shots and chasers. 

The music was great here and the people were friendly. everyone was having a good time. I love that there are little cubbies for the girls to put their coats and bags inside. And they were hidden so people couldn't just see them out in the open. They gave out a bunch of glow sticks for people to wave around and L.M.F.A.O even made an appearance here!! The crowd went wild! It was a great night for me!
Enjoyed the food. I had the tuna tartare for appetizer and spaghetti and meatballs with a glass of "the riddler" for my entree. All were delicious.
Before we got any food or drink, a waiter tripped and dropped his serving tray on my shoulder. It startled me and it also bugged the crap out of me that he never apologized. My own server said she was sorry but he did not. Usually when something like that happens the manager comes by to make sure you're ok, but here, nothing. I let my server know I was bothered by his lack of interest that he conked me on the shoulder but she didn't seem to really care that much. If I really wanted to get into it I could have gone to the manager but due to the fact that I was with a larger party and uninjured, I let it ride.
The music during dinner could have been more quiet; we had to shout.
Nightclub was fun, since we ate there, we could walk upstairs for free. DJ was really good, and the vibe was fun. Note: This is not a sit-down club. Its very small by vegas standards, but it was still a great time!
Came here on a Sunday night. Unfortunately choices for Sunday are limited in Vegas, but its Vegas, you can't really have a bad time there!

Anyways, a couple promoters I talked to recommended Lavo for Sunday night. I was with 2 girls so we got to skip the line, get in for free, and got to drink at the promoters table. Good being a girl ain't it? Haha. Aside from the extra accommodating service, Lavo is a nice club. There's a walk way that's lined with water fountains or sinks? I forget, but that was kind of unique? Music was good. It was pretty crowded from my recollection. The layout of this place is different from other clubs, there's 2 sections of the club. One filled with tables and the other a bar area. 

I would come here again, but its not on my must-go list.
Lobster bisque was excellent. Kobe meatball was huge with ricotta cheese on top, very filling. The lobster ravioli was a little bit overrated because for $38 a plate you would think to be able to taste the lobster and the dungeness crab that was drizzled on top. The layer chocolate cake was huge, good for 4 people to share. It was very rich in flavor. Our waiter Casey was awesome. To drink I had the pomegranate lemonada it was to die for. I love the ambiance of the place.
3.5 Stars.

Didn't eat here.  Just partied.  Liked it but didn't love it.  Niche crowd, semi-sophisticated.  Vegas without size, but after Lavo, I realized that I kind of like the size when I hit Vegas clubs.
Food was delicious. But was overshadowed by the scavenger b!tch waitresses at the bar as we waited to be seated. The waitress was asian with tattoos all over her. Real classy huh? She shouldve tattooed her ugly face so i couldve kept my appetite a little better. Anyhow my girlfriend, another couple and I were here for vday and the night was ruined when we were kicked out of our seats so 5 caucasian males in suits can be seated. We did not spend over $300 for dinner to be treated like this. NEVER AGAIN WILL WE COME HERE TO EAT UNLESS I WANT TO BE DEGRADED LIKE ITS THE 50's again.
Even with free admission, open bar wristbands, and a handful of free drink tickets, I still wasn't very impressed with Lavo Nightclub. I wasn't feelin' the music at all. It was just a bunch of the same stuff I've been hearing on the radio for the past year, but what do you expect? If they at least threw in an old (or even new) hip hop song with a bangin' beat, I'd be a little more happy, but they didn't. I almost slipped on some drink spills a few times because no one came over to clean it up, but I guess that's hard to notice. The bathrooms were very dark and kind of small. The one thing I thought was pretty cool when I went was that they were giving out free Styrofoam glowstick things and glow necklaces. It was pretty cool until some ghetto guy came up to me and jacked one from my hands. I actually took a picture inside the club and didn't realize how many creepy crunk people were there until I looked at the picture afterward (http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/_7NLWpbuT1muUTdVQvKzfA/l.jpg). Despite my mediocre experience, I will most likely be back here again to check out Old School Wednesdays.
Great Food.
Good drinks good service good friends good times
On a girl's trip, we decided to come here for our last Vegas dinner...

It was so delicious! Everyone loved the bread but sad that they charge extra for every loaf after the first one. I think what really caught me was the atmosphere... for a Sunday night people were just chilling not going too crazy. The music was upbeat throughout the whole night. I actually felt like going dancing afterwards... :) But the girls were too tired so we'd skipped. 

I'm coming back soon!
Visited Lavo on Valentines day, w reservations booked through their website about a couple weeks prior. 

Got seated about 5 min after our reservation time. Food was OK, drinks were OK, service was OK, everything was just OK. 

was seated towards the end of the restaurant, i preferred the outdoor seating towards the strip, but outdoor seating is closed during the winter. :-(. 

not sure if i will be back to this spot. i felt like the waitress just wanted us out of there quickly, our food was brought and taken within 15 minuets. 

On the flip side, Music was cool, pretty loud but i wasn't expecting anything other. 

I've experienced better, and probably wont be back.
Lavo nightclub was pretty fun, came here Friday night and enjoyed the vibe. The music wasn't my favorite, I prefer when a song I like is actually played for longer than 25 seconds before moving on. There is plenty of time to play the song, why ruin it by playing only a small portion. 

We did not eat here, so i cannot judge the food, but the club was nice, would come back, but not first choice.
This review is strictly for their new Saturday Champagne Brunch. OMG! It was awesome! 

We were in Vegas for a bachelorette party. While heading out to Pure Friday night, we were approached by one of their promoters. Raul asked if we had plans tomorrow during the day. Nope. He invited all 13 of us for brunch at 2pm and said it was free. Sounds too good to be true eh?! But we didn't have anything planned so we agreed. 

We arrived around 3pm and this place was packed! It was literally clubbing during the day! We were greeted by Raul and a couple other promoters. Sure enough, they had a table waiting for us just inside front entrance. Everyone enjoyed some drinks and then we were moved to another table inside the restaurant/lounge. We were very close to the DJ. On the table were more champagne, vodka & mixers. There were glow sticks, sunglasses, foamy glow patons, etc. I felt like it was a rave. Funny thing, they had the curtains drawn to make it dark inside, but you can still see daylight outside thru the cracks. I can't believe this was going on at 3pm?! 

Next I knew, the waiters brought out HUGE portions of pancakes, waffles, garlic fries, salad, etc. We still couldn't believe this was all free. We were afraid we'd get a huge bill at the end. Nevertheless, we still enjoyed the food. The waffles & fries were amazing!

Around 5pm, we were asked to move to another table again. But this time, we've already befriended a smaller round table next to us so we just joined those two guys. They were super cool to offer us their champagne and vodka. About 30min later, the two guys said they were leaving and bought us a GIANT bottle of Grey Goose as a gift for the bachelorette and said 'congrats'! Holy Cow!? We stayed and partied 'til it ended at 6pm. Needless to say, it was an awesome time. We were prepared to at least tip SOMEONE but no one came to us with a bill or anything. LAVO, you rock!!!
My sister and I ate dinner at LAVO on Saturday night. We had 7:15 pm reservations and even though it was a tad early to eat by Vegas standards, the restaurant was pretty full. The tables for two are a little close together, but you still feel as if you have your own space and I really didn't overhear either of our neighbor's conversations.

Our meal started with two glasses of sauvignon blanc and complimentary garlic bread. The garlic bread portion was huge and a great side for our meals. For entrees, my sister had the chicken parmigiano, I had the chilean sea bass, and we split a sea salt baked potato. Our waitress graciously mentioned to my sister that her meal did not include pasta in case she wanted to add that (she didn't). Once we saw the size of the chicken parm, I can see why it doesn't come with pasta! Her piece of chicken was the size of her plate! Needless to say she wasn't able to eat the whole thing, but she loved every bite that she did have. My sea bass, which was a nice thick slice, was cooked to perfection - it was flaky and just melted in my mouth. The baked potato was a great size (thank goodness we shared it), but could have used just a touch more salt. For dessert, we shared the chocolate cake roll. In keeping with the theme of our meal, it was gigantic. Easily four people could have shared that dessert. The cake was delicious and light which was good since we were pretty full from our entrees.

Our waitress was very nice and did a great job of checking on us through the night. She also didn't rush us as we took our time with dessert and finishing our wine. The food does come out rather quickly - it couldn't have been more than ten minutes from the time we ordered until the time food appeared at our table. LAVO does a great job with table turnover, so even if you walk in without a reservation, you probably won't have to wait too long. Prices are actually really reasonable - after tax and tip, my share of the bill was $82.

I would definitely eat at LAVO on a future visit and will be recommending it to friends who are traveling to Vegas in the near future.
GIRL REVIEW

If you like hip hop and booty poppin music, you have to go on Sundays. For me, it was open bar, and there a little runway stage that  I like where girls can dance. 

Just sayin...good music, (if you wanna switch it up to some hip hop), eh it's an ok venue, a bit small, but I had the time of my life at Lavo. Highly recommended for the booty shakers.
This review is for their LAVO Champagne Brunch! My new favorite place to hit up in vegas during the day now! :D

One of my girlfriends knew a promoter and walked 8 of us in. They placed us at a table near the entrance. Free alcohol and free food!? What more can you ask for!? Waiters brought out pancakes, waffles, pizza, garlic fries, salad, etc. mmm! They also give you neon glasses, glow sticks, sweat band, and foam glow sticks! Definitely a hipster/raver party haha. They do have an outdoor area for you to smoke. Weird to come out to see the sun and then walking back into the club with glow sticks everywhere. Haha only in vegas. The Dj was pretty good, played mostly electro songs. Their go go dancers are pretty hot too, especially the asian girl. ;)

Overall, I would definitely come back here. B)
I went here twice in one week.  Once for dinner, and once to the club quite a bit later.  For dinner, I would've rated this 3 stars. Nothing wrong with it, nice atmosphere, good service, decent food.  But that's it. The club, on the other hand, was great.

We were there on a Wednesday night, so most other clubs weren't exactly buzzing.  This place was.  It was busy, yet the servers were always there for you.  Drinks were good, I wasn't paying so of course they tasted extra good.

I would definitely come here when in Vegas again.  For dinner though, I'd find another spot first.

P.S. Don't wash your hands in one of those Roman style sinks in the hallway...I know they are already turned on for you, but you will not find paper towels to dry them off with...;)
This night club is the night clubs of the night clubs! Ladies get in free and drink for free on Wednesday nights (drink WHATEVER) you want to drink. Sorry guys..You will have to pay for cover and you will pay for your drinks...$15+ But not bad for the ambiance, beautiful people (or was I just too enubriated to really notice), those cool sinks with running water that mainly decorate the floor, and the beats..Can we talk about the beats that the DJ was spinning??? He was doing his thing and everyone was grooving to music from 80's,90's to present. I mean he was spinning, or was that me spinning? Nonetheless, I got my groove on and had a great night tearing up the dance floor. 

For the ladies..bathrooms are located downstairs..
Dinner was fabulous! Our group ordered 1) one of the steaks with a huge side of garlic mashed potatoes, 2) the louie salad with lobster and shrimp, 3) spaghetti carbonara, 4) a bolognese pasta dish and 5) I got the chicken parmagiani. 

The service was top-notch and worthy of an upscale restaurant: they refolded your napkin if you got up to use the restroom or go to the bar, they knew to refill ladies' water glasses first, etc. They even had a restroom attendant to hand you paper towels. They even gave us a free round of drinks for our group of five because they couldn't seat us until 30 minutes after our reservation. (This wasn't off-putting for us, since it was a fun atmosphere.)

The portions are quite large and worth the price. They are known for their giant meatballs, which we unfortunately did not sample. However, they do provide free garlic bread with marinara which the table fought over.

The ambiance gives off fun vibes, but it is very noisy.

If you dine there, you get free admission to the club upstairs.
Came here on a Friday night. It started out kinda slow but soon was packed and had alot of people on the dance floor. We ending up dancing for hours. It was a really fun place to shake your booty. They played really good music..not too much hip hop.
There were some really good looking people and the drinks were being made nice and strong. All in all a very fun night!!
I honestly don't know a single thing about how the food was - I came here specifically for the club.  So this review will consider all things CLUB wise.


The only thing I really knew about Lavo is that it was the sister to Tao, the insanely popular restaurant/nightclub located in the Venetian.  

First of all, the line-up they've been getting have been awesome as far as this House Music Fan is concerned.  My man BT, Gabriel and Dresden, just some powerhouses as far as trance goes.  I'm all over it!  I was a little wary, though, as I've gone to clubs to go see a particular DJ/artist and had to spend bank and wait forever and be subjected to someone's judgement if I was tall, rich, hot enough to be there and just waiting to see if the actual experience itself was good enough to justify the trial to get in.  

WELL, how did LAVO measure up?

I came on a Tuesday night about 11:30pm.  I was dressed in all black with dress shoes, button down dress shirt, and dress pants.  My partner in crime came punk-ish and we had a concern that her in her boots and torn but fashionista style would be barred.  Thankfully, we were let in about a ten minute wait in line and after presenting IDs, were let in for free.  Woo!

I'll admit, it is a little off-putting to walk over the restaurant to get to the actual "club," as you are looking down on the diners and such but it quickly gives way to the actual club space which makes you forget exactly where you are.  The Roman Bath theme is pretty nice - understated but elegant with abstract lighting.  The rows of fountains leading in are nice touch as well.  

The actual dance/bar/lounge space is a little smaller than I'd like but we did find a corridor that allowed us to  talk and hang (right outside the girl's bathroom), so we were able to enjoy our drinks without feeling too impacted.  When we walked in I was NOT too happy as security was rushing past us with a group of people trying to find a place for them.  My partner in crime informed me that one of the people in the group was a Kardashian so that explained the unmitigated, UNNECESSARY hysteria that was that entourage.  Wanting nothing to do with that circus, I made a point of staying as far away as I could from that.   (Sorry, I don't watch television, don't care about celebrities, don't care that you're famous for basically contributing nothing to society in terms of science/art/charity/concepts.)

BT comes on and does an hour and a half set between two DJs.  I thought this set was a little short but WHO CARES, he's my favorite artist and he did a few of his own songs which was pretty cool.  YAY BT.

The swag was pretty cool and I got a kick out of the golden dancing Buddha.  I wonder if they got him on loan.  

FRIENDLY bouncers/security.  
BONUS POINTS for the security guy who saw someone trying to light their cigarette and offered them a light.  Gentleman you are, sir.

SHORT VERSION: 
On a Tuesday: 10 minute wait to get in.  Slightly crowded.  Vodka/Cran = $9.  Friendly staff.  Would go back again.
It's a great atmoshphere and ambiance with solid service. The food is ok but it's more all about the entire experience.
I visited LAVO with a bunch of friends on our final night in Vegas. Maybe it was because we had just gone to Marquee the night before, but I left the locale pretty disappointed.

LAVO has a deal where you eat dinner at the restaurant, and then get free admission to the nightclub that evening (if it's open). It seemed like a pretty good deal, and since there were a few of us, we decided to jump on the deal.

Dinner: 1.5/5

We asked for the latest possible reservation so as to just head over to the club right after dinner and were given a 10:45pm table. On the way to the restaurant, we hit a little traffic in the cab and were running late. We called the restaurant to inform them, and they told us that we had a "15 min grace period" to get there. I found it hard to believe that we'd lose our table, especially since the restaurant wasn't exactly packed on this weeknight. 

Anyway, we got there right in the nick of time and were seated right away. We ordered a variety of entrees, ranging from pasta to pizza. Average price was around $25. The waiter informed us that we'd have a "better" chance of getting comped at the club if we also ordered cocktails and appetizers. Since the hostess said that all we needed were entrees, we declined.

The food - 

meh. Some of the portion sizes were downright comical, including one friend's ravioli, which we joked the waiter must have dropped on the way here, since there were only about 4 pieces of ravioli for a $24 plate.

No one was really "wowed" by the taste; in fact, I think the happiest of us were the ones that ordered the carne pizza ($24). It came on a long bread (think loaf of French bread as opposed to circular pizza). Not bad, but definitely not worth $24.

The ambiance was nice and the waiter was friendly enough. We paid and quickly went on to the nightclub


Nightclub: 2/5

The hostess had informed us that we would have to wait on line again for the club, but there was a separate, shorter line for dinner guests. She also said that we could just show our receipt and get our free admission into the club.

We went outside and waited on a short line (the general admission line was about 50 people long by that point). One of the men at the door decided to give us a hard time because we didn't have any stamps from the restaurant (which no one mentioned). He then asked to see our dinner receipt, and said that it would only be good for 2 people (even though we paid over $30/pp at dinner on a night when admission to the club was $20).

We didn't want to make a huge deal, so we went back to the restaurant, asked the hostess to stamp our wrists, and then got back on line. From here on, we had no more issues and were able to get inside with no cover.

Inside the club

The club is often advertised as an "intimate" club. I guess that's a nice way of saying "small".  In fairness, it's not exactly tiny, but after having visited Marquee the night before, the place felt like a watered down, smaller version of Marquee. 

Music was almost exclusively electro/house.  The dance floor was decent, but not as lively as other places I've been to in LV. All in all, not very happening, even though the place was decently packed.

Downstairs

The downstairs bar was also open and had some music, but there were very few people down here. It made for a quick escape if you needed a drink (or wanted to smoke, as there was an adjacent outdoor patio section overlooking the strip). 

In the end, we wound up leaving after about an hour. The decor was certainly very nice, but give me a fun place with average decor than a fancy, dry place any day. 


Overall

I definitely would not bother eating here ever again, and the club itself was nothing to write home about.  Overall 1.5 out of 5, rounded up to 2 because the decor was nice


Pros

Very nice Decor
Free entry to the club if you have an entree at dinner

Cons

Overpriced entrees
Small portions
Feels like a junior sized, watered down version of Marquee


Protips: 

make sure to wear a collared, button down shirt at minimum for guys. They specifically said no polo shirts at the club (although I sported a blazer with a polo and was not given any problems)

make sure to get your hand stamped by the hostess before leaving dinner and going to the club in order to get free entry.
This review is for the nightclub aspect only.

It's challenging to review a Vegas club because all of them suffer from fundamental problems that drive almost any man with a whit of intellect completely batshit crazy. Here's the thing, Lavo is the next evolution in Vegas club nonsense.

The lines can be ridiculous of course, but these aren't any worse than other clubs ... which is to say that they are a miserable experience.

The worst, most offensively miserable aspects are how insanely crowded the place is and the staff here. So how crowded is it?  I liken it to the people who try to mash their way into Walmart when it opens on Black Friday ... except constantly. I'm pretty sure that every day when they clean up the place they find two or three trampled girls in skanky outfits who just got lost under the mob. The heat can become unbearable and you'll be begging to leave this steam bath Hell ... but to no avail because you are so cramped in that you can't leave and you are forced to remain there and have people sweat on you. I think they call it Lavo as a reference to a sauna in a bath house.

Now the staff ... well bouncers are moronic assholes, Vegas bouncers are SUPER moronic assholes, and Lavo bouncers are their kings. These guys are incredibly unreasonable and pushy. They have no concept of listening to logic and are happy to deny you entrance to the club because you happen to want to throw away your drink yourself.

It gets a second star because the decor of sinks and bathtubs is pretty cool and we met ONE line watching staff member who was cool and talked about sports with us. Otherwise if you have a Y chromosome and two neurons, prepare yourself for a visit to the steamy underworld.
This review is for 2 parts - the Day club/brunch and the Night club!

1) Day club brunch: My girls and I showed up for the day club (dancing only, no food) on St. Patty's day and was promptly whisked in. The biggest drawback is the layout of Lavo (the first floor at least). The majority of the space was taken up by diners (with amazing smelling food) and thus left almost no space to dance. My group of 8 found a small space underneath the dancer girl in bathtub (don't ask...she was hot though). 

Music was solid (mostly house). Drinks were standard price ($14?) and the free green ish being passed around was an added plus. Green foam sticks, green glow sticks, green shamrock head gear - the works! We were next to the go-go dancers and we could not stop drooling at this one mixed Asian chick. She was weeeeeerking it! I'm in love. 

2) Returned later that evening with our cute little Asian promoter. She walked us in, got us a table near the bar and a round of drinks! We started dancing on the couch before a bouncer stopped us ... and told us to dance on the ledge instead! There is a cushion on the couch that can be removed and the sweet waitresses told us to keep all our purses in there! So accommodating :') Music was mainly hip-hop, so definitely got back to my roots. 

Lavo is a solid part of my Vegas club rotations :) Definitely check it out!
Had one wild night at Lavo, woke up Monday morning and had to venture out of our suite at the Venetian in search for the ice machine so I could ice a half dozen bumps and bruises on my legs, still not sure how they got there! Yes, I got a little wild :) but from what I remember of my evening here, it was fabulous. Our company hosted an opening night party here for the ASD Show - so things started out right downstairs with a glass of Pinot and their meatballs. Yummm! We came upstairs and I'm not sure how many cocktails I had but we had an entire section behind the DJ to ourselves so lots of space for me to lounge out and kick up my heels after dancing for hours. I really like the little cut out shelves all over the place and especially on the dance floor for your drinks. The bathrooms are clean, the bartenders were all pretty cute - all in all fun little spot! Whoever the gentleman was that kept telling me I was "the hottest chick ever", thank you! Of course I don't know the prices, because I rarely pay, and if I do - we all know good food and alcohol have no price tag ;) but Absolute Vodka was compted for about 2 hrs, so I may have had 5 or 6 drinks - yep Good Times!
dolla. bills. in. da. air.

They take it really literal at this club. No cover charge and was able to bypass the long ass line that extended to the cold outside. Free drinks. Grabbed about $35 flying dollar bills. Pooled with other friends, we had a net gain of around $50+. Hm, that sounds like a good deal. Needless to say, I was ELATED! Used it for taxis and tips. WIN. Get a promoter. Yes, even you groups of girls! Much faster and less frustrating to be walk in with a promoter than wait mindlessly in lines. 

There is a lounge/restuarant/chilling area with a bathroom on the bottom floor. You have to climb a couple of flights of stairs to get to the loud, and I mean LOUD (the volume had our ears RINGING- it really could have been turned down a LOT), dance floor. I lost my shoe like Cinderella during this plight four times. Then there is a pretty..bizarre row of sinks? Then comes the dance floor. 

There was a HUGE crowd because there was a convention earlier that day, slightly an older crowd I guess. The music was pretty good, but like I said, way too loud. Joined a table, so we had a bigger space to dance. The bouncers were a little mean and was very anal about having me put on shoes. Sigh. They were really particular about having a portion of the VIP section unoccupied for people to walk? Idks! Obviously they have never worn heels before. But other than that,  a very fun time. The "shots" that the staff were making were DELICIOUS and FRUITY! Not quite sure how much was alcohol, but it was the girly-est and most delicious shots ever. 

My highlight is still the flying dollar bills. Oh Vegas. You are so funny, sometimes.
This review is for the restaurant.

I'm going to say this now. I have NOTHING negative to say about this restaurant. The food and service were impeccable. We were seated within 10 minutes and our waiter was very attentive, helpful, and friendly. 

We ordered the kobe rice balls for an appetizer and they were nothing short of delicious. The rice was similar to a risotto. They weren't the japanese rice balls that I had in mind. Instead, they were fried and had marinara sauce, but still it was deeee-lish!

For our entrees my boyfriend had the chilean seabass and I had the chicken and mushroom ravioli. Both were perfect, the fish was extremely juicy and tender and the ravioli was flavored quite nice and the added arugula made for a nice accompaniment.

Overall, our meal was spectacular. The only slight and I mean SLIGHT downside is that the pricing is a little steep. But then again, you get what you pay for.
If your looking for Italian food in Las Vegas I challenge you to find something better than LAVO but do yourself a favor and come extra hungry because the portions are not only delicious but massive as well. I had the largest chicken parmigiana I have ever seen.
We received line passes because we stayed at the Venetian. We arrived close to midnight and we were whisked right to the front of the line w/ no cover. Yeah, the place was crowded but the DJ had the place bumping and everyone was chill. Not too bad of a challenge to get drinks. I prefer this place to the clubs at the Palms sans Ghost Bar. There were a lot of girls in groups who were looking for guys to dance with and there are several places people can stand on to get a better view. 

We had a drink in the bar before the club opened and I liked the vibe. The bartenders were smoking and the clientele were chill. Inside the club they also have shot waitresses coming around and you can see by the girl in the left's pic she got pretty $hitfaced. Had to call it a night early around 2ish and my friend gave her a personal tour of his room - LOL
Review for the Nightclub only.

So my group of eight, six guys two girls, we copped VIP tickets upon entering our limo. Therefore, saves everyone ten bucks, so girls get in free!

We ate at a nearby restaurant and we walked by Lavo, no line at 10:15. We come back at 10:45 (doors open at 11) and there were multiple lines, sigh. We end up in the VIP line that led us outside of the doors to stand in the freakin' cold. Pregaming early might have been a bad idea since this was on a Tuesday night. However, Sander Van Doorn was to be playing, so we did expect it to reach max capacity. The line barely moved and bouncers were no help. They even said the tickets wouldn't work since it was past 11! But after much discussion, we convinced them to let it slide anyway, at 12:30 when we were about to go in.

It's suuuuuuper crowded. Dance Floor way too small. Creepers everywhere. And I mean everywhere! Won't get into personal stories, but I must say, this was a sketchy ass club, and yall aren't even good looking. Yeah, people here were rude, stuck up, unnattractive, and were a waste of space. 

Pros:
-Decor is really cool. I wish I took photos because I was in awe.
-Some good ass dj's come here. Mainly on Tuesdays, take advantage of it! Because weekends here are even worse and not worth the money.
-Cool effects lights and the place is bumpin bumpin bumpin.
-You can visit the restaurant, lounge, AND nightclub. 

Cons:
-Security is everywhere. Even on the dancefloor. Goddamn, get out of the way and stay on the sides or something.
-Creepers. Creepers everywhere! Some old, most came solo, and all our obvious about being creepy as shit.

Why the 3 stars? Sander killed it! Such a good set, I kept wanting to dance. I wish I stayed til 4 but hey, shit happens. Overall, for a weekday clubbing night, it was chill. Who wouldn't love a 4+ hour set for free with sick visuals from some of your favorite dj's! =]
Review for club only. 

After much debate of which club my friends and I wanted to attend..we went here. Boy was I disappointed...AT FIRST.

After a 30 min wait, we walked up expecting to pay $30 by club promoter hearsay. Ugly lady working the register, "$40 cover" after a little wtfusaytomeb*tch, I relented, along with a few of my buddies. A couple resorted to going back since clubbing isn't really their thing. Our girls got in free along with free drinks till 1AM. 

Drinks were STRONG. The girls had no problem getting 3-4 drinks in an 1.5 hr span.

Club is TINY. and that's an understatement. We went to the dance floor and I thought we were at Walmart for black friday. 

Giving this place 3 stars only cause TYGA put on a good performance, otherwise it would've been 2. 

After TYGA's performance, we left to go play some craps and who shows up at our table? TYGA. After droppin' a few 'hunneds' we bounced and bid TYGA farewell.

Overall a DECENT night at LAVO. TYGA's performance and rollin' dice with him.
I love coming to Las Vegas.  It's loaded with celebrity chefs and fine dining.  My first stop was Lavo.  I have eaten here before with co-creator Matt Harwood. It's places like this that inspire us to replicate what we ate.. Read more here: http://www.bougiefood.com/?p=316
Tasty food...try the meatballs.  The price point is really reasonable.  The chicken parmigiana isn't as good as the one at the Palm, which is disappointing since it is a signature dish.  But all in all, the dishes were really good and the service was awesome.  Definitely try this place if you want delicious food in a cool atomsphere.
Working. Good to be a part of something this successful
My co workers and I took a break from our Halloween Event at Lavo to have dinner. Though packed and on Halloween night, we recieved excellent service.
The Meatballs are so soft and so tasty you almost don't want to share.
The calamari was lightly battered and crispy. Loved it!!!
The Brick Oven margherita Pizza is made to be shared and savored!!!
The Chopped Louie Salad had large chunks of lobster and plenty of shrimp.
I'll be back!!!!
You're in Sin City and you feel dangerous, mischievious even.  You lurk around at Palazzo and follow the sound of thumping, booming....your feet can't help it but to follow the beat....you look into this mysterious dark restaurant and say ehhh why not?!  

I was here for my sister's 21st birthday and was told for every entree you order you get a free stamp into Lavo the club.  We were told by concierge the food is great at Lavo so it's a win win.  We made reservations for 13, was seated promptly and orders were taken....unfortunately when the food arrived my mouth dropped and I was thinking....THE F did I just pay to eat COLD pasta?!  I ordered the Seafood Alfredo and Oh em gee it was cold, crusted with sauce.  The prawns on the plate looked amazing but the dish was anything but.  We also ordered the bone in rib eye. It was cooked medium rare which was fine but it wasn't anything to write home about...well actually it wasn't anything to write on YELP about.  

Bottom line if you're looking for a free club this is your place.  They let ladies in for free on the guestlist and ladies drink free from 11:30 to 1am.  The dance floor is TINY.  I mean TINY!  I think it only fits about 30 Snooki's at most!  

As you are bumping and grinding along strangers drinks are being sloshed all around you and sound system is horrible!  I say come here to pre party but dance and boogey somewhere else. 

Ummm wouldn't come here for the food.  The consensus from our party was we paid a shit load for the food to get into a crappy club.  Just our two cents.
While on a girls vegas trip we ventured in for dinner. We ordered several different plates for everyone to share. The food was great, the decor is amazing and the service was good. After dinner we ventured upstairs to the club, they had great music  but like most everything in vegas, it caters to men. Half naked women in roman attire were hired as eye candy for the men, I think they forgot that we need some eye candy as well.
I went here last month for my birthday...It was great! I had reservations which are a must or you will be waiting for hours for a table. I waited like 20 min for my table with reservations...

Anywho...I ordered the giant meatball with the cheese on it...the best meatball eva! It was so tasty, not dry, perfectly seasoned...my tastebuds are salivating just thinking about it lol. I wish they could ship me a meatball lol. I had it with some spaghetti. It was good, but adding the meatball made it taste awesome. They gave us some table bread with marinara. That kept is going while waiting for the food. Also they have a live dj inthe restaurant spinning beats. I was dancing at the table the whole time too which was pretty cool. Made the waiting for your meal not so bad while eating the bread.

I told them it was my birthday and they brought me a strawberry shortcake dessert! It was also very delicious. That was the best birthday dessert by far from all the restaurants I ate at. And it was free! Just make sure in your reservations you tell them you are celebrating your birthday and voila free awesome tasty dessert!

We went to the club afterwards...I suggest dining where you want to club as you get line cuts and don't have to wait and it's free. 

After getting up there...lawd it was too crowded and people were pushing..we got the heck outta there and went somewhere else..oh well..no matter I just went to bed and the next morning had leftover meatball for breakfast lol
I experienced the worst night in my life in Lavo. It started out with tiny $14 drinks served an indifferent and apathetic female bartender, then later ignored by the tattoo'd waitresses. They then allowed my friends to enter the nightclub but I was left in the bar area because I had brown shoes and they had black. After waiting hours for my friends to return, I begged the staff and the manager to allow me to enter just to get the keys from my friends so I could leave, or even have someone escort me for 5 minutes if they felt brown leather shoes in a dark night club were a fashion faux pax. They were totally uncooperative and unhelpful. I waited until nearly 3 am listening to blaring loud music, being bumped into dozens of times  - with never one person even saying "excuse me". Meanwhile I saw a waitress wearing only panties and a bra with stripper nylons and shoes go into the nightclub and patron girls wearing sandals and even taking their shoes off. It an arrogant crappy attitude.
Let me start off by saying that I never actually tried the food.  I was interested in the Night Club portion of this establishment.  There are several people on the outside trying to ensure that everyone stays in line.  Depending on who is checking names and stamping wrist, this can be a time consuming process.  I did not have too long of a wait either time I went.  

Tuesday night, down stairs, in the lounge area, they were playing a nice hip hop/r&b mixture, and you had sever inebriate people making attempts to look cool dancing, which is always a plus for me!  The design is puzzling because the decorum is nice for the lounge area, but they forgot to include a dance area, so people usually dance in the walk way leading to the outside seating area and/or around the bar.  

Upstairs was techno night.  LOTS of energy in the place.  I really enjoyed the energy, even though Techno music is quite repetitive in sound.  

One of the club promoters saw me before I left and told me they wanted me to come back Wednesday and that they were putting me on the guest list.

Wednesday, I am back to see if it was worth my time.  Turns out it was the 1 year anniversary of hip hop Wednesday.  Downstairs had nice music and a nice crowd.  Upstairs was crazy packed with all kinds of people and the energy in the room was bananas.  I was enjoying the nice mixture of every coast of music and in walks Reverend Run of Run DMC fame and takes the energy and fun to an entire different level/hemisphere/planet!  

Needless to say, I enjoyed myself here.  I don't know what the food taste like or I may have just given this place 5 stars.
Came on a Sunday which was hip hop. Crappy dj, rude crowd, tiny dance floor. Girls get free drinks but make sure you don't share with your guy friends because they will get kicked out.
***Club Review***

My friends and I got in without having to pay the $20+ cover because we were in town for NAB and our passes got us in for free. That was the one of the few good things of our experience here. The DJ and the music was also pretty good. No complaints there. I'm not even complaining about the $8 I spent on a Newcastle.

I am however complaining about the staff with attitudes that work here. I'm also raising an eyebrow at the staff about our missing items. Here's what went down:

Sunday 4/15
On the dancefloor, a random patron taps my friend on the shoulder to ask him if he lost a cell phone. My friend looks at the phone, says it's not his, then witnesses the patron turn the phone in to the DJ. Several moments later, my other friend realizes that his cell phone is missing only to find out that this was the same phone that was found earlier. Both friends go to club security with the info that the phone was given to the DJ only to find out that club security took it to hotel security. Hotel security has no record of it.

Tuesday 4/17
While in line to get in, one of our friends steps away to find hotel security to hopefully get more info on his missing cell phone. When he returns, the club bouncer immediately extracts him from the line. I understand that he was only doing his job and not letting people cut. But rather than telling him to get to the back of the line, he flat out tells him to leave. He wasn't gonna let him into the club! I mean, our friend wasn't even intentionally cheating his way in. I'm sure that the 2 people in line behind us didn't mind that we saved our friend's spot in line but even if they did, we wouldn't try to disrespect them. The bouncer just wanted to throw his power trip around on a tuesday night. After some major ass kissing on my friend's part, the bouncer finally let him go to the back of the line.

On the dancefloor, another friend realizes that her clutch purse is no longer on her wrist. In a panic, our whole group is searching the entire club for the purse. Club security notifies us that it was found but when they hand it over, her iPhone is missing. One of the guys in our group continued to question club security about the missing iPhone who claims that they haven't found one. But in desperation, our friend says to security "I'll pay you $20 for the iPhone" and security's response was "Wait, what color did you say it was?" WTF??? Why did security suddenly change their story the moment my friend offered a bribe?

I do however have to say that the random patrons that we met at this place has been extremely cool and genuinely concerned with all the bad stuff that kept happening to us throughout the night. We even got invited to hang out in the VIP area for table service by a few different groups. Again, I understand that staff is doing their best to make sure that the tables stay reserved for those who reserve it. So when one of the waitresses told us that we had to leave, I tried to politely explain to her that the people who reserved the table invited us to drink with them. She responded with the biggest attitude: "Don't yell at me!" Um...hello? I wasn't yelling at you. I'm just talking loud because we're in a club and if I don't talk loud then you won't be able to hear me!

The staff here needs to get over themselves. SMH.
Kobe stuffed rice ball!!!
Way too much attitude, terrible service, super super salty foods. Waited forever for my glass of wine, we asked for place settings multiple times (finally arrived after our food), both the beets salad & margarita pizza were soaked in salt, servers have WAY too much attitude. It's "trendy" & the location is perfect but overall NOT worth it!
This rating is more aimed that restaurant versus the nightclub, but I will give my take on both.

Lavo, as an italian restaurant, is one of my favorites in the city, and probably my favorite on the strip.  The food here is outstanding, and I've yet to try anything that I haven't enjoyed thoroughly.  From the softball-sized meatballs, to the flatbread pizzas, to the chicken parm, to the deep-fried oreos, EVERYTHING is great.  One of the great things about Lavo is that it's doable on a budget as well - you can have a nice dinner for two splitting an appetizer/salad and a flatbread pizza, and walk out for under $30 per person and experience one of Vegas' best restaurants.  The service is wonderful, and more than happy to help set you up with entry into the club upstairs if you desire.  The atmosphere here is great, but loud, and if definitely geared toward a younger crowd.  If you don't like booming electronic music (I happen to love it), or if you like a lot of conversation, you might want to either dine here very early, or find some place else entirely.  

I do need to pause here to make a specific note about what is probably the single greatest dessert I've ever eaten, and that is the deep fried oreos.  I don't want (or need) to say anything more - just try them.  Seriously.  


The nightclub is...umm...intimate.  All Vegas clubs are crowded, it's a fact of life, but Lavo somehow goes a step above crowded to 'claustrophobically crowded'.  Other than that, you get your typical Vegas club fair, both good and bad.  Lavo is owned by Tao Group, who also run Marquee, so it's not uncommon to see big names in this small club, especially on Tuesday nights which has been re-branded as 'All-Night Tuesdays' and offers a very, very impressive rotating line-up of not just big, but HUGE name DJs by the likes of Above & Beyond, Sander van Doorn, Dash Berlin, Gareth Emery, and more.  


Bottom line: the restaurent is a can't miss, the nightclub, not so much.
This place were pretty good. We reserved a table and it was definitely a lot of fun. The servers were good about coming back pouring drinks for people. Girls were able to dance on a upper platform area. Music was pretty kickin, there was a guest DJ there that night. Overall much better than the previous night's club choice.
I was here for the Kim Karassdian New Year 2012 event.   We got in early so it was pretty cool b/c it wasn't packed.   By 10PM it was bumper to bumper human traffic inside.   Free Drinks =) Free appetizer =) and the music was right for the night.  

if you are going for New Years buy your tickets early I bought them late and dished out 400 for two tickets.
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere - the full package.  Went there the final night of a 3-day string of wonderful meals.  Even in that company the restaurant held its own.   Very pricey, but it is Las Vegas after all.
Overall very underwhelming with expensive prices.  We had drinks in the afternoon outside which were decent but dinner that night was very disappointing.
1.  Poor service throughout -started moment we walked in with the hostess.  Waitress rarely stopped and never after meal was delivered.  Water glasses always empty, plates piling up, you get the picture.
2.  Only Italian restaurant I've ever been to where one order of bread is complimentary and the rest costs money.  In addition, no fresh parmesan cheese (no cheese for that matter).
3.  Food was very salty - 2 of the 6 meals in our party were almost inedible.
4.  Loud, obnoxious club music playing throughout the patio for evening dinner.  I'm all about partying and the Vegas vibe but playing it on the patio at dinner just really ruins the atmosphere.

Overall a poor experience.  With so many great places to eat in Vegas, you can easily do better.
Great service, Great food, Amazing music. We decided to start the night getting some grub and a drink. We were a larger group (14 people) and i was only able to eat what was on our side of the table. it did seem like we ordered almost everything from the menu but what i can most distinctly remember are the following. WE started with the Margherita pizza than had the sea salt baked potato and baby asparagus. And for our main course i had the rigatoni sausage bolognese and the maine lobster and an order of the mixed wild mushroom. (i split the main course with someone else.) seemed like a lot of food even for me. 

After dinner, We made our way to the second level which had a more of a club vibe, great tunes and they gave away free drink to the ladies from 11 to 1, i think. which was great for half our party. Definitely a place for bachelorette party. Definitely where the ladies are.
This is an update for the nightclub portion of Lavo, which previous I was not a huge fan of; however, after going last night, I have to say that this place is a totally different animal on a weeknight, and especially during their 'AllNight Tuesday' parties.  We waited in line for about 20 minutes, but considering I was going with my 2 guys friends, we got in fairly quickly, and for free (with local IDs).  When we walked in the club was hopping, but not overcrowded as Lavo normally is on weekends.  Getting a drink from the bar was quick and easy, and we made out way to the very front of the dancefloor by the DJ booth easily.  

This trip to Lavo was really like night and day compared to the first.  The sound system seems to have been upgraded, the security was great (and was even dancing and having fun with the guests rather than standing with their typical air of contempt).  The intimate feel of this place really shined through last night, and I can honestly say it's the most fun I've had at a Vegas club in a long time (it also helps that Above & Beyond were spinning as well).  

I'd still be hesitant about visiting Lavo on a weekend, but if you're in town on a Tuesday and love electronic music (especially trance), DO NOT sleep on Lavo, this place is definitely a gem.
****Club Review****  Great experience, we booked bottle service which has quite a sticker shock initially, but always ends up being money well spent.  We got a great table thanks to Marc and Brandon followed by awesome service from the lovely Jillian.
If only they opened a Lavo in LA or SD, I'd be fat and broke. This place is a real treat when we come to Vegas. I mean, I don't think I've had food like this before. The garlic  bread is to die for! I'll be talking about it for the next 6 months. I love the marinara sauce because it doesn't taste like someone jazzed up some Prego and slapped it on some pasta. It's not super thick sauce but it sure is tasty. The Kobe meatballs are so ridiculous. It's like, how am I gonna eat another meatball after that? I'm gonna turn into a full throttle meatball snob. 

I've never had dessert here because I'm too stuffed to even think about eating dessert after dinner.

Make reservations. We tried to go once and hardly got a table.
I went here with a group as part of a conference, and we were served a fixed menu. I'm vegan, and they were very accommodating, even though we weren't ordering off of the standard menu. The service was great, and the waiter said they'd bring me something. The salad was simple but the dressing was delicious, and the waiter came by twice to give me extra. The pasta was especially good, and was served with the largest head of broccoli that I've ever seen.

Great food, attentive service, and they wanted to make sure we were happy.
Wento LAVO over the memorial Weekend... tried to check this place out since it was FREE for us since we stayed at the Venetian Hotel and Resort. 

Overall, the music was ok., didn't like the atmosphere much... felt like its a little closed and humid at times... people sweating and etc, wouldn't make it pleasant. or at least by controlling the crowd I  would say the problem would be solved - well at least 80%. 

Good thing it had in and outs, so we got some fresh air and went back in after playing a little poker game. 

I would go back, lets see how the second experience is.
Dear Kobe Meatball, I truly enjoyed our single night fling and I would like to write this letter to you to tell you that even though I paid good hard earned $$ for you, you were worth every single, luscious, bite...  As you were juicy, tasty, you were also BIG.  If you hear any woman say size does not matter, it does!  
P.S. Baby you are the biggest I have ever had!!  
Yours forever,
Blanca
We went to Lavo over the Memorial Day weekend and it was not one of the better experiences I had.  We sat outside on the balcony, which is awesome.  The waiter we had was outstanding and tended to our every need.  The downfall to the evening was the food poisoning I endured while in the restaurant.  We ate dinner and were sitting having some after dinner conversation when I was sick to my stomach.  I apologize to anyone who may have been sitting near me, but it struck me like a brick upside the head.  They asked if it was due to the alcohol I drank, however the first drink I had and the only food I had to eat was at Lavo.  Overpriced and unless you like ruining your vacation, I would avoid this place like the plague!
Never would I have thought to come to LAVO for dessert. I thought it was just a club.

I came here for one reason: FRIED OREOS! Sooo soft, warm and FANTASTIC! It was surprisingly light unlike the ones at Carnivals. The Vanilla Gelato that was served with them made the dessert PERFECT!
I ordered it to go, but I couldn't contain myself and i tore that to-go box up and ate it at the bar
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VsewHMsfj1Mgsl2i_hio7w#t-DhxUlDTT6T8wgDmc2LMQ
Went here for the nightclub on a sunday night. Short line, no cover, but super crowded inside! The dance floor was small, but they had tons of good music! 

However, since the area was small and it was jammed packed with people, it was hard to navigate to the bar or to anywhere! Thus, once you're in there, be prepare to stay there or else you'll have trouble finding a room to dance!!

Overall, it was alright, would I go back again? Maybe.
Went here for dinner on Friday night... We had 8 dudes, but even though we had a reservation and it was late (9:45)... we had to wait a bit and they sat us outside...in the 100 degree heat.  The heat wasn't a big deal, but we kind of missed out on the whole decor and atmosphere of the inside.  The kobe meatball was very good.  I just got an 8 ounce filet.  It was good... but it doesn't even come w/ a potato or anything... but the side of asparagus i got was heaping and tasty.  The filet was good though... cooked to my specifications and seasoned nicely... most other people got pasta dishes... do'nt know what they thought, but most looked pretty normal.  Service was good.  They got everything right.  Not super pricey, but pricey.  But overall I was underwhelmed... I just had the feeling that I would rather pay more to eat better or pay less to eat junky.  No real complaints... but I wasn't wowed by anything.
**LAVO the RESTAURANT - Thumbs Up***

///PROS///
- Great décor--(reminded me of Tao NY), lighting, ambiance and menu
- Get the meatball w/ a salad--plenty of food for a late night dinner for two before dancing. The meatball is amazing--plus we were surprised by the price in a good way. One would think this to be more given the size.
- Shared servers--but all were very nice, hospitable, friendly and attentive. No complaints at all.
- One waiter did try to find better olives for my husbands martini's in the kitchen, he did bring some albeit not actual martini olives. Much thanks for trying!
- Great tunes (a cross between electronica and top 40 dance)--made for a fun atmosphere

///CONS///
- Host/Hostess appear bored/annoyed--you can almost see their eyes roll inside their heads
- If you like martini's with good olives this is not the spot. My husband was very disappointed by the baseline bar olives (and surprisingly they are far worse than say a Cheesecake Factory (when we go with our son). Martini's are all about the quality of gin or vodka--and olives. We were quite surprised for an Italian menu that olives were not a core here.

///IF YOU GO...///
- You'll get access to Lavo the Club w/out a huge line/fee

///NO COMMENT///
- Outdoor seating. We'd actually had a reservation for outside-but decided to stay inside as the ambiance seemed like a lot of fun. We noticed there were lots of smokers out there--so we probably wouldn't have liked that very much anyway.

///WOULD WE EAT AT LAVO AGAIN?///
- Definitely, but kind of unlikely as we don't plan to stay at The Palazzo again



***LAVO the Club - BRIDGE & TUNNEL ****

///PROS///
- Very short wait coming from the restaurant
- Amazing hall between stairs and club--cool sinks with water on lined both sides of a floating walk-way. Very cool.
- VIP tickets to Tao Beach (although we'd planned on going to Azure so didn't need them)

///CONS///
Where do I begin?
- Bridge & Tunnel--that's what we'd call it in SF in terms of the people, messy drunks, dress, attitude, atmosphere and music
- Hip Hop Galore. We'd asked one of our waiters about Lavo/Tao (bc we were looking for electronica DJ's) so we knew this was probably NO the spot--and it was confirmed. THANK GOD my husband had not secured a table (as per our original plan) bc we lasted 5 min. I simply can NOT stand the music and vibe.
- So friggin' small--even if you like that sort of music. The "large screen" behind the DJ was smaller than our projector at home. And the laser "art" laughable. The DJ looked like they were spinning on a (horrible) Carnival Cruise I'd experienced circa 1994. Everything about the design was off/wrong--and def. NOT cool/modern/hip. To improve--I'd suggest changing that screen to something larger--and put something on there that is hip/fresh in relation to the music. For hip-hop--gritty city photos (style of How to Make in in America would be good inspiration).
- Did I mention you cannot move--let alone dance (again if you like the music) without seriously rubbing up against some sweaty bodies? Ew.

///IF YOU GO...///
- Go to the restaurant to shorten access time (we did notice non-restaurant folks were in a huge line that was not moving--and it was seriously packed upstairs)
- Get a table if you need a seat, a breather from sweaty/drunk folks and just need a lil' space. 
- Investigate the DJ before you plop down any dough--and make sure it's tunes you dig (we would NOT have been happy had we spent any cash on this one)
- Have low expectations of a club. If you've been to clubs in Paris, NY (Limelight, Tunnel, Webster Hall), Philly (The Bank, Tracadero, Black Banana), SF (1015, Ruby Skye) to name a few--you will not be luvin' this club regardless of the tunes.


///WOULD WE TRY LAVO THE CLUB AGAIN?///
- Hells to the NO.



***SEE OUR OTHER REVIEWS***

+ The Palazzo
+ Lavo
+ Lavo the Club
+ Azure the Beach Club
+ Tao Club
+ Sushi Samba
So, I get to Vegas 2 or 3 times a year, to relax and enjoy good food.  Overall, I would have to say the most mediocre dining experience I have had has been at Lavo.  To even be in the same complex as Bouchon is a travesty. 

So we enter (party of 2) 10 min early for our reservation, and were greeted, given a pager, and asked to wait - no problem, good start.

Sit down in the waiting area, too a while, but ordered a drink - ok no issues there.

Buzzer goes off, I walk back to the hostess station, and say 'I have ordered drinks, but they haven't arrived yet' - the answer - 'OK, go back, and wait to settle the bill and come back when you get your drinks'.  Really?  How about sending them to the table. Seriously?  Go back and wait and do a transaction?  Fine, so we go back and wait for the drinks.  Drinks arrive, I have to do the back and forth dance settling the transaction - go get bill, deposit cash, wait for change, etc....So I go BACK to the hostess station and they say - "Ok, it will be a minute".  So I am standing there with a beer, and my dining partner has a full to the brim martini waiting....

The hostess now navigates us to the table.  We were PACKED in there,  like have to move the tables around so your aren't bumping into people around you.  Not only is it packed but it is EXTREMELY loud.  I mean really really loud, barely able to hear the person across from you.  I am all for hip joints that have a buzz, but some conversation would be nice.  Maybe this is the spot to take the 'professional help' out to so you don't actually have to fake a conversation?

Menu seemed nice, nothing OMG.

Ordered 1/2 doz oysters, asked varieties, told they had Kushis (my fav) and the Ricotta topped Meatball to start.  Split a pasta main (Eggplant and Buffalo Mozzarella) and have to sides of sauteed spinach and mushrooms.

The Meatball and Pasta were pretty darned good.  Not awesome, but good.

Oysters - They arrived - not Kushis but Kumomotos - didn't make a fuss, no bigs.  Eat 3 of them, go for a 4th and once it hist the mouth, instantly know it is bad, the OMG don't puke bad.  Try to gracefully spit it out.

Waiter comes, I comment to him that the oysterman should keep an eye out, I got a bad one, and usually they travel in clumps - response 'sorry'.  That was it, 'sorry'.  Not "GEE thanks for the heads up, sorry if you would have drowned that oyster in cocktail sauce and swallowed it you would have blown chunks all over - man I am glad you didn't do that, gee what can we do to help out" - nada, nothing.

Spinach - I love garlic.  I really love the stinking rose - BUT YOU HAVE TO COOK IT.  This was covered in raw garlic.  I mean loaded with raw garlic - basically an inedible 11 dollar side dish of spinach.

Mushrooms - They were hammered and burnt.  If you like almost dried out crunchy mushrooms with a great burnt taste, sure why not.

I mention both to the waiter, get the same "sorry".

At this point I must sound like an annoying D Nozzle where this post would end up on whitewine.com, but honestly I am a pretty relaxed guy and can roll with the punches.  I get yelled at by customers all day, and can appreciate that a negative experience is an outstanding opportunity to build loyalty based on how you handle the situation...

So I get the bill - nothing addressed, full price, rotten oysters, inedible spinach, and burnt mushrooms and all.

The only good news is that is was so farking noisy in the place, I couldn't even express my frustration to my dinner partner.

Did I mention the couple next to us?  Arrived as we placed our 'water' order.  He ordered soup, both had a main - his was ravioli and hers was a baseball fillet (requested medium).

They got their food when we were PAYING our bill.  Fillet - yup you guessed it, on the rare side of medium rare (I was thinking self, that looks perfect, wonder if she wants to trade for inedible spinach and burnt mushrooms).  Had to send it back.  Really - a fillet?  You cant even get a fillet order right?

I am sure Lavo is the too cool for school place to hang out and show off your black mini-dress, pay premium price for food that is wildly inconsistent.  Order drinks - sure!  Order the meatball and drinks at the bar and then do some more walking - sure!  Have a nice dinner where you can talk to your partner and actually eat a 3 course meal - not so much.  

I think you get my drift
OOOOooOOh LAVO!
Such great food and memories here!

Let me start by saying that the decor and ambiance is on point at LAVO! From the lighting, to the decor, to the people, to the loud bumping music. You walk in and you already feel lavish!
When I walked in I bumped into David Spade! I couldnt help but take a double look when I saw him walking out of the restaurant. 

They have the cutest fully stocked bar. With GOOD cocktails. And well their dinner menu is impeccable!  Try their fried oreos for dessert!  I assure that  YOU WILL DIE AND RESURRECT!! 

Just a couple of FYI's
If you want to have dinner there make a reservation! They get extremly busy for dinner!
Also, if you have dinner at LAVO you get to go to their nightclub for FREEE! 

NOW FOR THE NIGHTCLUB

I wasn't too impressed. The entrance leading to the club is rather intriguing. But the actual club is small and If you dont have a bottle you have no where to sit. 
ASIDE from that good crowd, good music bumpin, and good times!
This place was AWESOME! My boyfriend and I had dinner here over Memorial Day weekend! Our waiter KC was so hospitable, he recommended everything we needed up ordering and we were so delighted with all of his choices! We started with kobe meatball with ricotta. My boyfriend had the sea bass (melted in your mouth), I had the spaghetti carbonara with chicken which was to die for! Then we had the fried Oreo's with Vanilla ice-cream for dessert! KC also recommended a drink that wasn't on the menu that was made or Rose wine and some type of blueberry vodka that was just absolutely divine! Omg this place is soooo yummy and the service was the definition of impeccable we will definitely be going back to LAVO with all our friends on our next Vegas trip!
*Restaurant review only*

Definitely not the best pasta and dessert I've had.  I think I've had more enjoyable food at Olive Garden!  But I'm giving it four stars for their outdoor patio.  It has an amazing view of the Strip and probably the best view on that end of Las Vegas Blvd. since Social House (which moved to Crystals at City Center).  Try and get a seat out here on a warm night.  Such great ambiance and fun music playing, and you might even get to see the pirate show across the street at TI, which, as cheesy as it is, I kind of like hehe :)  

I would come back here alone for the outdoor seating.  I would just make sure to order something else.  I had their Rigatoni Melanzana.  It sounded and looked plain (aka safe) enough in pictures so I decided to get it.  It had some funky taste to it though and I did not like it at all.  My dining companion had the Penna Alla Vodka which I got to try a little bit of and I definitely liked it better.  For dessert we had their tiramisu which I wasn't crazy about.  I've definitely had better.  I wish I had known about their fried oreos!  It wasn't on their menu and the server made no mention of some of the desserts I've read about in their reviews.  If I come back I'll ask if there are any off-menu dessert specials.  

What was good though was the complimentary bread and dipping sauce that came with our meal - delicious!!  I also enjoyed my cocktail too, their Uva Bianco aka "grape drank" haha.  I'd come back for those things and their amazing outdoor patio.  It was busy on the Sunday night we were there for our late 10pm dinner so make reservations if you come here.  Definitely a "see and be seen" kind of place so come looking your spiffiest!
As a club, I like it.  A lot.

Yeah, it's small.  There's no floors upon floors of dance floors, but it does enough to give everybody a good time.

Not only is the bottle service affordable, if you don't finish what you have -- you can take it back to your room.

As for the music?  Awesome.  We were fortunate enough to see Lupe Fiasco doing his own set... and I was like whattt?  Lupe Fiasco?!  He DJs?!  He does, and he's not bad at all.

Good crowds of people too.  As soon as I sat down, folks at the other table were talking to me.

But once the music started playing I got crazy.  I even got up on the table wall thingies and literally freaked every girl on them.  I quickly went down after first glimpse of seeing a bouncer tell someone to get off... but as soon as he was gone, it was back to the top! 

I literally did that all night.  Yes, I was still recovering from my 4-foot Fat Tuesday, but Lavo was just a smackin good time.

Drinks are the $15 you'd expect in Vegas, but screw it I had bottle service.

I even danced with our bottle service host.  She was a looker too.
Oh Lavo how I love thee!  We went here last Saturday night for a bachelorette party. Had a late night reservation for 8 at 945. Got there, we were like 10 mins early, sat at the bar, chatted it up with the lovely Christian, got some drinks and bing right on time our reservation is ready. Hot damn!

We sit down, have a lovely waitress who is all smiles and is aiming to please [remind you she's female we are all female and she was still super duper nice]. We order, get more drinks, say hi to the manager who looks like superman, bread and appies arrive-LIFE IS GOOD.

Ok garlic bread [yes you are probably going to make out with some random later, so bring gum] b/c this bread is worth it!  Kobe stuffed RICE BALLS- there is a god.  These things are FREAKING amazing-like foodgasm good, calamari yummie, and flatbread pizza also very good.

I ordered a tomato and mozzarella salad, this thing is huge [that's what she said], so share it.  IT was again way too much food. My other friend and I split Kobe meatballs and spaghetti, well that was so amazing, she's eaten meatballs everyday since just to try and pretend they were the same.  My other girlfriend who weighs about 100 lbs soaking wet got Eggplant Parmigiana. OK dude she was going to make out with it at the table, she said and I quote 'the is the best eggplant Parmigiana I have ever had IN MY LIFE" she said it like 5 times so I'm fairly confident she meant it. She was also devising ways in which she could take the rest of it home, stick it in her going out bag, and eat it after we went to the club. She was distraught, to say the least, that she was not able to bring it with her for later.

We finish eating and literally roll our happy asses upstairs; whereby, we are escorted to our table and are assigned a wonderfully nice man by the name of Tony who is our security guard for the night. Tony is a miracle worker, basically he boots bad men away from you [A+] and when you have to use the ladies, he escorts you every time himself, flashlight in toe and hand delivers you to the restroom. THEN, bless his heart, waits for you and escorts you back so you don't have to deal w/ shoving people out of your way. OH WHAT A LOVELY CONCEPT!

We had an A+ time here seriously, service was impeccable, price was right, and we all can't wait to do round 2!
First the review of the restaurant:
  I would actually have given the restaurant 4 stars, but since this is a combined review of the restaurant & club, and the club I will give zero stars, that averages out to a 2.  
  The food was delicious.  No complaints about that.  The garlic bread to begin with was great.  Their caprese salad had great fresh mozzarella which I love.  I have to say their flat bread pizza was just ok, nothing special, but it's the cheapest thing on the menu and definitely filling.  We ordered a pitcher of white sangria, which was good, but kinda expensive ($70/pitcher).  Overall everything about LAVO the restaurant was nice including the decor, the service & the food.

Now the review of the club:
  Worst club I've ever seen in Vegas!  We went here for free after eating at the LAVO restaurant.  It was about 11:30pm when we got into the club.  YUCK!!!  First of all it was TINY!!  Seriously, the smallest club I've EVER seen.  And then it was SUPER packed with really gross people I might add.  It was almost impossible to dance on the dance floor and we didn't even try getting a drink.  The bar was insane.  We spent 5 minutes here and then I couldn't stand it anymore!  Awful place, I hope you will avoid it after reading my review.  Go to XS or Marquee!!!!  After leaving LAVO (this was on a Sunday night), we asked one of the female employees at the exit where she would suggest going, and she said XS.
I love this hotel; I just wish it had a better club inside of it.

This club is way too small. There is no where to stand! While I understand that it helps force people to dance, it really sucks when you are not feeling the music. 

The DJ was spinning old school hip hop...but it wasn't old school good hip hop, it was bad hip hop. 

Yes the crowd was older so he was playing to the crowd but unfortunately his selection in music was very poor.
Trendy and loud.  We celebrated my bf's birthday there last night.  Our first seating was of the type of small tables set along a bench.  We were wedged in between a large corner both and another small table. The music was so loud we could barely hear each other.  My bf asked if we could move and we were immediately reseated with a smile, no attitude. Our new table was a lot better. 

My bf had the seared grilled tuna with with artichoke hearts & loved
it.  I had the 8 oz filet and it was good, nothing outstanding though. Keeping in mind this is an Italian restaurant but it seemed the focus was not on Italian food.  This could of influenced our food choices, trying to be fair.  We split a caprese type salad and it was excellent.  The service was friendly and very attentive.  We had several servers attending to us which was excellent except it made the dining experience less formal and we had quite a few interruptions.
Everyone said to go to LAVO on Sunday's because it's usually packed. Yeah, it's packed alright! My friends and I received FREE admission because we were staying at the Venetian. It was nicely decorated. But the place was too small. There were FREE drinks for females until 11pm, which is great. You have to tip the bartenders so they keep coming back to serve you. 

A couple steps down is the dance floor. Trust me, this place is very, very, very small. It was packed with people when I went and maybe that's because of the small venue. It was really hard to dance and have fun with people next to you, at least shoulder apart.

If you're looking for a bigger dance floor with multiple bars, try going to TAO, XS, Marquee, etc.
Note: this is a critique of the night club, not the restaurant.

I have quite an indifferent feeling about this club. I like this club as much as I don't like it.  For one, I'll begin by saying that the liquor portions aren't so bad. For about $14, you get a decent sized cup with friendly portions of alcohol rather than ice and juice(s). Remember to tip the bartender because if you don't he or she will barely pay any attention to you in future requests. 

The crowd was quite diverse and dead. Doesn't matter how small a dance floor is, you come to the club and you better break a sweat. I felt like my girlfriend and I were the only ones dancing while everyone else was wiggling their shoulders and shaking their heads. I would like to tell all club goers to learn how to dance whether it be independent or with a girl/guy. It doesn't even matter if you look stupid just enjoy yourself at least. 

The music was quite decent. The opening DJ to Chuckie played some good electronica and it wasn't too repetitive like typical house music.

Overall, I would not plan go to this club unless there's a very sick DJ, friends, and/or free admittance. It kind of amazes me that they would consider this place a club considering how small it is. If they hit capacity+, I know people would be deprived of clean oxygen. Also due to being only indoor.

 For a very nice hotel, this is one crappy club. If I were most of you, I would take a walk across the street over to XS or Surrender.
came to the restaurant for dinner on a saturday night (after a rager of a wedding at the little white chapel). we had reservations for 11pm and the restaurant was pretty much empty. 

i tried the following:
*crispy fried calamari ($17) - it was good, but probably not worth the $17.
*penne seafood alfredo w/ shrimp & scallops ($31) - YUM. gobbled this thing up. hard to go wrong with alfredo sauce & shrimp but still it was a solid entree.
*french fries w/ truffle ($10) - truffle fries are always good - these were no exception.

everything was great. could have been because i had partied beforehand but i thought it was a good, reasonably priced dinner spot.
I feel like LV clubs are only as fun as you and your friends make it, but this was a terrible club. The service was cool (meaning the bouncers were nice and not douche-y) and the drinks were alright... But the music was a mess. I'm all for a variety when it comes to clubs, but the DJ played Ke$ha, Justin Beiber, Journey.. It honestly felt like a karaoke night rather then a nightclub. Plus, this place is ridiculously small!  I only gave this place 2 stars because me and my friends met these guys who had a table and they offered us all drinks bc they said "we won't finish it all on our own". You don't have to tell me twice!

So all in all, I don't think I'd come here again.
This is for the lounge: came here during New Years' 2012 holiday weekend, and entered the lounge via the guest list. It was free for ladies and open bar until 11:30 pm!! The music was good and we had a blast! We got stamped and had wristbands that allowed us to go to Tao after 12:30 pm. The entire night was awesome because we only had to mobilize from one property to another. We didn't have to wait in any major lines and the promoters took care of us. 

The icing on the cake: being able to walk to the Grand luxe cafe for drunk people dining. It's a ritual for us when in Vegas!!
Wow I do think I can say one bad thing about lavo... Actually I lost my ID here because I was soo wasted... Hahahahah

So the night started with some bottle service that our promoter comped for us! It wasn't the cheap stuff it was gray goose! After we had a few, we went up to the club and say in the vip area with all my girls! Ladies pls don't bring men with you in you want to be taken care of! Hahaha


5 stars for lavo!
Six of us came here for dinner on a guys trip. Problems started right away as they could not find our reservation. It took 10 minutes before they finally agreed to seat us, and they put us outside in the heat which is not what we asked for. 

We ordered our entrees and drinks. I finished my pepsi and asked for another, but they wanted to charge me for another drink. Seriously? We spent over $500 here for dinner and you want to nickel and dime me for a pepsi? I hate it when places do that.

The food finally came and it was just so-so. I had the penne seafood alfredo and it was nothing special at all. I was disappointed and expected more since Tao is so amazing. The service was okay. I wish we had chosen another place for dinner that night.
This review is for the nightclub.

This is just another club with roided out bouncers who push people around for show and aren't expected to defend their actions. They are rude, unreasonable, and stupid. They were constantly rousting everyone in the bathroom line to scoot over an inch like it was the biggest deal in the world. I'd be somewhat willing to put up with that at a big club, but Lavo is TINY. It would be much better suited as a lounge, and  would still be small for even that. There was no room on the little dance floor, and everyone kept getting stepped and spilled on. A basic, small rum and coke was $13...do not come here sober.

Only come here as a back up plan, and do anything you can to not pay cover because it is NOT worth it. You're better off taking that money to roulette.
We came here for the open bar. Except we only got 2 drinks because there were so many people fighting for the bartenders attention. It took around 20 minutes to get drinks. Only 1 person working at the side bar? I don't even know what the management was expecting. 

Lavo is very small. The dance floor is small, so many areas are roped off for VIP. The rest of the areas are pretty tiny too, but I guess that's okay because it forces me to stand closer to my friends and thus, less yelling at each other over the loud music. Music is mostly Top 40, quite a difference from the EDM clubs of Vegas. I was surprised when hip hop came on and people got down and dirty. It's hard to grind when you're jumping up and down, fist pumping to house. 

One word can describe this club: Meh. Come if you have nothing else to do and you want to kill some time before going to the other clubs.
We decide to check the place out as we were staying at the Venetian. The special was a 34 oz piece of meat (OMG! for a vegetarian I almost passed out) they suggest you share it, yeah with like 6 people!!! Anyway, the food was very good, I had the vegetarian spaghetti.  The bread was super yummy, the cocktails good, they have outside seating which we wished we had taken advantage of because the HORRIBLE, earth shaking, DJ spun Techno music was unbearable. I sat on the booth/bench side of the table with my back to the bar - the seat shook the whole time - I guess it saved me a quarter for a vibrating bed, but shoot we were having dinner not clubbing!
For dinner:

I've been here 3 times and was impressed each time.  Great food.  Reasonable prices.  The servings are huge, so you definitely can split an entree.  We sat on the outdoor patio at dusk last time we were there, which was a great spot.  Definitely a great place for an intimate dinner or for groups.  The service is great too.  Everyone is so friendly and helpful.  Highly recommended.
$1350 for bottle service.  Terrible.  We had a table, but they don't have a really defined area, so people were milling into our area.  They just put up ropes, which people move.  We basically kept getting shoved into our table.  Not good.  And a fight broke out.  Classy.  Is was SO crowded (even the staff was complaining)...it took forever to even walk to the door because of the mass amount of people.  I'm sure it was a fire hazard.  It was claustrophobic and awful.  The place is small, so you'd think they'd limit the number of people allowed in.  But no.  We were sardines...that paid $1350.  Avoid avoid avoid.
You just gotta. Because if you  do, you will be happy that you did. Not for the stupid foam they release from the got damn ceiling--but I did like the confetti. You'll be happy that you did, because as your poor little feet throb and endure numbness, you will look up at that disco ball and think, "Got dammit. I'm in Vegas. I'm young. I'm funkin hot. And I'll sleep when I'm dead."
Bunch of old guys
Really small club
They open at 10:30 for the record not 10:28 (those were the kind of comments some of the door men were saying)
Overpriced for a club that will be closed by 2013 for sure

Too many other options in Vegas to settle for this place
Went here with a group of fellas for a Bachelor party dinner and night club experience.  

We ordered a meatballs appetizer as well as garlic bread.  The meatball was fantastic and the garlic bread was also very tasty.  My entree was the crispy chicken which was weird because I was expecting it to be like a fried chicken plate but was pleasantly surprised to see it was grilled.  It came with potatoes and was very good.  They gave a pretty generous helping of chicken.  There weren't a ton of potatoes that came with it, but after finishing my entree I felt full and content.  No room for dessert, so I can't comment on their dessert offerings.  

The price is high, but not too crazy for the ambiance and the portion sizes.  I was expecting to get less food than I did, but was pleasantly surprised.

The nightclub was a little small, but it was a fun time.  Apparently Jerry Rice was there, but I was too busy getting shot down by every woman on the face of the planet to notice that.
Delicious Italian! We order the same meal each time we go: shrimp cocktail for an app with the complimentary garlic bread, then for your entree get the meatball with ricotta appetizer (one HUGE meatball) and an order of spaghetti with tomato and basil sauce. Do this instead of ordering spaghetti and meatballs - better deal. Then, save room for dessert and get the Oreo Zeppole, 6 fried Oreos that you dip in a vanilla milkshake. It's sinful but oh so amazing and you will be craving that meal until your next trip to Vegas! 

My only complaint is the really loud, bumping music. Take it down a notch!
The place was way too crowded for my liking. The food wasn't anything special, especially for the prices they are charging.

The service was very good although I was with a large private party and we were being catered to.
LMFAO made a surprise visit with their entourage! Love their "outta control" fashion! 
It is a bit small but was fun! Too much foam...makes the floors so slippery and it's hard to dance. 

Horrible incident happened but security acted on it quick! Ths guy was trying to dance with all us girls. My friend who told him to leave us alone got stomped on her foot by him and his boot! Green giant monster ran away, we could not find him. 

I flashed my iPhone on her foot because I saw something black...it was blood! That terrible man, busted her pinky toe wide open. Security took her back to their paramedic team ( yes they have their own paramedics!!) and stitched her up. Unbelievable night. 

I am a big time hand washer, so YOU know I was walking down the entrance and io lavarsi le mani nel lavandinos!!! love it!

Grazie mile! Party Rock!
We went on a Sunday night and we ordered a few bottles for bottle service. The club was pretty small and stuffy. Our cocktail server was supposed to stay with our group and pour drinks for us the whole night, but instead left and came back and forth. We were paying a lot of money, and it would be nice to have the server at least stay at our table and keep pouring our drinks.  It wasn't that busy for her to be gone majority of the time.
I really like Lavo (as a nightclub)! Have yet to have a meal here though, so this review is for the nightclub only. Space-wise it can get pretty cramped because it's a bit on the smaller side, but nowhere near as uncomfortably packed as Tao. Dance floor is pretty tiny, but honestly, I didn't notice it until the place had mostly cleared out and I got a good look around. They play hip-hop and a lot of old songs, but old in a way that makes you go "oh man, I haven't heard this song in a while, but  it's still awesome," which I think is a nice change of pace from all the clubs that play almost exclusively house music.

Lavo is probably a 3.5 in my book, though I have to admit, part of the reason for that is because we had open bar, courtesy of our wonderful promoter (who also got our guys in for free!) There's a main bar area, but we got all our drinks from the side bar, which was super crowded and only had one bartender working there. But he was a really adorable and sweet bartender, so no complaints.

tl;dr: Everyone in my group had a fairly fun time. Would definitely come back-- especially if we're staying at the Venetian/Palazzo!
Have been for late dinner, and happy hour appetizers.  Both good, but only good.  Which is good!!  Italian is top quality for Las Vegas, but with a club inside the restaurant it becomes tough to take serious as a top quality restaurant.  The appetizers are great, cocktails are decent. If you want Vegas flare, it is one of the top places that cater to people who need both liquid and solid.  Definitely worthy!
Had a really good experience on a Wednesday night at both the restaurant and the club. 

It was a nice night, so we sat on the patio which is a very nice spot.  Has the potential to get crowded quickly.  Started off with the Meatball with whipped ricotta. Ive definitely had better Kobe meat balls (Sorellina in Boston). If I eat there again, I will not order the meat ball. I had Chilean Sea Bass and it was a very good dish with very bright flavors and cooked perfectly. Our server was excellent. I believe his name was Arthur.   This is not my favorite place in Vegas but it was an overall good experience. 

My biggest gripe was how much hell the staff gives you about going up to the night club after you've paid Vegas prices to eat there. The bouncers are the worst, unnecessarily rude and on some stupid power trip.  Once in the club, we found a good spot right at the bar, closest to the dance floor.  this is a very small club, but they were playing awesome music.
Great service, great food, great view (Treasure Island pirate show).  We go to vegas to dine and we found this restaurant to be a gem.  It is in the Palazzo (connected to the Venetian), and I would say the pizza and pasta is a must.  We went with our 2 small daughters, and the wait staff and server made them feel at home.  Thank you!!!!!
went back to the club and the restaurant as well. The VIP host "Robert C" was very good, he hooked us up with a great dancefloor table next to some very pretty girls. That was a good night. I love this club, its all about having a good time unlike other clubs where its all about trying to show off how much money you can burn through in a night. Music is always great, favorite is the DJ Vice Sundays but the La Freak Friday party was fun as well. 

Also had dinner here. The Kobe meatball was amazing. Huge, ate it later, would want to try it with ricotta...also loved the eggplant, fresh mozerella and rigatoni....al dente...the complimentary garlic bread and tomato sauce was awesome. the only complaint was on the tuna tartare the olive on the side made it a little salty, but then again I'm not really big on tuna tartare to begin with. Service was really great, our waitress really was helpful.
TINY little club located above the beautiful Lavo restaurant. The nightclub has definitely lost some of it's luster over the years, but I still find myself coming in for several reasons.

1. Free entry and OPEN BAR for girls
2. They pour pretty heavy here, which means....lot's of free booze for the girls. 
3. Really sweet bartenders (PAUL: You're awesome!)
4. Open on Sunday nights

Yes, this place isn't nearly as nice as XS or even it's sister venue, Tao, but it's pretty low key (so you don't have to wait in line FOREVER). It's a great place to start your night :D
We came to get into the nightclub on a friday night, before midnight. 

- VCard gets you in right away! 30+ people in line, and we get in like a boss.
- Sink entrance fail. lol. reminds me of home depot! I guarantee you will wash your hands xD.
- Girls tickling each other with large white feathers. o___O!
- Mouth picture decor. (- O -)
- Get on the dance floor right away! 20 mins into the club, you'll be right in the center, dancing!
- "YALL go make me lose ma mind! and MOVE B-TCH" DMX and Luda not good.
- Human Sardine!
- Seating okay! After bumping elbows and spilled drinks on the shirt, relax next to AC + a leather couch :)
- Stay for an hour or so. Grab a flash stick. Continue the night elsewhere. Too much sweat on sweat.
I went to the nightclub not the restaurant but I saw the restaurant part and it was gorgeous. The club is pretty small it was just a dance floor in the middle and a big bar off to the side with space to dance around. It was ok I wouldn't recommend it as one of the "go to" clubs in Vegas. I would have much rather gone somewhere else. We got there after 12 and the list was closed ladies had to pay $10 and men $20. I was against it since I'm from Miami and I refuse to pay to get into a club but we were the tourists this time.
Lavo is an ok night club. It's a pretty small venue compared to some of the other clubs in Vegas but it's still relatively nice. There is definitely a much shorter wait here than most other clubs. I feel like the crowd here attracts less college students (I prefer the college age crowd since well, I'm in college). I feel like this club doesn't give you the same epic clubbing in vegas experience as some of the larger clubs do though. but why do I still go? Short lines, sometimes the guys will get in free/cheap and they often have open bar for girls! It's not a bad place to start out your night, if you're not feeling it you can always hop over to another club after getting some free drinks. Oh, also because this place usually plays hip hop, or all the times I've been here anyways. Usually when I go the people I'm with aren't as into edm so we opt for clubs that play more hip hop. Although I wouldn't mind the edm, we go with the group majority :I
Located in The Palazzo Hotel Casino, this is the nightclub part of this place, the restaurant is downstairs. For a nightclub the room is fairly bright (That's a good thing in my book). The servers have no attitude (also a good thing in my book). Also a word about the Palazzo, they are very good to the community, much better than some of the other strip casinos (A very good thing in my book). I should also mention that the drinks are very good as well. It is worth stopping by for a drink or three, an all around fun place.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Food was good with a lot of selections.  I was here twice and noticed the portions of food was more when eating at the "restaurant" section than eating at the "bar" section.  Waiters were friendly.

Since both time that I came was on the weekend and during dinner time, the atmosphere was dark (as if getting ready for a club) but was very noisy.  Eating outside would be better if you prefer the Las Vegas Blvd view; plus Treasure Island music and the occassional show.  I would recommend checking LV weather before deciding to sit outside.

One gripe I had was the additional waiting.  I still have to wait ANOTHER 30min even though I made a reservation.  However, reservation is still recommended; unless you come at and off-peak time or if the bar section has available seating.  Since I was a party of two, I felt they made us wait until a "table for two" was available and you felt cramp sitting next to other guests.  The worst part is seeing bigger groups of people just walk in and and grab seats before you.
I have such mixed feelings about my recent visit to LAVO this past Friday night. We had such a blast the last time we were here. Since we were staying at Palazzo again, we figured we'd come back again. I contacted the same promoter from last time and we were able to get in free again, open bar. 

We met some really cool English guys and hung out at their table. Apparently, it was LAVO's owner's birthday celebration that night so he was so generous and gave every table Crystal champagne. Yep, Crystal baby! I don't usually drink (yes, you heard me) but I wasn't gonna pass up this opportunity. Man, that was good champagne! Then 30min later, they brought out Patron Silver for every table too! 

Now here's the disappointment. We had a guy friend in our group. I don't know the exact story but he was kicked out by security. They accused him of being too drunk and harrassing other girls. He's gay! Are you serious?! Our assumption is they were discriminating cuz he's gay. He did drink but was not intoxicated and acting inappropriately. They even confiscated his wallet. We left the club, obviously, and spent an hour talking to the head of security to get his wallet back. Of course, they denied their security in the club would do such a thing, but we didn't make it up. Finally, they 'found' his wallet and said it was in lost and found. Sorry, but that's BS. I don't know if we'll come back next time. This incident definitely ruined the night.
Best meatballs I've ever had. 

Should have written this review earlier. Basically, we had a party of 10 and we tried a variety of appetizers and entrees. Everything turned out amazing and our drinks were super delicious as well!

It was a great pick for our last night in vegas. :)
Small small club for Las Vegas standards. We had table service so I can't speak for the bar service. Overall it was not the level that Vegas usually is when it comes to table service. We still had a great time. But if I did not have a table I would not come back. There were no standing room and the dance floor was packed!
I am torn. We didn't come here for the club, just for dinner. I felt like the italian dishes were probably "meh" and nothing special but... 

if I could sum it up, high roller, big baller:  I hope you like balls. Don't leave here without putting some balls in your mouth.

GET THE MEATBALL. Get the meatball. Get one. Get two. Get more. But really, taste the meatballs, because it's really what you should come to LAVO for. 

Jokes aside. I had intense ordering regret when I had one taste of my friend's meatball (hah, hah).  Because I didn't order one, and so all I could think about while I ate my so-so bolognese was... I want more of his meatball! 


We were seated outside on the balcony facing the Treasure Island show. Our waiter was hilarious- he claimed to be able to perform the whole thing, and I called him on it, so he lip synced perfectly to most of it. The drinks were good. 

Overall message: get the balls.
Reviewing the restaurant, not the club - 

Came here on a Friday night with my 6 buddies. We have a 7:30 reservation and were sat immediately. It was a nice night so we chose to sit outside. Ended up being a good call because it offers a pretty cool view of the strip. We even got to catch some fireworks from the pirate show over at Treasure Island.

Anyway - our waitress was great. She recommended a bottle of Pinot Noir which turned out to be very good wine. We had heard that the meatballs were their specialty, so we ordered 3 of them for the table. Wow, just like everyone else has said, it was incredible, and the 7 of us housed them in about 2 minutes. For my entree I had the Chicken Marsala, which I enjoyed but it was nothing to write home about (kind of a standard dish I suppose, though). For dessert we shared the fried oreos. Didn't see much talk of these in the reviews, but oh my god you have to order those as well. 

Overall a really enjoyable experience and I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Sister's 21st bday in Vegas so i looked for the hot spot to take her to dinner and she said italian so LAVO popped up first. Made reservations on a Saturday night and we were seated right away when we arrived. Nice decor, dark and very loud music just a hip modern atmosphere to get our night started. Our server was prompt and we started with drinks, now don't ask me to name them off their cocktail list I cant remember the weird italian names but they were good. Unfortunately later on the music was so loud my server heard something completely different and brought the wrong drink but it was good and drinkable, she even offered to comp it and bring the correct one but I didn't mind. For appetizers we ordered the oysters and the evenings  special squash blossoms, they arrived quickly and before that we ate some of their delicious garlic read so yummy! The oysters were delicious and fresh but when they came out we thought they were trying to jip us since there were 3 large and 3 extra small so we brought it to our servers attention and she informed us they were different types of oysters ooooooh.... ok we get it now but I dont remember that description in the menu. The squash blossoms were disappointing, heavily deep fried and bland, when i heard it was drizzled with honey truffle I thought they would be amazing but i wouldn't recommend them. For our entrees I asked our server which was more popular the penne with seafood or spaghetti carbonara...she picked the spaghetti and man it was incredible! Highly recommend this dish, cannot get it out of my mind my mouth salivates thinking about it. My sister had the shrimp linguine special which was ok not as flavorful as the carbonara, my friend ordered the seabass which I thought for the price, I've had much better for much less. Should have tried the meatballs that everyone talks about, in my reservation i wrote celebrating my sisters birthday and again in front of our server said " lets start with the birthday girl!" so I was disappointed when we did not receive the bday dessert I've read about and maybe I should directly asked but I didn't want to be annoying. Enjoyed our evening never rushed like at Tao and service from hostess to server was good also.
My friends and I ended up at the nightclub on Wednesday and really enjoyed ourselves.  Yes, the dance flood is small, but a lot of the clubs where I am from are similar. 

We ate here on Thursday, 9/20 and LOVED it!  I had the salmon and couldn't believe how delicious everything was.  I had read a bunch of reviews on here before we left for Vegas and almost changed my mind on eating here, but I'm certainly glad I didn't.  The restaurant was a little loud, but the food and the scenery made up for it.
Not quite the A-List crowd like the one in NYC, but it did the job.

Nice looking venue (but what venue ISN'T nice looking in Vegas?), though not quite as impressive as TAO (that room is just incredible looking, but with a shitty crowd.)

The girls were very drunk and very friendly, though I must admit not so to every guy. LOL

I couldnt tell you anything about the restaurant, but the drink prices were quite reasonable compared to Manhattan.
This review is solely based on my experience with the restaurant. 

I had the meatball with ricotta cheese and it was absolutely heaven and I had some calamari which was super delicious. 

For dinner, I had the filet with the chimichurri sauce and spinach which went above and beyond my expectations. Also, the salmon is spectacular and the fried oreos are a must. I was extremely pleased with this meal and pleasantly surprised to see how well priced things were-- especially compared to other restaurants in Vegas that don't come close favor-wise. 

I'm giving it 5 stars because the food was delicious and our waiter was so nice and patient with our rather large party. I will definitely be coming back here any time I'm in Vegas.
The outside looked nice but what place isn't in Vegas.  The club was small.  Service was bad.  Doorman was not nice.   The music was ok, but couldn't overcome the overall bad vibe.  Drinks were typical.  Did not compare to XS.
This review is about the dining experience- all I can say is, the meatball is so good that it pretty much made up for the completely distant, inattentive service that I received at dinner last Saturday.

What also helped was the perfect weather on the terrace over-looking the Strip.  So fun!

(I have eaten inside of the restaurant before, but it wasn't nearly as interesting.)
Restaurant: two stars.  Good steak, dry pasta.  Service was fast.  We had our meal within 5 minutes of ordering.  I am pretty sure they had it cooked in advance, which probably explains why the pasta was little dried out instead of fresh.  

Club: zero stars.  This club is tiny.  They don't actually have tables.  If you pay $350 for bottle service, then you get four seats on a couch with a very small nightstand on the floor in front of you.  If you don't "buy" a seat, forget sitting at the bar.  It only has room for the first 5 people to arrive.  The only place we visited with worse service and attitude was Marquee.  There are other clubs far superior.  The night I was there, the crowd did not impress, either.  Boys sitting on one side of the room, girls on the other, very little chemistry.
Classy looking place, but the food quality wasn't that good. If you're going to charge $30+ for your entrees, at least have them taste really good. Everything we ordered was over-salted. Probably the saltiest food I've had in a restaurant ever. When we told the waitress that, she didn't really pay any mind. We noticed that the same sauces and breadcrumbs were used in the apps and the entrees. At least be a little original with your dishes. I think any other restaurant would care more, but since this is Vegas, they can charge top dollar for average food. The crowds will keep coming in I guess.
Extremely RUDE and OFFENSIVE place!  I went last week with friends for a drink And dance. As we were ready to leave, one security guy stopped us and asked for my ID. I showed it to him. He looked at it and didn't say anything and threw us our from the back door. He even put a cross on my wrist! We complained to the manager at the door, who agreed that we weren't making any trouble or drunk but he couldnt explain his staff's behavior. However the manager did not apologize to us. DO NOT GO to this club unless you are ready to be treated like crap!
Disclaimer: I am only reviewing the nightclub portion of Lavo. There is also a restaurant on the bottom floor that looks trendy, but I've never eaten there.

I went to Lavo on a Tuesday night several months ago. I was told I was on the guestlist, and when I told one of the bouncers, he put me in a line with everyone else. Turns out that they just put general admission and guest list people in the same line. Then the guy with the clip board told me I was not on the list.

I ended up paying to get in. I was frustrated at everything (I'm a local) but I kept my cool because I was on date.

The drinks were expensive (bad place to bring a date) but the music was good. The dance floor was busy but it was possible to dance, unlike other night clubs. Then again, it was a Tuesday. On Friday and Saturday, I could see this place getting way to crowded, as this is a very tiny night club.
Came here for dinner to check out what all the rave was about their kobe meatballs. The dining experience was not great nor bad.  It was ok. We ordered their kobe meatball to start, literally it was a size of a grapefruit. Was ok, not the best. I had the chilean seabass, which was divine and silky....highly recommend. And the hubby had the seafood pasta, which again was just ok. We checked out the nightclub upstairs and it was entertaining/fun.
Short Review:
This is for the night club not the restaurant
- One of the smallest clubs I have ever been to in Vegas
- Lively crowd it's usually PACKED (probably due to the size) and the music is okay

For people who are familiar with downtown San Jose this place is kind of like The Loft.  It's an upstairs club the decor is much nicer (comes with LED lights etc.) but overall pretty small compared to the rest of the clubs in Vegas.
The review is for a restaurant, although, frankly, I'm confused why you'd combine an Italian restaurant that serves very comfort-food dishes with a night club. It's not like you can dance to the techno as you're eating. So what do you do during the dinner portion of the dinner? Stare awkwardly at your party because you can't really talk. 

The food is fine, although a bit too salty, and expensive. But the atmosphere makes the place rather unbearable.
This review will be for both the restaurant and the nightclub, since we did both. I was in town last weekend for a stagette and this is where we went on Saturday night. 

We arrived at the restaurant around 7:45p and were seated right away. We had originally made our reservation for 8:30p, but they somehow lost it and when we called to confirm, (after kind of a lot of hassle) we were told that the only time they could seat us would be 7:45p. No big deal, we were already ready to go out, so we took the earlier time and away we went. After we were seated, our waiter came over immediately to give us a rundown of the menu and he brought us probably the most delicious garlic bread I've ever had. We tore through the bread in a matter of minutes and proceeded to order the beef carpacciao, a meatball appetizer (literally, the size of a softball), rigatoni bolognese, grilled branzino, spaghetti w/more meatballs, and a seafood pasta. Everything was delicious, and I can see why they're famous for their meatballs. SO GOOD. We had a bottle of wine with the appetizers, individual glasses of wine with dinner, and two rounds of after dinner drinks. No dessert. Total bill for 4 ladies = $442.50. Not bad considering we sat there for over 3 hours eating and drinking. They even threw in a shot of tequila for the bachelorette!

After dinner (around 11p), we headed upstairs to the club/lounge. We were escorted up by our waiter and given VIP wristbands. We walked inside and were immediately greeted by some really fun 70's disco/Michael Jackson mash-ups. The bar area was packed and drinks were a bit expensive, but whatever. The decor is gorgeous, all Tuscan style and really cozy. The ladies room was uncrowded, unfussy and dimly lit, with a really nice bathroom attendant, which I appreciate when I've got wet hands and I'm trying to manage my clutch, my drink, and fumble around trying to get some hand towels. I found this place to be more like a lounge rather than a massive annoying Vegas club. We danced for a few hours then left in search of pizza. 

All-in-all, a really great experience at both places and a super fun night. I will definitely go back, and I would have given 5 stars had they not screwed up our reservation.
Lavo nightclub is the spot on Sundays. especially when there's VICE. Cant get any better. free cover for guys and girls on gl, girls have open bar until midnight. confetti, glow sticks, foam, great music, madness!

total cost spent between my friends and I: $11 (tipping for drinks).
Delicious food and a great outside seating area overlooking the strip.

Garlic bread was some of the best I've ever had. My date had veal parmesan that was so incredibly good. I've never had veal parmesan before so idk what to compare it to but I am now a fan. At least of theirs. I was jealous that I didn't order it. I had the kobe meatball with ricatta and that thing was the size of a baseball. It was seasoned very well and was very flavorful. I had it for leftovers the next couple days. 

Very hip/trendy restaurant with a young people vibe although I did see some oldies there. Nothing wrong with that but it is also a nightclub upstairs so I guess that explains the typical crowd this place draws.
Great lounge. Flatbread pizza tremendous.
AMAZING Food! AMAZING WAITERS! We were with a HUGE party like 100+ people and it was the best time i've ever had in a fancy restaurant. Food was soooooo good I can't even begin. The waiters were all A:so cute b: so nice c:soo funny. We were playing games at our table with them and they totally just played along. I didn't have to pay for this meal so price didn't matter to me, but for a NICE begas restaurant the prices didn't seem to bad!
Fantastic  Food. 
Service was perfect. Very fast & friendly.  Totally worth the price.
Dined here on a Thursday evening as a walk-in, before the club filled in. Sat outdoors which was pleasant and scenic. Oyster sampler for appetizer - super fresh and sweet. Spaghetti with Kobe beef meatballs for entree... the best meatballs I've ever had. The table shared a warm banana and chocolate pudding and a strawberry ricotta cheesecake... both of which were incredible. Service was extremely slow, especially the long waits for dishes to be cleared and for the payment to be processed. But it's Vegas and I was relaxed so not a huge deal. Would absolutely dine there again, and without question I would order any dish that featured Lavo's meatballs.
WOW! One for the books! Talk about TURNT THE FACK UP! rolled to Lavo on Sunday for VICE Sundays with about 30+ of my friends. The guys did bottle service and the girls were taken care of through gl with open bar till 12:30am. (Thanks Tristan for ALWAYS getting my back on entrance) I thought LAVO for hallowen weekend was wild but this past Sunday Vice KILLED IT AGAIN ON THE TABLES! He is by far one of my favorite multi-genre dj. I was jiggin with my team like no other! about 1/3 of the team stayed till the CLUB CLOSED. Literally Dj Vice was playin slaps till they turned the lights on!

This night in particular was the most crowded i've seen it and I've been here at least 4-5 times. There was a mustache party nd the winner came out with $3000! Not bad.

NOTE: I've never been here other than Sundays, but if you want the time of your life, hit up Lavo on Sunday when DJ Vice is djing.

Total spent: $Free.99
My wife and I had dinner here for the first time and let me tell you something; 
Service - excellent 
Food - excellent 
What else is there, this is all you need at a restaurant.
Went here for a bachelorette party for both dinner and then the club upstairs.  

Everyone really enjoyed their meal and the garlic bread was out of this world.  It comes out nice and hot and wrapped in aluminum foil.

From what i can remember, we all had a great time at the club as well.

Would love to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
The club might be awesome but restaurant is a different story. The food was very disappointing, and the hostess even worst. She wouldn't seat our party (we had made reservations the day before) until the rest of the group showed up. What kind of a place makes you stand to wait?!
Cons: Price (garlic bread is 6 dollars), small portions, poor service. We had a 9:30pm reservation for dinner (group of 4) - we didn't get seated until well after 10pm with no apologizes. 

Pros: Good food, nice place.

Overall: the food is good but not really worth the poor service, high prices, and long wait times, especially when there are so many other great restaurants around.
Great place for youngsters!  we be clubbing :)
We got hooked up with a promoter on a Wednesday night who got us free bottle service (until the table was sold, which didn't happen), except we had to share with another group of girls. And the tables are TINY, so... it got pretty crowded. Anyways, open bar till 12:30AM, then bottle service with the promoters so it all worked out.

There was a convention of some sort so the beginning of the night saw a crowd of older folks, so the DJ catered the music towards them. Once they cleared out, he started spinning more hip hop, which was great cuz hip hop is hard to find in Vegas.

The security guard assigned to our table was awesome, really funny and he even escorted my friend to the restroom cuz she didn't know where it was.

Watch out for those tricky tables! The glass is sloped at the end so if you place your drink too close to the edge, your drink will end up all over your shoes.

The club is quite small (it's the same size as a club in Vancouver! Lame) so it gets pretty packed on the dance floor.

A night of highs (free drinks, great music & people) & lows (too many free drinks, people getting kicked out [not me!]), but a great time overall.
Lavo's Vice Sunday was easily the best night of the trip for me.  After a long weekend we were all ready to indulge one last time and Lavo provided the perfect atmosphere for that.  We managed to have a table for the entire night, I'm still not sure how bottles kept appearing, but it was a blast.  The music was the perfect balance of old school, hip hop, and current jams.  Lavo tops the list for me because it was laid-back, lacked pretense, and was filled with people genuinely enjoying Sunday Funday in Sin City.
Try the chicken marsala! The food was good and the ambiance was nice. I thought it as a bit pricey (but hey, it is vegas), and the service was slow... we had to go to the bar in between drinks to continue getting drinks. 

We went up to the club afterward which was crowded, but there were lots of cheesy things that happened... shooting streamers, etc. Wasn't a huge fan of that. I'd go back for the food, but prob not to the club.
Had the meatball with sausage ragu. It was so amazing. Be warned it is very big, my girlfriend had to save hers for later
This was the the for the Las Vegas RNR marathon after party and it definitely didn`t disappoint!! Those of us that had our VIP passes (from the race) skipped the wait in line and got right in. Three levels of Lavo. First one being the bar with cushy seatings and small cozy tables, packed of course. Second level more small tables ( Lavo is an Italian restaurant and night club). Third level, club area-packed, and really small. Kind of hard to walk through but we did have a blast over all!! I kept hearing about their ragu with big balls (as in meatballs) and decided on my next visit to try them, everyone keeps raving about these balls!!
This is a review of the NIGHTCLUB portion of the venue.

It's a pretty midgety place compared to its Venetian cousin, the Tao Nightclub. Definition wise, it should be considered a Ultra Lounge instead. Very small dance floor, but it does attract a more laid back crowd than Tao. 

If you are not into Asians, don't come to Lavo or Tao. Because I am definitely not attracted to Asians, and in both my experiences here and Tao, damn Asians are fucking everywhere around me. 

Be sure to come over early, because the lines do extend past the front doors of the Palazzo casino at around 10:45.
The meatball was so amazing.  
Food =Amazing
Service=Amazing
If I had this everyday,  I would never stop having the meatball and the waiters and waitresses are very convincing.
This review is for the nightclub which was an experience to say the least. We got two VIP tables with a bottle of vodka comped since we knew one of the club promoters. This came with our own security guard and waitress which both provided great service including lighting up the drink menu with flashlights, taking pictures for us and quickly cleaning up any of the many spilled drinks we had. The only downside to Lavo was how expensive the alcohol was - cheapest bottle was 375 dollars, shots starting at 15. I'll definitely be back for round two at some point.
I gave LAVO a terrible review the first time visited, but after this night, it's a pretty nice club (when it's not full). The promoters and bouncers outside were really nice, and dressed beautifully, pocket square and all. The club itself is kind of small, and the dance floor is tiny. LOTS OF GUYS. I was surrounded by guys at one point in the night and I decided to make my escape to the bar area. 

I won a contest and got a pair of tickets + drinks to see Cosmic Gate play here. Unfortunately, or fortunately, there were a handful of high ranking DJs at the other clubs, so Lavo was a bit empty. The girls and I had a space to sit while we're tired, and didn't need to fight to get the bartender's attention. The free drink tickets kept on coming! 

Too bad for Cosmic Gate, the dance floor emptied around 2am, and I was able to go up all the way to the booth. Around that time the managers probably got the hint and turned on the lights. Poor CG, I still love you!
Nightclub review: Surprisingly not too bad

Vegas during NYE weekend is always a hot mess. We were staying at Palazzo & had a pretty crappy ratio (more guys than girls overall, though last minute, some of the guys decided not to go clubbing & we had an even ratio) so we decided to try our luck at LAVO. Especially because it was FREEZING outside and no one wanted to trek out of the hotel. If you are a guest at the hotel, you can get yourself on the Concierge's guestlist. But honestly, I'm not sure how strict they are with guestlist because the promoter/bouncers didn't even check a list. All they cared about was how many females are in your party. 

the good:
- guys can (potentially) get in free if you have at least a 1:1 ratio. which we did have, but SOME SHIESTY PARTY OF GUYS in front of us absorbed our party and TOOK OUR FREE GUY PASSES. What d-bags. So our guys had to pay $30 each. 
- we were there for Vice Sunday and the music was REALLY GOOD. Mostly hip hop & the mixes were awesome. 
- Lines were pretty short around 10:30pm. 
- they threw out free glowsticks!!! 

the bad:
- dance floor is ridiculously small. packed like sardines. which is serious buzzkill for those of us who likes to dance!
This review is for the nightclub, as I didn't eat at the restaurant. I came to Lavo during my trip to Vegas right before Christmas. A promoter stopped my twin and I in the street and invited us to go so we said why not. 

It was a Sunday and I had no clue what the parties were like on that day, or how the crowds or bouncers would be. But the bouncers were nice and we got right in and headed up to the club. When I hear "nightclub" I think monstrous open space. That would make Lavo a lounge...a pretty small one. We got there at a decent time and it was already pretty full, but an hour later it was just too cramped to enjoy (I'm more of a sexy lounge type of girl). 

As others noted, the crowd was most definitely Asian. I was there with my sister to have fun so I really didn't care, but people looking to pick up someone (or be picked up) should keep it in mind if they're expecting a more diverse selection. 

But regardless, I did enjoy myself (without alcohol, I might add) and might check it out again if I was in town. The DJ was pretty awesome that night and I still have my foam glow sticks = )
So I hit up Lavo for two weekends in a row, weekend before Xmas and New Years Day. I seriously have NOTHING bad to say about this spot. What is there not to like when its easy for girls to get in for free, guys get in for free if there is a 1:1 ratio as long as the girl is on gl, and girls get open bar until midnight!

The weekend before xmas, we went on a Sunday during DJ Vice who ALWAYS kills it on the tables! I love the fact that they always throw out them cool glowsticks, there's confetti or foam that shoots out, and the fog! Whenever theres fog, it just makes the experience better! It wasn't as crowded, but there definitely enough people to make the spot poppin!

New Years Day, It was a Tuesday and it was industry night. The line was ridiculously long but we still all managed to get in for free and waited for about 20 minutes? This time around the club was much more crowded than last Sunday I went but it was still a great time. Of course they came back with the glowsticks, foam and they gave us another New Years countdown!! Dj Lema and special guest Dj Chuckie, killed the tables! Before I knew it, I looked and it was 3:30am!

Lavo nightclub is the spot to be if you looking for a cross between mega club (xs, marquee) and lounge (ghostbar).

Spent: Free.99
AWFUL CLUB, terrible service, never met a dumber group of bouncers. Got kicked because the table next to us was being rowdy even though we spent upwards of 700$ on a bottle. Idiot manager couldn't even give us a reason for kicking us out other than "someone in your group was misbehaving" if you saw someone acting stupid in a club, would you kick out the people around them? no. club was DISGUSTING is it that expensive to hire janitors? Also I couldn't believe how prostitute invested the club was, I wasn't aware clubs hired prostitutes to up the ratio of guys to girls, super low if you ask me. Extremely unprofessional staff. Again i can hardly put into words how stupid the bouncers were, met this 17 year old at LAVO who used the jenkiest fake ID to get in and he said he didn't have a problem, him and 3 of his friends had no problem getting into a 21+ VEGAS NIGHTCLUB. I didn't feel like I was in vegas that night but maybe Atlantic city or some club in Fresno. NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR, SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GO TO MARQUEE OR XS. 

PS the DJ SUCKED, dj scratchy or scrappy? some lame dj from LA i could have found better talent on my list of facebook friends.
Okay, so I went to Lavo the weekend after NYE, so I wasn't expecting a huge crowd. BUT it was a Saturday night, I did expect a few more people....  The venue was okay, the staff was nice but my 2 star rating is specifically for the DJ. Terrible! No one was dancing..and he only played EDM and barely any top 40! Not the classic Vegas DJ mix I'm used to... the DJ was really feeling himself, but was not doing his job as serving the club goers and providing a good time! I will say, his one redeeming quality was playinig my friends request of Beyonce because it was her birthday...
good food! I had the Louis salad (with lobster) and the sea bass. Both tasted very fresh. Cocktails are good too. Then it's noisy and quite dark, but it's part of the fun I guess.
Dammit. Thought I wrote a review for this forever ago. Maybe not so ill keep it short. 
HIP HOP ON THE STRIP!!!!!!!
Ok. I'm done. 

This club is a little small for vegas standards. I went here on Halloween ( a few years ago so sorry for the delayed review) but I remember really enjoying the music and the party people. This would be included on my favorite night out should I come back again which I have plans too soon. 

So yay for good music.
LAVO is not like the typical night clubs in Vegas.  It looks like a restaurant first and foremost with a lounge attached to it.  My friends and I visited during CES so all of Vegas was packed!  We first tried our luck at Tao but the line was wrapped around the shops so we decided to try LAVO.  We decided against getting a bottle at LAVO just because it was so small and we weren't sure how long we were going to stay.  We ended up making the right decision because the nice part about LAVO is that they allowed us to sit at the tables without having to purchase bottle service.  The drinks were expensive and nothing to special about them but typical Vegas nightclub pricing but they sure were strong.  The DJ that they had that night was just a house DJ but he was pretty good; spinning mostly top 40 with a bit of EDM and house mixed in.  I would recommend LAVO if you're looking for a smaller club experience and a place to chill with some friends that doesn't require bottle service to have a good time.
I think my rating might be a bit unfair. I was having a dinner meeting here so I was more engaged with the conversation vs. the food. However the things that I noticed were the following:

- The portions are too big. Some might enjoy it but you'll be so overwhelmed with the appetizers that perhaps you won't enjoy the main course as much.

- The ambiance is great. Well put together and the lighting is nice too. I would have thought the presentation of the food would have better suited the theme that they created 

- Quality of the food is definitely 3stars. Again. Nothing that I wow'd over. 

It reminds me of being at a really fancy restaurant while being served food from maggiano's (nothing wrong with maggiano's)...but it didn't live up to what I was expecting

The staff was very friendly and our server was beyond helpful. Supporting staff was always attentive as well. Perhaps I came in with a different impression and got something different?? I'm sure I will try it again, perhaps with a more casual group.
I literally licked my plate. Yes I was a wee bit intoxicated but it was 100% justified.

My boss and his wife raved about how freaking amazing their Kobe meatballs are. I prepared myself for potential over hype, but they lived up to all expectations.

Going a step back, we arrived on time for our 8pm reservation and had to wait as the place was super busy with it being the last night of CES. A slight nudge and the management did what every restaurant should do, they bought us a round of drinks. Just as we were going to sweet talk our way into a 2nd round, our table was ready.

This place is sexy, though due to CES the male:female ratio was skewed to sausage. It is at this point that my boss taught me a life lesson. Rather than deal with the back and forth after asking 'What does everyone feel like eating?', simply tell your server to pick their favourites for you. Now this is assuming the server isn't useless. 

As I forget the sequence of arrival, here we go:

Green salad - helped with carb guilt
Calamari - perfectly cooked, well spiced
A-5 Kobe meatball with fresh whipped ricotta - What transpired in my mouth was a little intimate. Wow^2.
Rigatoni Melanzana - It had a generous dollop of buffalo mozzarella. Enough said.
Chilean Sea Bass - Delicate, butter ocean joy.
Bone-in Rib Eye with a side of garlic herb butter - Juicy, tofu-tender, carnivore heaven. I chewed the meat on the bone with pride.
Deep Fried Oreos - I thought my boss was joking ordering such a thing at this kind of place, but he insisted. Dipped in gelato, they were magical enough for me to lick my plate clean.

I shall return. Tongue out.
We were on a guest list so didn't have to queue... So I don't know if my review would be the same if I had to wait too long in line.
Anyway, good music, good service, nice place. I didn't have diner there.
Pros: No wait, no cover, and a free open bar.

Cons: Weird, old crowd. The music wasn't that great, and it was pretty crowded. The vibe was just kind of off, so we went to XS instead.

It's a nice club, just a little small and wasn't what we were looking for at the time. The open bar was very nice, and the bartenders were generous and served pretty strong drinks. The bouncers were a little pushy, in that they kept pushing through the crowd with these incredibly bright flashlights, which was inconvenient. Overall, a decent experience, but I don't think I'd come back. It's also kind of weird to go through a nice restaurant to reach the club on the top floor.
This review is for the Restaurant.

Good italian food, vast menu. I had heard from many people about their signature meatballs and they did not dissapoint, we did the giant meatball appetizer and it was more than enough to share amongst 4 people. Nice decor and atmoshere, only complaint is the dining room was very cold and never get cold so for me to say that it had to be chilly. Service was good, friendly staff. 

There are so many great Italian places in Vegas but I would repeat visit LAVO especially if I was staying at Venitian or Palazzo.
Was at a recent conference and we managed to make our way to this neat venue in the Palazzo.

Cool vibe here.  Did dinner here and it gets you into the nightclub as well.

We had an assortment of menu items and from all appearances and grins ... pretty happy.  Portions were HUGE, but I guess this is Vegas.

I had the salmon and I thought it was quite good.  Excellent prep and ideal seasoning.  Very good flavor and not overcooked.  Al dente!

Drinks a plenty and attention to service was quite good considering the mob on a Tuesday.  Did I mention the waitresses were hot!  Again though, I guess it's Vegas and so they have to flaunt their clientele.

The nightclub upstairs is a quaint affair, but it's intimate enough without being overcrowded.  Liked it a lot and this night DJ Helena was on the scene.  Good fun til the wee hours.  Excellent bartending as well.

Overall, I'd definitely recommend this one two combo of restaurant and nightclub.

P.S.  Did get picked up by a pro, but I guess this is Vegas...
Great spot!  Wish we'd had room for dessert.  

We had a 10 pm reservation for Lavo because we were going to a show first and didn't want to be rushed.  We actually arrived early and the staff was able to seat us a little before 10, we spent the time before that enjoying a drink in the bar.

The space is great - dark, with djs, good seating and a nice atmosphere.  The staff was very friendly and while the music in the bar was loud, as it should be, it was not too loud at the table.

I would probably have given Lavo a 4 which is, ya know, as good as it gets BUT our server, Rina, was amazing.  Besides the fact that she was simply adorable and had an awesome personality, she genuinely seemed to enjoy her job.  She made suggestions, asked lots of questions, and checked with the chef on a few things for the gluten-free friend in our group of five.  We also walked out with TWO restaurant recommendations from her for our next trip to Traverse City, MI where I go for work every May.

Three of us ordered off the menu and two got specials.  The red snapper got RAVE reviews and should probably be put on the menu based on what we heard not only from the person in our party but also Rina.  The lamb, while huge, was also amazing.  There was a great deal of tasting going on around our table :)  K and N both got the ravioli and loved it - the portion of this dish was probably the most perfect.  I went with the army surplus sized penne alla vodka with prosciuto and peas.  It was incredible (but HUGE) although I thought the peas were a little hard.  Not sure why that would be.  

The wine list is fantastic and the environment is fun.  We especially loved that even though the space is dark everything is lit from the bottom giving the fresco-ish tiles an ethereal glow.  Amazing, amazing, amazing - thank you, Rina!
Came here on a Saturday night with a group of 12 people.  We forgot to make reservations but they were able to accommodate us at such short notice.  

I ate here twice for dinner and  I can now say that I am not a fan of their food.  

The first time I came here I had raw oysters (which I enjoyed- then again I love raw oysters) and their rigatoni sausage pasta dish.  I felt that it was a pretty "heavy" choice of a meal since we were going out afterwards.  In Italian cuisine, the sauce is what makes the dish,  their tomato sauce lacked a lot of flavor.  This dish tasted like the pastas you can order at the Italian fast food joints located in shopping centers/malls.  The second time I came here, I had the roasted chillean sea bass and it was okay.  The portabello mushrooms were over powering the flavor of the dish..unless it were meant to be the "main" flavor.   

The pasta portions are pretty huge, so if you're going to get a pasta dish, you should probably split that with your friend/date.  Make sure you pay attention to your bill because they charge for garlic bread.  The waiter brings it out to your table, as if it were free, but it's not. 

The seating is pretty close to each other. I feel like I can sit and hear the conversation of everyone around me. Excellent wait staff and Pinot Grigio.
Such a beautiful venue with amazing food. The meatballs are so delicious I can't even handle it. Fried oreos are better than sex.
By far one of my favorite places to dine in Vegas!!!! The food and service are beyond amazing!! I have never been diappointed with the food or service. My favorite part is the garlic bread and marinara sauce that is served hot as soon as you sit!!!!! Can't wait to go again and again........
Ambience: Stunning
Service: Spot-on.
Food-terrible. 

I really expected to love this place after seeing the gorgeous pictures on the website, and it is a beautiful ambience. The music is sexy and relaxing and fun, the wait staff is cheerful and efficient. The food unfortunately, was a disaster. I started with the King Crab salad with citrus vinaigrette, which admittedly may not be the best choice for an Italian restaurant in Vegas. But I love King Crab and it seemed like a classy spot so I went for it-huge mistake. I dug into my first bite expecting buttery melt-in-your-mouth crab and came up feeling like I had just consumed a bite of sponge soaked in pledge.  I was willing to chalk that one up to orderer's error, so I played it safe on my entree: the four cheese ravioli. How could you screw up cheese ravioli, right? Well, they managed. The ravioli themselves were just so small, flat, and unappetizing; they made Safeway ravioli look downright decadent. They were not generous and pillowy with ample filling; rather they were small flat with tiny amount of strange sour cheese filling. All in all, beautiful place, beautiful staff, but the food left a bad taste in my mouth, literally and figuratively. i would definitely recommend coming here for just drinks or even happy hour, but do not eat dinner here or you will be disappointed.
This review is for the restaurant and nightclub.  The food was good atmoshphere was nice, a little pricey but cool.  The nightclub was small but chill for tuesday night. My only issue was this douchebag that decided to splash water in my boyfriends face walking by him as we left the club. If you want to act 10 don't go to a club go to a playground.  overall it was ok.
I haven't eaten here, but I've definitely partied here.

LAVO has got to be the best place to be on Sunday nights- VICE Sundays. DJ Vice is the sh*t. Before heading out, my buddy asked me what his DJ style is like, and the best way I can describe it is high energy the whole time, except this last time when he rounded off the night with Drake/The Weeknd's "Crew Love."

If you can get on a guestlist, you won't have to wait in line and can probably get in free, and girls can get free drinks until midnight.

Whatever your plans are for Sunday nights in Vegas, cancel them and go to LAVO.
These jerks spam people.  I received an uninvited email from them advertising the restaurant and I willNEVER dine there thanks to that breach of manners and lack of integrity.  Really, why would anyone choose them over another?
We waited 45 mins for our table, even with our reservation. The restaurant was highly recommended, so we were disappointed with the wait. The hostess did offer us a free round of drinks to compensate. We had the pomegranate limonata, which was made well. The restaurant does have a nice ambience upon entering, but looks much bigger than it really is. They had a DJ playing good music in the lounge area. Once we were finally seated, the restaurant manager came over to apologize for the wait. Luckily, the food was very good. We ordered tuna tartare, beef carpaccio, meatballs with ricotta, creamed spinach & a 12 oz steak, which was more than enough to split among three people. Service was great & attentive. Bathrooms were clean, but a little dark inside. We were able to access the nightclub after eating.

As for the nightclub, the music was horrible! It was rap all night. Not r&b that you could dance to, but rap that you couldn't understand the words with disgusting lyrics. The DJ did not know how to transition from one song to another. There was an older crowd there, so with it comes creeps. The comped drinks we had were not good on anything except beer and champagne. Not what I pictured the party scene to be after eating at such a trendy restaurant.
Had never heard of this place until I was in Vegas just a few weeks ago.   My friends promoter friend asked us to join her for a Ladies Night comped dinner.  We got to the restaurant and were seated promptly.  The restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous.  Our server brought all of us a shot and then we all ordered a cocktail.  The drinks were delicious.  Then they brought out a variety of different food options: Chicken Parmesan, Margherita Pizza, two different kinds of pasta (one gluten free pasta), among others.  The amount of each dish was quite large, but I expected that since it is an Italian place.  Overall, the food was amazing we enjoyed all of it.

After dinner, we went back outside to wait for the nightclub to open.  One of the promoters outside combined our group of 7 ladies with another group of 5 ladies and gave comped us a table with free bottle service.  The service was great and even though it was a Sunday night the atmosphere was still fun.  Unfortunately, some of the ladies we were with and some of the guys at the table next to us started smoking.  Something my sister and I were not a fan of so we took off.  

I would consider going again.
came here because a promoter got all 14 of us girls in for free open bar - score!! but you know there's always a catch - open bar only went on for a couple of hours and we had to wait for really long periods of time before we could place our drink order (the bar tenders of course favored those who were actually paying for their drinks). the dance floor was slightly on the small side but the music was good and the dancing lovelies threw out flashing glow sticks to the crowd - overall a pretty fun night at a decent club
Really enjoyed our visit to Lavo. The service was out of this world and the food delicious. We enjoyed the Filet and the Salmon Orgeanato. Thought the al a care sides were a bit over-priced compared to the prices of the main dishes, but it's Vegas :) 
One thing I appreciated was that since we ate dinner there, we could get into the night club that night for free (we were too tired, so we didn't go). 
The atmosphere is amazing - gorgeous decor. The only thing I didn't like about this place are the close proximity of tables to one another. I could almost touch my neighbors on both sides of me which made it difficult to have a nice private meal with my hubby. Otherwise - I loved this place!
Night Club review:

Very nice decor; bath (Lavo) themed.

Bar area is in weird shape. Bartenders were not very nice at all.

Dance area is small. Overall club is small.

More of a lounge type than club.

Too many bottle service areas. This place needs more dance areas.

Place needs better ventilation & shouldn't allow smoking went it's so stuffy inside.

They play house & trance here. 

Open bar for ladies from 11 pm-midnight.

If you know a promoter, they can usually get you in free & ladies free drinks & table.   

Doors open at 10:30 p.m. 
Fridays and Saturdays and 11 p.m. Sundays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. 

Cover is $20, and locals are admitted free Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursday
I visited on a Wednesday evening with one guest at 9:30pm. Here for Restaurant Week.

Verdict: Come here if you want a great Italian meal before you bring your expensive entourage of fine ladies to your table at Marquee. Don't come here if you want to bring kids or to escape the common heathen scene: It's too loud and people look like they're heading to a club.

Ambiance: 4/5
Yes, it is nice: Dark interiors with Mediterranean accents set the stage, with each choice lighting proving a visual delight. The house music pumping through the air reminds you that this is also a nightclub. The CONS: Can be too loud/raunchy to be considered intimate, dark enough to make your eyes strain, and tables are too close together. My guest's seat got run into by a rushing waiter.

Service: 4/5
Reservations process was smooth? Check. Greeted and seated with a smile? Check. Genuine and sincere service, even though things were busy? Check. Table checks throughout the dinner? Check. What they missed: In between our table checks our glasses were empty. We were 3/4ths of a way through our entrees, which proved to be heavy-handed on the salt so we needed water to continue. Our waiter was either on break or dealing with someone else, but no busser was available. Finally got filled 5min. later. Not end of the world, but not 5 stars. 

Food: 4/5
Kobe carpaccio is all sorts of buttery and yummy: Full-bodied yet not salty. The Kobe rice balls, while balanced, is reminiscent of risotto. Our bread that came at the same time have herbs and butter baked on, with marinara for dipping. My penne alla vodka was perfectly al dente. Strong bacon flavor. However, salt levels became intolerable. A pity, because it is a well flavored dish but someone was heavy-handed with the salt. Dessert: Might be an Italian thing, but they were quite heavy. Tiramisu was too creamy for my preferences, and did not pair with either entree. The cheesecake was large, light, and sweet. Kinda like how I like that one guy out of Shaolin Soccer. BTW, Food was timely. 

Value: 4/5
Portion sizes are filling. Not Mcmullan's-ginormous-Irish-nachos, but we brought back dessert. Plus, you definitely taste the quality of the ingredients. Now, I am comparing this place to Panevino, Trattoria Nakamura-ya (yes, I know traditional Italian does not have uni, but this is my review and uni pasta is my postmodern Italian), Cuigino's, and Olive Garden (lol, I had to): This ranks #3, with Trattoria easily leading and this following Panevino quite closely. No, Olive Garden did not rank. Thank you for participating in Restaurant Week! 

Mood: I'm full. It's been a while since I party-rocked. Where's the water and the party?

Total rating: 3.5/5 base rating, +0.5 for good mood, 4/5
The meatball really is to die for and I loved that it came out really hot. The only drawbacks were that the garlic bread they give to each table is really sub standard...like the kind you buy frozen at the grocery store and that the rigatoni in my rigatoni with sausage was undercooked. I don't mind al dente, but crunchy pasta may be pushing it! I'd got back for the wine, the meatball and the atmosphere....maybe next time the Sexy Siren show that you can see across from the patio won't be cancelled!
At the convenience of being at our hotel, we decided to check out this place, hek free drinks... why NOT! The place turned out to be very fun and one of the bartender was pretty HOT!

The night ended with the girls and I capitalizing the lounging area and doing our thing. Fun times!
So when they say they have the best meatballs, they're not kidding.  Not only was the meatballs with ricotta delicious (and the size of a grapefruit), it was great to share.  We split a number of dishes, beet salad, minestrone soup, kobe beef meatballs with spaghetti and chicken parmigana.  Minestrone soup was the only thing that was mediocre.  The rest was delicious.  Waiter pushed us to order Oreo Beignets, tasted like an Oreo funnel cake.  The sinks are really awesome.  Night club was cool, but nothing insane
Seems to have a tough time with parties, service wise. The flatbread pizza is excellent!! Didn't have anything else, but would like to go back and try.
This is my 6th time here and came with my family and fiance on our Vegas trip to celebrate my father's 60th birthday. Called a few weeks in advance to book a table, they ask you for a credit card to secure your reservation so be aware of that. Requested a table outside and mentioned it was my daddy's 60th birthday.
We waited about 30 mins for the table (totally normal at this restaurant) for a table for 6 outside. They said they could seat us immediately inside but it was such a  gorgeous night we waited. We grabbed some drinks at the bar and yummy long bread sticks and stood outside and waited. Once our buzzer rang we were seated at a great table with a view of the pirate show at TI. We ate late, around 11pm so we saw the last show of the night. Quite loud so be prepared. The restaurant is one of the loudest restaurants (inside) in Vegas - super fun. The food here is AMAZING! SO TASTY! To start we ordered:
Sun Ripened Tomato Bufala Mozzarella $19
2 orders of the Eggplant Parmigiano (the server even warned us that they are huge but I told him we usually order 1 for my fiance and me when we come, they are THAT good!) YOU MUST ORDER THIS $17
Crispy Fried Calamari $17
Meatball with fresh whipped ricotta $21
The men had beers and the ladies split this AMAZING white pinot grigio, I can't rem the name but it was so tasty and the price was really good!
For the mains we ordered:
Organic Mixed Green Salad $16 
Mixed Wild Mushrooms $11
Chicken Parmigiano $29 (comes with a large side of pasta)
Four Cheese Ravioli $24
Chicken & Mushroom Ravioli $27
Spinach & Artichoke Brick Oven Pizza $21

Everything was amazing. The only reason I am removing 1 star is because I reminded both the hostess and the server that it was my father's 60th birthday and NOTHING was done. Not even a little candle. They must have forgotten, but I was quite disappointed with that part.

Will return for the tasty food and environment.
Definitely ask to sit on the patio.  Service was good, food as expected with large portions.  A bit pricey but it's the strip.  Overall just fine and worth the visit.
Nice restaurant. It gets pretty packed and loud. A group of us went for dinner on a Friday night. The only small complaint was we had to wait for a table even with a reservation. Isn't that the point of a reservation? So you Won't have to wait?? .smh. Anyway., the night was great, the food was good and we got to see Chris Rock and David Spade. We were maybe 3 tables away from their table. And there's a club upstairs., that we didn't check out since our night was booked. Maybe next time :)
I got swindled into going here for dinner because I saw the Lobster Pizza on a travel channel show. The lobster pizza was way overpriced for what you got ($28) they put a few tiny pieces of Lobster on the pizza. We also had the Rice balls App - overpriced at ($18) and not good at all...The only thing that was good was the free garlic bread and sauce. Extremely disappointed with Lavo. Will not return.
There really is no complaints about this place because every time I come I do not have to wait in line and I always receive complimentary drinks. For those who do have to wait in line, it's not that long during the week.

The ambiance is very classy/upscale type ish. It's not too big, almost the size of a trendy lounge. 

Open bar is usually from 11-12 at this place! I usually get the vodka and red bull (sugar-free)

The genre of music they play is hip hop and the dance floor usually gets packed!

It's better to have table service here because there is no area where you can sit down and I think smoking cigarettes is allowed here because I saw a few people smoking some and they weren't told anything. 

Shoutout to Jordan Spitz(Senior VIP host) who always takes care of us when we are out there!
A big group of friends went recently because this was her favorite restaurant of all time.

The food was good but it wasn't anything to write home about. The pasta was really al dente which I liked but I wasn't blown away by the sauce or the meatball. Again, it was all pretty good but it wasn't really worth the high price.

The oreo dessert we got at the end was probably my favorite of all the items we got.

3.5 stars overall but decided to go with a 3 because of the unwarranted high price.
The first time I came here, the spaghetti carbonara was too salty to eat (and I love salt), but I remember their meatballs being ridiculously good and that's why I decided to return. The meatballs are still godly, and this would have been a good meal had the waitress not pissed me off. 

She greeted our table and asked us if we would like sparkling or still water. But not like "Would you care for some sparkling or still water?"- you know- like it's optional. It was more like "Would you like sparkling or still water?"- like you have two choices...what kind would you like...the fancy kind, or the regular kind? I said "Uhh...I guess  I'll have the still water. " She brought over a bottle of water with the restaurant logo on it, which is common for complimentary water served at upscale restaurants, and poured us a couple glasses. I didn't think anything of it until a busboy came around a little later with a normal aluminum pitcher and asked us if we wanted refills on water. The waitress ran over and said "Noooooooo!!!! They wanted still water!!!" I then interjected and said, "Wait a minute...did I just pay for  water? I'm sorry...I didn't realize I was being charged for "still" water. Jesus Christ, just give me the free water. Tap water. Whatever the fuck you call it."

So that pitcher of "still" water ended up costing $8.00 and the waitress didn't seem very remorseful about it. Look...I'm in Vegas. I obviously am prepared to pay ridiculous prices for drinks. But I'm not cool with paying for tap...oh sorry... "still" water. I'm not fooled by the fancy bottle with the Lavo logo on it. Come on. It's the same shit. Admit it. So I didn't like the deceptive upsell tactics. If you were more up front with me, Slim Shady, I would have left more than a 15% tip.

I probably won't come here again.
This is very hard for me to say but... Lavo Day party might be my most favorite thing to do in Vegas.  I have done ALL the pool parties, night clubs, ect.  Everything is great but Lavo day party is amazing.  Table service here is great and they are very attentive.  Starts off as a brunch and the food is pretty good.  The prices are all VERY reasonable for Vegas standards and bottle prices are the best in Vegas.  Beautiful crowd here and the party gets pretty wild after an hour or so.  When they drop the curtains you know its about to go down!  Music here is great and the atmosphere is one of my favorites in Vegas. Def a MUST go and good luck getting in!!!
Just close your eyes and pick anything.  The one pound meatball is awesome and the garlic bread is as good as it gets. I recently had a special they were serving, two sole medallions in a brown butter sauce. Before I knew it, it was gone. Best Italian restaurant you can go to.
Terrible business, will not return! Requested a patio seat, wherein the receptionist was busy answering phones and doing other tasks, even at one point after telling her our request, took a phone call and then asked us again our preference. We then waited our 30 minutes, and they tried to seat is at a table behind the bar! When we said this is not what we had requested, the manager told us they did not have any seats outside and we would have to wait again!! We said no thanks, and left the hotel to which there were SEVERAL open tables outside! Unacceptable, and the manager did not help or assist us in any way! Don't waste your time...
Meatballs are excellent. Love the atmosphere too. Make sure to sit inside, way better than outside trust me.
4 stars for the nightclub.

In March 2013, I traveled to Vegas with my sister and one of her friends for a girls weekend in Vegas. They had never done table service at a nightclub before, so I decided to be generous and spring for a table on the Saturday night we would be there. I decided on LAVO because the host, Matthew Goodman, was incredibly responsive. Literally within 10 minutes of sending my inquiry email, I had texts from Matt to help set up my reservation (this was opposed to some other clubs that either never responded or took days to respond). He also offered to get us into the brunch, but we decided against it as we wanted to do other things during the day. 

The entrance to the nightclub is on the side and not a far walk from the door that the taxis drop you off at. There was no wait to check in (we arrived around 11 pm) and Matt walked us to our table. Throughout the night he checked on us a few times which I thought was great customer service. Our cocktail server at the table was totally on point, and we were never without drinks. I managed to get us a free bottle of champagne which we had first before moving on to the Ketel One vodka bottle I bought.

The negative about table service at LAVO is that while we had a table right off the dance floor (I cannot complain about the location) is that we were squished in between two other tables with groups. When you get a table, you are expecting to get space to spread out and relax. We were kind of on top of each other which is the reason I give the nightclub 4 stars. But if you want a table, I highly recommend getting ahold of Matt. He is the best host I have worked with in Vegas.
We kicked off girls weekend here with some family style food and pitchers of cocktails.  The food was excellent, specifically the Kobe meatball (which was huge), polenta fries, and fried zucchini.  We shared a huge pitcher of the cocktail 'Sicilian sun' which felt bottomless.  The pitchers of cocktails is the way to go if 3 or more of you are going to drink. Our waitress was awesome and we had a great time.  All in all a 5 star experience.
Great Food and can't beat the free admission to the Night Club
The meal I had here was excellent.  Honestly my hopes were not that high but I was pleasantly surprised.  Our waitress was sweet and attentive.  The atmopshere is gorgeous.  Me and my pals split several dishes which were all amazing and very flavorful.  I will definitely be back on my next Vegas trip.
This was really a pleasant surprise. Food was more than just decent. Granted, the price can be a bit much, but definitely worth it.
Three Words - BEST. STEAK. EVER!!!!

The plan was to splurge on our final night dinner in Las Vegas...and well, $110 per person was just that.  We narrowed down dinner to Carnevino or Lavo ...on the walk down to Carnevino, we stopped to check out the menu at Lavo and we figured we'd consider it based on Carnevino's menu.  Their menu was a bit above what we were looking and thought we'd get a bigger bang for our buck here and yep...we did!!!

Our service was GREAT!!!

So our water cost $16, I said still water as I thought we'd get charged for sparkling but we still got charged but I'm not going to complain...moving on...we ordered a large ricotta stuffed meat ball for an appetizer.  I got the 8oz filet and polenta fries for a meal, and the oreo pizzole for dessert.  NO COMPLAINTS.  Seriously...this was probably the BEST Filet I've ever had...kicked the butt of Gibson's here in Chicago.  Everything was just to die for...

Looking for some fabulous eats in Vegas...GO HERE!!!!
Let me start by saying that i have consistently had great experiences at LAVO! The food and service is truly wonderful here! I usually order the kobe meatball for an appetizer and the lasagna for my main entree. This week i switched it up and after looking at how good the pictures of the veal parmigiana was i had to see if was as good as it looked.. INDEED it was worth every penny. This actually was my first time even eating Veal and i think i've found my new favorite dish here at LAVO! My friend i was with ordered the traditional spaghetti & meatballs. HUGE portions which is always a plus, very tasty! For dessert the Tiramisu was yet another home run!! 5-stars guys!
This review is for the nightclub only.  

Came here on a Saturday night during a girls weekend to little 'ol Las Vegas.  We arrived around 11ish or so, and there was virtually no line.  We were on a guest list.  It may not have mattered except we paid no cover, and our wristband granted us free drinks for an hour. Just make sure to tip the bartenders!

We crawled up a TON of stairs...we overlooked the restaurant at one point.  WHY does Vegas insist in putting in a f*ckton of stairs that girls in 7" heels have to climb up, and then stumble/fall down later?! This makes no sense to me.

Annnnyways...the club upstairs was smallish, compared to some of the mega clubs in LV.  They were playing great music though, the bartenders were friendly and attentive, and the ladies bathroom attendant was a blast!

I def had a good time here.  Not super packed like some of the new clubs, which can be a plus or negative, depending on what kind of night you are looking for,  I wouldn't NOT come back if someone insisted, but it would not be my top go-to club either.  The restaurant scene looked nice and trendy with lots of youngish people (as young as can afford a nice dinner) and I could see a lovely night with dinner and clubbing all in one location here.

Bonus: free drinks for an hr. (but that was specific to my guest list)
Bogus: so many freaking stairs in heels!!
A group of friends from out of town made reservations so we joined.  It wasn't our first choice or our last.   Our group walks up for our reservations after getting around the line it was not problem.  We walk in to dine we are seated at a nice table and can enjoy the view of the room.  I did no eat much because we did munch earlier so I really cannot review on the food. My friends seamed happy the setting in nice that time of the night if felt like more of a lounge then a restaurant but we were fine with that.

We moved upstairs to the nightclub after.  Tons of stairs kinda reminded me of what I would think it would be like to walk through the inside of an pyramid!  Maybe it was the little person with a large fan fanning the scantily clad woman we passed in one of the halls?!  Lavo" means "to bathe so the theme here is usually gogo dancers and lingerie clad beautiful women dancing or lounging in tubs.

The club itself is small the VIP and bottle service tables are nice.  Tip: If you come to Vegas and do a night club the only way to sit in any of the clubs in doing bottle service.  The price was comparable to other places, the table service/waitress was beautiful and took care of us all night.

All in all nice place but I left unimpressed just kind of ehh so 3 stars.  Good but not great.
Don't eat here.  I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.  They seated our party in a semi-circular booth, with me sitting in a chair at the edge of the table.  People were running in to me the whole 2 hours we were there, and we were there for 2 hrs because it took over an hour and a half from when our order was placed until our food was brought out.  When they finally did bring out the food, they had dropped my meal so I had to wait another 15 minutes before I could eat.  They didn't even offer to take anything off my bill for the inconvenience.  All of this would have been at least tolerable if the food had at least been good, but it wasn't.  I ordered veal parmigiana, and the meat was so thin and the cheese piled on so thickly that you couldn't even taste the veal.  This was definitely the worst dining experience of my life.  Next time I'm in Vegas with people wanting to go to Lavo, I'm skipping out on it and going to In-n-Out Burger.
I went to Lavo on my second night of clubbing in Vegas and I was not impressed. Even though we had a promoter, we still waited outside of the club for a good hour before we could get in. I dont know what the holdup was but it was very annoying and frustrating. Also, the crowd was not very poppin because I think there was an event going on and everyone happened to be in their 40s or 50s. Talk about bad timing. The music here is slightly less EDM than other Vegas clubs which I appreciated but I was definitely not feeling the crowd. 

The only silver lining to going here was that my friends and I were dancing near someones table and they were super drunk and/or having a good time so they just started to make it rain with dolla billss. I think in total my group made $40-$50 from just going to the club haha. These experiences wont happen again so I will not be heading back to Lavo.

**TIPS**
1) From my one time going there, the crowd tends to be a lot older than XS or Marquee.
2) Enjoy!
Went to this place for a Rock and Roll wine event and I was blown away by Lavo! This place was super cool from the awesome outside patio to the cool upstairs area to the chic downstairs dining room. 

I will come back here and see if the food is as good as the place looks!
If you die before eating the kobe beef meatball here you will go straight to hell, because this meatball is absolute heaven! All of the food is spectacular here, And the place is simply cool. What not to eat... everything is terrific!
Four of us went for dinner on a Wednesday night. This brief review is for the restaurant only.

The service was excellent. The wait staff was attentive, polished, knowledgeable, and importantly, flexible when we had to order off-menu a bit.

The food was enjoyed by everybody.  The chicken parm was a generous, tasty portion. The four cheese ravioli was hand made and big and delicious. The noodles in the pasta were fresh.

The only negative was the hostess was overwhelmed and young, but I kept on top of her and got our table within a few minutes of our 7:45pm reservation.

The check totalled about $120 for four.
LAVO is actually a lot smaller than I thought.  The interior decor is pretty neat.... with the fountains and running water everywhere.
We were looking for somewhere to club on Sunday night and usually Vanity at the Hard Rock was the happening spot but for some reason it was closed that weekend. I think Vanity has closed to special events only since the re-opening of Body English. Anyway, I heard Lavo was cool on Sunday nights, and my cousin didn't want to go because she had been there before and didn't have the greatest experience. But it was our only hope so we went. We waited in line for a few minutes and locals were free. I'm not sure why they call this a nightclub because it literally consists of a bar and a dancefloor and that's it lol. The DJ was good and the crowd was decent. Ice T and Coco happened to be there. I've seen them a few times out and about so it was nothing really special for me but it's always fun to see celebs hanging out. Overall I would come back but only on a night that I know would be worth my time or for a drink special.
Our reservation was for 9pm and we were not seated until 10pm. This seems to be standard operating procedure for them. We first waited for 10 mins to check in with the hostess. She then adds you to a list and gives you a pager - like other restaurants do when  you don't have a reservation. 

Sure, they brought out complimentary calamari for an appetizer after we were seated, but that wasn't enough. They didn't seem to really care or apologize about the wait. At one point a manager stopped by for a quick check as we were eating dinner and we did complain about the wait. He said he would send over a round of complimentary drinks/shots,but that never happened. 

The food was good, but nothing special. I do have high standards for restaurants as I live in Chicago and am spoiled by the food scene here.

Potentially all Vegas restaurants don't care about service because they have a captive audience - I don't know - but this one certainly doesn't.

The ambiance was fun - great decor, music. However, it was freeeezing with the AC. We were dressed to go out to a club after - no sweaters or shawls, but if you can, bring one. We were literally shaking throughout dinner but they said they couldn't change the temperature.
This review is for the restaurant only. We had reservations to dine here on a Friday night. We showed up a few minutes prior and seating promptly at our reservation time. We had a large party of 8. The service was excellent. Food was delicious. I had the filet mignon and the asparagus.  I also tried a meatball which was good too. I tried a bite of the deep fried Oreos which were to die for and others raved about the strawberry shortcake. We really enjoyed our meal here and would absolutely recommend it for fine dining on the Strip.
DJ spinning top 40's, mainstream house, and some latin music

Clientele were mid 30's to mid 40's.  i even saw 15+ people whith gray/white hair.  lots of receding hairlines and party foulers.  props to the older people who are still going hard.  i like to see people having fun.

this would all be ok except our group is in the early 20's, and i felt very uncomfortable dancing around people who are my parent's age.  

this place was packed and had drinks and glasses all over the ground.  we were in and out within 20 minutes.

unless you are of the age demographic, i would not recommend coming here. and in the event you do, please wear closed toed shoes.  

i am certainly not coming back here for like 10 years, in the meantime, i'll go to XS, Tao, or Hakkasan
My favorite restaurant to eat at when In Las Vegas! Not only is the food amazing, but I love sitting on the terrace getting to enjoy the weather and watching the show going on at Treasure Island across the way.10 stars, will go back every time I'm in Vegas!
Came here last weekend for dinner. Great ambiance, delicious food, and yummy drinks (greyhound with freshly squeezed grapefruit). The meatball was amazing! Of course the rest of the meal was excellent too.  A bit overpriced though, but it's Vegas for ya!
Service was great, food was amazing and ambiance was fun!  The deep-friend oreos are to die for!  Mmmm....
Note: This is for the nightclub only! 

1. LAVO needs a separate restaurant and nightclub business page
2. Apparently, Sunday is a "neon theme." This nightclub gave me deja vu  of my 8th grade promotion dance. That might sound harsh but the music was horrible rap that personally, gave me a headache. 
3. The bartender that was making our drinks was rude.
4. This place is TINY and not well built in my opinion. I get that its a nightclub so you are supposed to feel like you are in a tight, enclosed space but that doesn't mean the venue is actually supposed to be the size of a bedroom in NYC. I wasn't there for that long cause I couldn't take the music but I only saw one bar which was extremely crowded. Around the bar were "tables" which was really just a booth style seating with no privacy because thats the only pathway to get around the bar. 

Additionally, if I were dining in the restaurant I really wouldn't want people leaving and entering the nightclub to be walking above me with the chance of someone who had one too many sips of alcohol to hurl over the balcony when walking in or out of the club.
This review is for the food only.

Service was friendly, knowledgeable and fun. I had the server choose my entree (between the carbonara and cavatelli). She chose the cavatelli and I was not disappointed. It had a rich, meaty bolognese sauce that was amazing. The ricotta placed on top was the perfect compliment. I could eat this again anytime.

The chicken parmesan that my friends had was a huge portion. Although I didn't sample it, they said it was fabulous.

For dessert we all split their 20 layer chocolate peanut butter cake and the chocolate glazed rolled cake. Both were amazing. A decadent treat.

The music being played during dinner was a great mix. It was 80s new wave for the first half, then a DJ came and began playing some of my favorite EDM.

Great vibe for a restaurant and I will definitely return.
I went to Lavo while in Vegas celebrating a Bachelorette. I made reservations for 8:30pm through open table. When we walked up to the restaurant there was a line to check in with the host! After waiting for 15 mins, even though we had a reservation, we were given a pager and told we had to wait for our table. The host was rude and clearly stressed. We waited over 30 mins and had to rush through dinner. Not cool. They obviously over booked and didn't care to apologize.
Ok good
Nothing special
Very loud. Music is not conducive to having since, quiet meal
I actually like this place plus it was just $10 with a VIP card that the promoter was passing outside since we could not get into TAO.

It's small but the when you think about it, the dance floor is about the same size as all the mega clubs in Vegas it just less going up the stair, roof, and etc....

Just one dance floor with Top 40's music from Hip Hop, Pop, and EDM (Good music if you ask me)

Not crowded which is a plus because you can actually dance without bumping into someone.

Plus drinks were cheaper like $12-$15 dollars compared to other that charge $20

Come here if you want to have fun and avoid the crowds!
LAVO should be known for their meatballs AND Panna Cotta Cheesecake!!

*This review is for the restaurant only*

After hearing that LAVO had the best meatballs in town and good food overall, I just had to go and try it for myself. We came here with my good friends from Hawaii. I made reservations on a week night when there was no special event going on at the nightclub, hoping it would be less crowded.

At first, service was good. We had 3 different servers who said that they would all be helping us. However, after our drinks were delivered, we got stuck with one server, who was kind of an airhead. I'll be nice and not mention her name, but this is how it went down. We were all obviously ready to order because our menus were closed and stacked nicely on one corner of the table.
Server: "Are you all ready to order, or do we need a few more minutes?"
Us: "We're ready."
Server: "I'll give you a few more minutes."
Us: "Umm, we just said we were ready."
Server: "Oh ok, go ahead."
Then later that night....
Server: "Are you still working on this or do you want me to take the plate out of your way?"
My friend: "Still working on it."
Server: *reaches out to grab the plate*
My Friend:" No, I am STILL working on it!"
Server: "Oh, ok."
Geeez, she had serious issues! Also note that we ate here right after they opened, so the place wasn't crazy loud at the time. If she's deaf, she shouldn't be a server. She really needs to get her act together! Horrible!

Anyway, the food was awesome and we all enjoyed our dinner. We ordered the Meatball with whipped fresh Ricotta. Good thing we split it between the 4 of us because it was huge! Very flavorful and melted in my mouth! I wanted more, so I ordered the Spaghetti with Kobe Meatballs. My husband ordered the New York Strip Steak and said it was one of the best steaks he ever had. Now I know what to order next time! Our friends ordered the Chicken Parmigiano (also huge) and some other pasta dish. And now for the best part, Dessert!! Thanks to my friends, I am now addicted to the Panna Cotta Cheesecake! I don't know how to explain it, except to say that is was a big delicious slice of heavenly, creamy berry goodness! Sometimes Cheesecakes can be too rich, but this one was light and not overly sweet. Slices are big enough for 2 people to share, but I honestly think I could eat the entire thing on my own. I would seriously do a take out order, just for the cheesecake!

Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu. Hopefully, service will be better next time!
Sat/8 Jun my 2 friends and I came here initially:
- Club passes for "complimentary admission for 2 ladies, reduced admission for 2 gentlemen" for Tao Club, Lavo Club or Tao Beach Club are available for free from the front desk/concierge at Venetian/Palazzo or the Tao desk in between those 2 hotels.  Just ask nicely.
- We arrived about 12:30 am and since there was no line we went straight in.
$20/man, or $10/man with the club pass.  
- Lavo club had a typical ratio, I'd say about 60% guys, 40% gals, and average age of 30 or so (whereas Tao crowd skews younger, average of age 25 or so).  
- Bouncers and bartender were all cool.  Cocktails are $13/ea.
- Compared to the megaclub Tao, it was easier to dance in Lavo since it wasn't crowded, it was easy to find seats in the bar area (no bottle service required) and a more mature crowd.  I would have liked to stay at Lavo but my friends wanted to go to Tao so we moved on.
*Nightclub Review*

I used to be a regular here in my early months after turning 21. Yeah, it came to the point where I got stopped getting ID'd. Haha.

Got to the club around 1:30 a.m. You think that's late? I don't think so. There were no lines nor promoters harrassing people. It was empty on a Saturday night.

I was with 3 other women who were rockin' hot that night. Or at least they thought so. Haha. JK, they were nightclub appropriate. Stood in line for a good 5 seconds, got ID'd and the bounce dude told us that it would be free for the ladies and $20 for me. I didn't mind paying. Got to the cashier, one cashier said that one girl was free because she was local, the other two were not and I wasn't free. Had a small argument but they just let us in all for free.

Went inside, bar was empty of people and the bartenders were just hanging around. Dance floor was NOT full at all! Again, this was a Saturday night. There was actual elbow room in the dance floor and you can actually dance!!! They played old school music from the 90s and went back and forth with today's music, they even threw in some random house music in there.

Yes, it was fun but it has changed from 2009. It's probably because all these other new nightclubs have popped up and LAVO needs to up their game. Oh well.
We did not go to the night club just dinner.  They started us off with free garlic bread that was very good, then me and my friend split a 1lb Kobe beef meatball that if not shared could be a meal in itself.  I had veal parm that was gigantic and very tasty.  However the dessert might have been the best I ever had, it was deep fried Oreo's that the dough was perfect and a little milkshake to dip them in.  If in Vegas and you want an incredible meal go to Lavo in the Pallazzo hotel.
Really good food and service!

(This review is for the restaurant only.)

We rarely venture out of the Cosmo or Encore for food when in Vegas, but we had some friends staying at the Palazzo this go around so we decided to give a new restaurant a try.  We decided on LAVO due to its location and becuase it seemed to have a cool vibe.

Half of our party arrived fairly late, but the restaurant was very polite about it.  We hung out at the bar and watched the Hawks lose to the Bruins.  The bartender was nice and friendly as were the other patrons at the bar.  I didn't check out the bar too much as I was too caught up in the game so can't really comment on that portion of my visit.

The remainder of our party finally arrived and we were seated at a nice round table in the middle of the restaurant.  We had awesome views of the entire place...including the upstairs area which I assume is used for the nightclub (???).  Our waiter, Scott R., was super nice and funny...cracking jokes with us the whole night.

Our table ordered the meatball ricotta, calamari, mixed salad, carbonara, 8oz filet, 3 peas risotto, spaghetti with meatballs, wild mushrooms, and the 20 layer cake.  Everything was delicious!  The portions were huge so everyone kind of just shared everything.  

We got the check and I and my husBAND decided to pick the bill up for the table to say thanks to our friends.  I am in charge of payments and tips in our house so when I looked at the bill and saw $354.20 for 6 people I was thinking we had gotten off cheap (that's like $59.00 per person WITH drinks and coffees, espressos, etc.).  We had a great time and thought Scott R. was awesome...so we left him an appropriate tip.  As we were leaving, Scott R.  came over and stopped my husBAND and told him that a 20% gratuity was included in the $354.20 total and that he did not have to leave an additional tip (I apparently missed that on the check...DOH!).  My husBAND was blown away by his honesty and decided to leave him a small portion of the additional tip we had intended on giving.  So...that means our check was even less that I had thought...great food at a decent price...in Vegas...what???

So, in summary...the food is good, service is amazing, servers are HONEST, and the food is decently priced.  We will definitely be returning to LAVO...perhaps to even check out the nightclub.
Yes!!! I love LAVO nightclub Las Vegas!!!! The time I came here was when I was staying at The Palazzo and it is located just inside the hotel / casino... which made coming here a no brainer. Although this is a somewhat smaller club, I love the bouncers and promoters here. They are friendly and handle the crowds well. 

My first time coming to Lavo was a great experience. As we walked in, you are greeted by the hosts and also an interesting stairway where you can see up over the crowd. The club is just super sexy and has a very young vibe. There is a dress code, there are hot club dancers, and I think we also saw Lil Jon?! 

There are few bars to get drinks at, there are plenty of areas to dance and there are two bathrooms where you can do your business. I also like that there is a balcony that you can go outside to get a breather, escape creeps, or grab a smoke if needed. Overall, the music is fun, people are up and dancing, and the staff here is respectful and helpful. The place is beautifully decorated, and just screams Vegas. Although it is a smaller club, it is still a really good time here. My friend and I had such a great time here, we came back twice in one week. Lavo is awesome!
**Review for the ultra lounge**

Waited patiently in line with my boyfriend before a promoter approached us asking us if we were on the guest list. We told him that we--unfortunately-- were not. He asked us if we were guests of the hotel-- once again, we were not :( He asked us if we were staying on the strip... And you guessed it-- we were not. 

After we were sure he was going to move on to the party behind us, he quickly reassured us, "Don't worry about it, I'll take care of it." Next thing we knew, we were in for FREE! Thanks, Promoter Guy! 

Like many others have said, this lounge has a very dark and sexy vibe to it. Others have complained about the minimal dance space and the smallness of the place itself. However, I feel it's very intimate and romantic. If you don't feel like getting trampled or pinned up against sweaty strangers all night, I'd say ultra lounges are the way to go! 

This place was pretty amazing. Getting in for free-- without guest list reservations or hassle, attentive bartenders, pretty decent music (a lot of the songs were hit or miss, but I think that's relatively subjective depending on the DJ for the night), no chaos of a typical club. This place gets a thumbs up in my book! My boyfriend and I had a blast! will definitely be back.
Unfortunately, I had a pretty poor experience at LAVO despite of the great interior design, funny bathrooms, good music, and above-average desserts. I think the problem with this place is the price/performance ratio. The complimentary garlic bread was decent. We ordered 2 appetizers: calamari and eggplant parmegiano. Calamari was barely OK but eggplant was good. The main platter that I had was seafood pasta for $38 and the dish was super salty and acidic due to overuse of tomatoes. My wife ordered one of the fish dishes over which they poured balsamic vinegar without double checking with my wife. She was so disgusted with the fish she had to send it back. The next fish she got was salty as well but at least she thought it was well cooked. We finished the dining experience with an order of 2 desserts and both were above average. Overall, pretty average food that you can probably get elsewhere 1/3 of the price with a much better taste.

My biggest problem was our waitress. After she took our drink and appetizer orders, she disappeared for 20 mins. When our appetizers showed up, I asked another poor fellow whether we are gonna be able to order the main dishes if our princess waitress decides to show up. She came over in another 5 minutes, didn't even apologize and pretended like nothing happened. We had to wait for the main dishes for another 30 mins. We didn't get water refreshments and I think we have been only asked once if we need more drinks in that time. When the food came, I was already feeling filled but ate the whole thing because I was very angry (and it is super hard to make me angry).  When my wife's food turned out to be bad, the manager came over and apologized so +1 for the manager.

Overall, we paid for 4 people about $350 w/o a bottle of wine or anything like that. If we only paid $150-$200 I could have been still OK but at this price range I expect high quality services to be delivered. Really disappointed in LAVO, never coming back and never sending any of my friends there. Sorry, Palazzo.
I am reviewing the restaurant.

The food was delicious and worth the price we paid, although I feel the pasta dishes were on the small side.  The chicken dishes had larger servings.  The atmosphere can be described as upscale and trendy.  I would have given this place four or five stars if the waitress didn't act like we were an annoyance.  She was not particularly friendly or concerned with how we were doing.
Got seated outside...was in the warm side had Calamari and it was pretty good.

Overall, wasn't happy with price to quality ratio.  Maybe we hit an off night but we were there to celebrate...
This review is for the restaurant. Keeping it brief, since a lot about this place has already been said.

My friend and I dined here on a Wednesday summer night, around 9 p.m. We got a table right away. Our waiter was extremely friendly, and pointed out that there were coupons in the Grazie book. (Inquire at the Venetian to join for free.) We decided to pass, since you essentially got two big bottles of wine, and we were only two people. But it seemed like a good deal, for Vegas. 

I had the chicken and mushroom ravioli. It was in a garlic butter sauce with arugula on top. Holy cow! I only got 6 ravioli for something like $28, but won't soon forget it. The rav, and my friend's penne pasta, AND the garlic bread, were all delicious.

A few observations:

-The wait staff is all very attractive.
-Our water was never below half full.
-LAVO has a pretty romantic atmosphere. 
-The place was decently crowded at that hour, but not packed. The nightclub didn't seem to be happening just yet.

If the prices were a LITTLE less expensive, and the portions a LITTLE larger, I would have given it five stars. However, (it's Vegas, and) as I mentioned, the flavors and service were terrific. So if you're looking for a fancy Italian meal on the Strip in Vegas, go here.
**NIGHTCLUB REVIEW ONLY**

THE GOOD:
-We stayed at the Venetian so we got free passes to LAVO, which also put us right in the front of line and we did NOT have to wait! This was amazing considering it was Memorial Day weekend and there was a bunch of people in line waiting to get in.

- As you walk into the club, you are encased in a glass walkway where you can see people dining downstairs.

- It was a glow in the dark theme, which I didn't know when coming in so I was pleasantly surprised.  They were also handing out glow in the dark glasses.

- The bartender was also amazing! We kept coming back for drinks and in our 3rd round, we said we wanted something fruity so he surprised us with his own mixture - it was UH-MAZING!  My sister can drink with the best of them so she rarely gets a buzz, but she was having an amazing time dancing and drinking it up thanks to our bartender.  (**TIP: Be nice to your bartender here! They are friendly and will be equally generous with their concoctions).

- The music was also awesome!  We were at Pure Nightclub the night before and we all couldn't get into the groove of the music because the song selection was just that bad.  LAVO restored our faith in good music and Vegas clubs again and we had a great time!

THE BAD:
- The only thing I have an issue with is the small venue of LAVO.  Don't expect to be able to move around this club by the time it hits midnight. Thank goodness we arrived at 11pm and had at least a good hour to enjoy the music & drinks before we just couldn't stand the crowd anymore.

OVERALL:
A great club experience! - we got in, we got drinks, we danced to awesome music, and then we got out! - all within 1 hour - my are we efficient club-goers :)
Vegas baby!! So many food choices, LAVO is great for groups who want to stuff their faces with amazing Italian food, unfortunately you cant go partying after since you are so full!

We ordered the pizzas, and I had the kobe beef spaghetti and meatballs. so tasty, almost as good as Raos. For dessert you must try the fried Oreo cookies, which is their signature dish.

Also eating at the restaurant offers you admission to the club upstairs, if you can move after how much you eat :-)
** Nightclub Review**

Overall the club was very fun.  I like the fact they have seating in the back, which is great since you don't have to buy a bottle to sit down.  The music kept everyone on the dance floor all night.  The place is pretty small and the line does form early.  The ONLY down fall, beware of the bartenders charging differently.  The first bartender charged us $22 for two drinks, but the others charged $25.  It was weird.  Overall, I would go back.
I was at Vegas over the weekend, and we decided to go to LAVO Nightclub on Saturday Night.  We had a blast there it was a good vegas night.  The music was pretty good, the people there weren't a bunch of douche's.  Overall it was good.  I just didnt like how it was so small and im pretty sure they went over capacity because there was absolutely no where to walk. Good thing we had bottle service because there was no way i was walking through that mess.  We tipped the bouncer in front of our table good money and he took care of us all night.  Made room for us to walk around and go to the bathroom, took people out of our corner that we didnt want there.  We felt like bosses so to say haha.  But i would recommend this nightclub if you want to experience the nightlife of vegas for a decent price compared to the thousands spent at other clubs.
We celebrated our friend's birthday here last night and it was good.  I'd say a 3.5, but I'll round up because it was comped.  

The restaurant is really pretty inside.  It has dim-lighting and it's romantic. It was pretty empty so the ambiance was lacking a bit, but our table made for it. They served us family style: rigatoni, chicken parm, pizza, salad, truffle fries, and calamari.  I must say, most of it was pretty bomb, except the pizza. I thought the crust was super soggy.  I also did not like the salad - too much onion/shallot and orange slices were a weird addition. I loved the tomato cream sauce on the rigatoni, but my favorite dish was the calamari.  It had just a tiny kick of spice to it, but it was SOOO good.  Probably some of the best calamari I've ever had. 

The service was great.  The food took a bit, but they were always quick to refill waters and get us anything we needed.  I'd go back if we were going up to the club one night.

Overall, a good dining experience.
Over priced mediocre food.  With that said, at the very least the restaurant had a beautiful atmosphere ruined by terrible service.  Although friendly there mo is to turn over their tables as quickly as possible. Drinks arrived after apps served, dinner before salads finished.  As my husband complained to our waiter, we are not at in and out. When paying $28  for  old pasta, expect  a lot more.  Very clear not just from our experience but from others their goal is to turn tables as fast as possible to a point it felt insulting. At the least after we voiced complaints the waiter could of at least offered to comp a drink that didn't show up for at least 20 minutes. Go elsewhere.
Wait for it...wait for it...wait for it...has it been 10 minutes yet? That's how long we waited on a not so crowded 7pm on Saturday night at our table before we left. But before we left, we watched not one, not two but at least three ear piece wearing managers walk by our table looking all too important but doing nothing. And 3-4 servers leaning against a wall and too many bus people without water in their hands walk by our table. We went across the lobby to CarneVino where we enjoyed first class service and a great meal. We told our server what just happened and he said, "It's a nightclub, not a restaurant!" Couldn't have said it better.
Had dinner here two years ago and enjoyed the appetizers so I went back there last night.  Was very excited to go back.  Back then I had a Caprese salad with green tomatoes and it was delicious.  I went back there and there was a similar mozzarella tomato salad on the menu but it wasn't the same.  There wasn't enough balsamic vinegar, which turned out to be a good thing because it was sour.  My husband had the Caesar Salad which was great but over priced.  We also had the chicken Parmesan which was too salty and definitely over priced. They didn't serve it with anything which was disappointing for the price. I asked for the dessert to go and confirmed that they were packing the strawberry shortcake but I ended up with the cheesecake.  Cheesecake was good but the cherries was sour.  Aside from the food, the music was fun and I liked the decor.  The waiters were friendly.
Restaurant review....

Gorgeous decor & delish food. When I come to Vegas I love a restaurant that you get to dress up for and have a great date night out. This place is fantastic if you Re ready for dinner and party immediately after. I went in hopes of a more romantic dinner but this music in the places EXTREMLY loud and apparently a dj comes in at 9:30 to play in the restaurant. So if your in the mood for a nice expensive dinner and a party come here! If your looking for a romantic dinner with superb service, skip this place. Our waitress was uninterested and more attentive to her larger tales, just rude (that's why the 3 stars)
OMG!!!!! Yummy!!!! Best freaking meatball I have ever had in my life. Cheese   Cake was out of this world also a yummy spin n a classic using ricotta. Wish I could beam there anytime have so craved this place since I left. Top of my list defiantly.
Holy meatballs! Like most reviewers, I thought the meatballs were phenomenal. I think it could be eaten as a meal (or two) by itself. Really, really good and served with garlic bread! There was a hiccup in the kitchen and we accidentally received more garlic bread - it comes with the meatballs - so we really benefitted from the kitchen's snafu! =) 

The waiter was great. I am the type of person who always asks for recommendations for everything - appetizers, entrees, drinks, etc. He quickly noted this and recommended the sausage ragu and saggio cocktail. For entrees, we got the carbonara and the ravioli. To end - the oreo. Wonderful from start to finish.  

It is on the noisy side but we expected that. We did not take advantage of this but dinner earns you entrance to the club. 

Added bonus: if you don't finish your cocktail, they give you to go cups =)
This is a chic place to grab dinner on the strip. Fun for ladies because of the free cocktails. I would plan on going somewhere else though if you're looking for a good place to go dancing. Although they place music, I feel as if it's more of a bar/restaurant than a nightclub. Good place to go though if you're looking for a trendy place to get food or a drink.
I am rating the restaurant only.  

The food is expensive and not worth it at all.  I tried the grilled octopus appetizer and that was yummy.  If I were to go again, I'd get that only.  I had the Eggplant pasta with mozzarella and tomato.  It had way too many tomatoes and barely any eggplant.  The description made it sound like the Eggplant would be the highlight of the meal but with it barely present, I couldn't taste it at all.  I tried some other dishes that my friends got and none of them were impressive.  I'd prefer a place like Olive Garden than Lavo Italian Restaurant.
Vegas has some great restaurants, and well far too many that just seem to be getting by with a cool atmosphere and average food. This is NOT one of those just skimming by... this restaurant is FANTASTIC!

We had a group of 14... which understandably can be a pain. They accommodated us  without hesitation, but that was just the start of it. Our server (I wish I caught his name) was outstanding. He was on top of it, gave great recommendations and even gave us a coupon from the hotel book for half off a magnum bottle of champagne (who does that?!).  

Next... the food... umm wow. We had a bunch of appetizers (oysters, crab legs, flatbread, GARLIC BREAD). All delicious. There are 2 things you MUST try (not optional in my opinion)... the KOBE MEATBALLS... yeah... I dont even know how to describe how good they were and DEEP FRIED OREOS, well you can imagine what that deliciousness might be like. 

We had such a great experience that I had to ask for the manager after dinner... Jason was awesome and gave me his card and said not to hesitate to let him know if we needed anything else. This guy clearly knows how to do good business.

I honestly cant recommend this restaurant enough... it is now my go to for all vegas trips!
Went to dinner first. Our apps were good but it took along time for our entrees to come out only to be cold. Asked our waiter to replace our food and could tell he was a bit flustered and frustrated because he was double sat. When our food finally came back out it was luke warm but not cold this time. Manager apologized for cold food and made the excuse that they werent expecting to be busy. Not sure how thats 
ok but whatever. They comped our apps so we compromised. Couldve ceen a better experience but we will try again another day to see if it gets better.
 Now the night club was another story. We got a table with bottle service and what this consists of is a couch with a small table roped off by the dance floor. Ur cramped and theres not alot of space so honestly i didnt find it worth it. People kept trying to sit down at our area if we got up to dance and it was very annoying... Bouncers didnt stop anyone from doing this either and asking them was like asking them for a million dollars... It wasnt happening....
This food...DAMN GOOD!! The beet salad was beyond good as were the asparagus. We had a party of 30 for my Aunt's bday celebration and it was about a six course meal and everything I ate was perfectly cooked, the seasoning were carefully thought out and executed to perfection. The chicken marsala was thinly done and small, but packed an incredible taste of the mushrooms underneath and sauce drizzled on top. Asparagus spears were seasoned with salt, garlic and lemon and sauteed the best I've ever had.

The service was by far the best we had all weekend. I believe our server was Danny a young guy with tattoos on his arm. He was awesome. I sat at the table with my cousins and their kids (it was a younger table but well behaved kids) and he was helped serve the little ones so we could enjoy our meals, who does that? NO ONE EVER!! at least not the places I've been to. He was always right there filling our cups up as was the other server, I can't recall his name. I just remember he has a lil girl who was around the same age as my baby cousin and he was showing her pic to them, which we didn't mind and thought it was really cool how intimate they made the whole experience feel for us. 

We stayed at the Palazzo and I was not too impressed by the service, but the restaurant and service made up for a lot of it! I would recommend anyone visiting Vegas to try this place out and hopefully you get our servers and experience what we did. 

The entire party got the following: Kobe beef meatballs (two large ones) in marinara sauce, beet salad with vinagrette dressing (perfection) sauteed asparagus spears in lemon and garlic (awesome) calamari (tied for the best I've had) not greasy at all. Italian sausage with pasta and Bolognese Sauce (a bit salty, but creamy and very good) Chicken Parm (too greasy so I didn't touch it) didn't look that appetizing. Chicken Marsala (already spoke about) and Pasta Carbonara with bacon (this was on point!) Creamy, great taste with every bite, perfectly seasoned and great portions. Then we had chocolate cake with peanut butter filling with was too sweet for me but the filling was not your average skippy peanut butter. It was slick, creamy and perfectly sweet. Oh yea and the infamous fried oreo. I didn't eat this but everyone said how good it was.
Lavo is located inside the Palazzo, right on the strip. It has a little bit of everything on the menu: pasta, pizza, fish, meat. The inside is dim, dark wood, lanterns, and would have a romantic feel if it wasn't so loud-the music that is. We opted to sit outside on the terrace as it was a beautiful night. Everything on the menu looks great by the way. It's a la carte style so my friend and I ordered the calamari to start, the branzino and the ahi tuna for our entrees,  the mushrooms, and polenta "fries". The calamari was fresh, crispy, plump yet lightly battered and served with the most amazing marinara. They also brought some garlic bread to the table served with the same marinara sauce. Did I mention how much I love good marinara? Theirs was awesome too, I was in love.
Our fish was cooked wonderfully. The mushrooms were tender, yet had crispy edges that made them so tasty. The polenta fries were one of the most creative plates I've seen in a long time. Essentially, these garlicky, buttery, seasoned, soft polenta delights were formed into large rectangular "fries" (there were four in an order) coated in breadcrumbs and fried like a mozzarella stick. Then, they were served with that amazing sauce. They were my favorite item of the evening. 
Their signature dessert is the fried oreos. We were full but didn't want to miss out on their signature dish. They were very, very good, but since I've had fried oreos at the state fair many times, they weren't a novel idea, nor much different. So, if you haven't ever tried them, get them, but if the concept isn't new to you you can try something different.
Service was great. My water glass was full all night, empty plates cleared promptly, and our server offered some great suggestions on where to go out later that evening. The whole dining experience was just that, an experience, and a great one.
Had dinner here the first night I was in town. I've been hearing about the MEATBALL (note, singular, not plural) so much around the office that I HAD to find out what it was all about.

Basically, it is a huge ball of meat (bigger than a baseball) that is made with kobe beef. In terms of meatballs: this is the best I have ever tried. Also had a seafood mix salad (came with huge chunks of lobster). 

Then came the entrees: chicken Marsala and the sea bass. The chicken Marsala left little to be desired: came with spinach and mushrooms and very thin pieces of chicken, topped with a very light rendition of the sauce. The sea bass was also very, very delicious. The skin was fried perfectly: it stayed together on the plate and just melted in my mouth. Comes with a small side argula salad which was pair very well with the fish.

This is definitely on the pricier side. Also, take note: this place can be a bit loud (we sat inside) but I'd definitely be coming back to have the Meatball again. Perhaps I'll try the balcony next time which faces T.I. and their pirate/syren show.

Tip: if you stop here, you would do yourself a disservice if you did not try their MEATBALL!
I just remember coming here when the girls and I were super hungry and ready to go on a carb binge. Eggplant Parm is phenomenal. They have a salad here call the Louie Salad which is a mix of seafood (lobster and shrimp) served over greens and vinaigrette topping. One of the best salads I have ever had. Drinks are served in slightly smaller glasses here, but don't let that fool you... way more alcohol than anticipated, and that creeped up on us after about an hour. Sneeeeeaky bartender!
This is a review for the club. We requested access to the guest list a couple of days beforehand and were let free.  We got there right before midnight and it was pretty packed. DJ Vice was the dj (usually on Sundays) and he played a great mix of genres.  Drinks were average priced and strong!

Overall great fun especially if you are able to get in free via the guest list or passes from staying at the Palazzo.
Was thinking about hosting a big event here, but the manager didn't show up for the scheduled appointment even when I confirmed 24 hours prior.  Very unprofessional.
This review is for the nightclub only.
I came for my friend's 21st birthday. The place was clean, but small. Most of our group consist of girls, so we got in within 2 minutes. Open bar for females from 11pm to 12 am. What more could you ask for? Even with the open bar, the bartenders were very attentive. We never had to wait more than a few minutes to get a drink. The dance floor is a bit small, but the music is good. They didn't play EDM the whole time, which I LOVE. The restrooms were nice and clean. If the dancefloor was bigger, i'd give this place 5 starts.
Ehh it was overpriced and average food. Could have made a better pasta myself. I have no problem with over priced if the food is one of a kinda and best thing ever, this wasn't the case.
did not eat here, but i did get drunk here.

this place was...really what the stars say, a-ok. LOL

it was kinda dirty? LOL like so many spills and thats not their fault but the way it was handled is. i saw so many that it should be taken in mind maybe its the way the place is designed that cause this vip section to have so many spills? theres too many bouncers, they made me feel uncomfortable. but this place was poppin none the less. the hosts all host at all tables they just move down the line and im not sure how i feel about that. but i guess it worked out that night. i saw a few check on the oj cranberry and water and then never to be seen with a refill...soooo are you doing your job? LOL. idk it was fun but it could of been better, i guess i expected more.
Dined at Lavo friday night aug 23rd. What an amazing experience! The food was as usual outstanding. Atmosphere always killer. But I want to mention what great service we had from start to finish. Being that it was the usual busy friday night we were being "navigated " to our table where on the way a very pleasant waitress smiled  as she stepped out of our way and wished us a great dinner! How nice! Turns out the same waitress is going to be our server. Off to a great start. Jojo was still just as pleasant and enrhusiastic as she started off w some wine and cocktail suggestions all of wich we took and loved. As dinner went on our whole table became enamoured w watching this pro at work. A table of older customers laughing smiling..clearly a bachelorette party of all girls joking about having an enviable little party w her. After encountering so many snobby money grubbing servers in vegas and all over it was so refreshing to watch a true pro at work. Everything else was secondary. She even escorted my wife to the ladies room! Wow! Blown away. Will be back again and will always request jojo!
Came for dinner before a 9:30 show at the Mirage. We were seated at 6:30. Our drinks were a little slow, arriving after our meatball. I had asked the meatball to be brought at the same time as our entrees but, it was brought as an appetizer. It was so freaking delicious, I didn't even care. I will return a hundred times for the meatball if not for anything else. The complimentary bread & sauce was very good. I ordered spaghetti with tomato & basil and I thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband ordered chicken mushroom ravioli. Not so great. It had an odd brown gel-like sauce. It was not at all what my husband was expecting and it was a really small portion. He ordered an extra order of the bread ($6) because he wasn't full. Our service was ok. Drinks went empty and never were refilled, so we drank water. The GM came around and was very nice. Even more so when we told him we were locals. Then we ordered dessert and it took 30+ minutes for it to arrive. We had to pick up our show tickets 1 hour before the show and we barely made it! The waiter was apologetic about the long wait & finally offered to refill our drinks at that point. The zeppole Oreos were delicious, just not sure why it took so long. Had we not had the show to get to, I would not have minded as the people watching was fabulous. Overall the giant Meatball was the star of this dinner. Can't wait for the weather to cool down to enjoy the patio seating. A little expensive ($125w/tip) for a pasta dinner, but it wasn't shocking. It was expected.
LAVO is on the smaller side but I had such a good time here! There's not much more than a bar and a dancefloor. The Sunday night DJ played equal parts house and hip hop.
one of our favorite restaurants in vegas

3rd time back 

spaghetti and meatballs are the best! and the deep fried oreos with a cup of vanilla ice cream is the best way to finish a meal!
Hmm, the first time I came here to eat, I was very disappointed and did not enjoy my meal at all!  The food was bland and did not entice my taste buds.  Now the second time I came here, I came with my friend who was visiting Vegas for the weekend.  It was a late meal and we were both HUNGRY!  haha.  Walking around the strip, the restaurant Lavo caught my friend's eye and we looked at the menu and she wanted to dine there.  I was a bit hesitant, but since she was the guest, I complied and asked for a seat for two for dinner.  

As we got the menu, we were trying to decide what to order.  We ended up decided to order family style.  This mean, 2 friends, 5 dishes, ranging from salad, appetizers, a main entree, and including dessert!  We ordered their famous meat ball with ricotta cheese, the truffle fries, a lobster scampi pizza, and a fish dish with a delicious crouton salad that I forgot the name of!  

The meatball was actually really good!  I can see why everyone talks about it!  It is one full pound of wagyu beef (very tender beef)  cooked with lots of flavors and topped with marinara sauce and ricotta cheese.  Eating it by itself was a bit too salty, so I paired it with their complimentary garlic bread.  Both of use only had 1/4 of the ball since we wanted to try everything else.  

When the truffle fries came out, it was DELICIOUS!  Now this is how fries are suppose to be!  Semi burnt! ;-)  Hahaha.  I loved burnt potatoes!  Not of those light gold colored fries you get at McD's, but the dark brown, crispy fries that has been in the fryer longer than it was suppose to be!  hahahaha.  Topped with parmasean cheese and truffle oil, my mouth was dancing in joy with each bit!  

Next up, the Lobster scampi Pizza and the fish dish (which was not memorable besides the crouton salad it came with).  Now Lobster scampi on top of a flat bread pizza...need I say more?  It was DELICIOUS!  No complaints there!  

As for the fish dish, It was okay...but the croutons side dish was so good!  I swear what they did was cubed bread, deep fried it to a crisp, tossed it was cucumbers and tomato and served it!  Simple yet amazing!  

Last but not least...dessert....not I know Lavo is known for their deep fried oreos...but after hearing about its texture, I was not appeased to even try it!  The waiter basically told us it tasted like oreo dough...in my mind (oreo soaked in oil)  Ouch...heart attack!  So instead, we chose to order the toasted marshmellow 7 layer rolled cake....such a great decision because it was what we both were craving!  It was a thin layer of chocolate cake, rolled with a vanilla type of cream and covered with chocolate ganache.  Very sweet, but perfect ending to such a delicious meal!  

Now I wasn't impressed with my first experience here, and after giving it a second chance, LAVO has won my taste buds!  I'd recommend my friends to come here, so you should come and try it too! =)
My favorite restaurant on the strip by far! Meatballs are amazing and love the ambiance :)
Hmm...This was a last nite in Vegas and wanted a fancy dinner.    Looking back this was a pretty heavy meal, we should have not done it the last nite.   We were celebrating friend's bachelorette party and we got the package that includes entrance to Tao afterward.      It was pre determined menu and personalized which I thought was a great touch.   Was really looking forward to the last nite and just talking with the girlfriends.    We arrive and seated promptly.    Get to table and no thinking and our appetizers come.   It would have been nice to get our drink orders in at least.   So we are chit chatting talking barely made a dent in out apps and then our salads come out.      So now our tables is covered in food and its coming to fast.    

I call over waiter and ask him to give us some time in between courses.   We received the apps and salads in matter for 10 minutes.      As we are talking another party comes but at our tables.     They are obviously drinking and making a distracting scene.     Yes I know it is Vegas and every one drinks.   But that doesn't mean you act ignorant.     However our dinner comes 10 minutes later and we still haven't finished our apps or salads so food is on table getting cold.     In the meantime, other table is getting louder and louder.    I ask the waiter to ask them to bring it down  a bit.     He then proceeds to tell me the table is friends with the owner.    And I said I understand I just want the to turn it back a little.     Not less than 1 minute later, the waiter goes to the table and tells them I wanted them to be quiet.    

The other tables then starts to act ignorant (Dear Owner, I hope you talk to  your friends, it is bad reflection of the ownership)    We ignore them but livid with waiter on how he handles situation.    I ask the waiter to bring manager. The manager does not show up for 15 minutes.    Come to find out the waiter, tells manager that we started an altercation with other table.   I then grow livid.    We just finished our meal and left...Such a disappointment.
Well known upscale Italian restaurant that is quite inconsistent. I have had great meals but recently a very mediocre dining experience. Waitstaff were uninspiring and simply went through the motions. There are many places to choose from on the Vegas strip that will give you a better dining experience.
I got the dinner and bottle service package and it was a great deal. Dinner was awesome with the meatball appetizer and filet. Then the bottle service in the club was awesome. The club is small but we had our own place to dance and sit down. The bouncers were great at keeping our seats clear. Each table can really only sit 4 people so if u want more people to sit at once you should get separate bottle service packages but not needed if some people are dancing while others sit. Nice club and good hip hop and pop music. It is small though and I can't image going to the club without bottle service.
Review is for the nightclub portion only.

I was here for Dash Berlin on a tuesday night, got guestlist from dash berlin world.  Went to the front, mentioned that I was on guestlist to about 3 or 4 people, and sent to a line that I thought was for guestlist.  Got to front of line, ID was checked, and sent inside where the lady said I needed a handstamp, or it will cost $20 each for cover.  Uhh, what? She mentioned I had to go back to the front, which I did, and of course they sent me back to the cashier, where I again mentioned I'm on the guestlist.  Apparently the fact that I had won a contest on DashBerlinWorld made things confusing for them.  Fortunately DB world had given me a printout that I was able to show them.

This is Vegas, things really shouldn't be confusing - you have a line for guestlist, a line for GA, and a line for Bottle service.  The guestlist line should have a bouncer with a clipboard and he should be checking off names while verifying ID.  

Sound was good, club was definitely on the small side, drinks moderately priced at $13 for a well mixed.  Secondary bar near the bathrooms were helpful and didn't have too long of a line.  

Solid 3.5 stars, rounded down due to the guestlist circlejerk.
This place is perfect!!!! Their food is amazing, the environment is relaxed and perfect for a date;) 

I highly recommend the Shrimp Scampi, Sea Bass, or the Spaghetti. Also recommend the Gelato for dessert!

They also serve garlic bread with marinara sauce complimentary. Which is delicious.
This club is one of the best. I got put on the guess list with a few of my friends on the strip in the middle of the day. When we got there there was a line out the door and people were arriving in limos. There were hot girls near the entrance. When we got inside we went upstairs and the floor was packed out with people. A VIP group was in a secret room next to the bar tender. She was overwhelmed with drink orders. It was hard to order a drink with so many people crowding and the noise. I went down stairs and it was not as hectic. People sat around the large bar and sat on couches nearby. When I went back up stairs LMFAO was there passing out light sticks. They had expensive jewelry, wild animal print clothes, and they knew how to dance. I just started jumping up and down with the crowd. I got in for free and had a blast.
Every restaurant should aspire to have service on this level.  We made reservations on open-table and unfortunately the restaurant was running late. The host apologized and gave us each a cocktail of our choice and a large prosciutto plater.  The wait staff was gorgeous and completely attentive.  Price wise- it was fair and expected, given the location and trendiness.  There is a Live DJ spinning as you eat and relax, knowing you will not be frustrated with lazy service.  5 stars and standing ovation.
I haven't had the pleasure of dining here yet but Im sure that's in the near future. But this place as a nightclub... is awesome. Came here a few weeks ago with a group for Dash Berlin. We had the table directly behind the DJ booth where we got to enjoy the music and intimacy with the DJ all night. It was truly an amazing experience. I really like venues like this one and Marquee Day Club. Where you can actually mingle with the DJ before/after his set. The ambiance was beautiful as well. Bartenders were great along with our cocktail server. I will defineatly be returning to this venue in the fiuture.
This nightclub was a dud.  My girlfriend and I stayed at the Palazzo, as such we decided to check it out since we didn't really want to leave the casino.  
Upon our arrival, we were directed to a very long line.  We were supposed to be on their VIP list, and that long line was for VIP guests.  WTF? I might as well wait at the regular line because it moved even faster than ours.  This club did not live up to my expectations.  I expected spacious dance floor, high ceiling, opulent decoration.  What I saw was a tiny dance floor that we could barely move.  The club itself was very small compared to XS and some others.  I felt claustrophobic being inside this place.  My girlfriend's foot got injured because people stepped all over us.  We left after 30 minutes.  It was definitely not one of our best experiences.  I want my money back.  It's good thing we didn't pay or I would have tried to get my money back.
This review is STRICTLY for the nightclub at Lavo.  

I've been to Lavo a few times.  I was not impressed at all the first time I was there and have only grudgingly gone back for friends birthdays/bachelorette parties.  I'm a local and I just cant understand the hype about Lavo.  The decoration is cool and its a very sexy vibe but for as much as you expect from their reputation, Lavo is TINY!!!! There's really only one square cut out for a dance floor and the stairs that lead up to it are always wet.  I don't personally think there should be stairs leading on and off a dance floor anyway.  Nevermind the few flights you have to walk up and down to get in and out of the club from the restaurant as is. The music was average. Not really much variety. Just all house music.  And it's so crowded in such a tiny space I've been burned by smokers' cigarettes on more than one occasion.  I'm not even a smoker.  Like I said, I understand the Vegas nightlife and I've seen smaller clubs than Lavo but for how many people rave about this place I think it's way over-hyped.
oldie but goodie 

There are very few places that are open on Sundays in vegas for clubbing. It was either Lavo, XS, Bank and Hakkassan. We chose Lavo because we've been there before and it's always a good time with my girls plus I don't like XS because we want to dance not sit by the pool; The Bank is just a pass; we had already gone to Hakkassan twice that weekend. 

Lavo is a small venue but they play top 40/hip hop. They had a stretch in the middle where the DJ played some EDM but luckily it wasn't for too long. The crowd is usually pretty diverse but I think it's starting to get a little older like 30+. I will be honest and say, I don't think everyone who comes here will have as good of a time as we did because 1) we got bottle service 2) we were a bachelorette party of 11 crazy girls. 

My promoter, Paul Burboa, hooked it up!!! He made sure our we got a good deal on bottle service! They seated us all the way in the very back by the bar....slightly disappointed but we made the best out of it. The liquor started flowing and so did the good times and lap dances =). Some of the girls were dancing on the platform behind our table and we started mingling with the tables next to ours. 

We were soon approached and asked to relocate to a better table that was right behind the DJ. We had great views from our new table to enjoy the champagne shower contest. We ended up getting moved for a second time to fill an empty table that was right next to the dance floor! We didn't mind all the moving because we kept getting upgraded to better tables. After all that moving, the manager came over to thank us for being his best group that night! 

The security guards were AWESOME! The club was packed so they made a pathway for us to make our way to the new tables. They stopped creepers from getting into our area. Some guy tipped our bouncer $2 to try to get into our bottle service, needless to say he stayed on the outside of the ropes LOL. I mentioned earlier that lap dances were going down and I guess they're not allowed in nightclubs so the bouncers would come over and tap us to stop. When we saw them coming, we already knew and just smiled like we weren't doing anything wrong. At the end of the night, they escorted us out of the club. Oh, I can't forget to mention, they had cute busboys too =)
I have been to Lavo night club several times in the past sooooo I wasnt expecting tonight to be anything short of amazing....BUT unfortunately it was terrible!!!!!!! Two of my friends came to Vegas from Denver for the weekend to party the night away as it was my bff's birthday...so prior to arriving (as always) I got us on a promoters guest list annnnd we were told we would be receiving free open bar (free drinks) from 11pm to 12am soooo we promptly arrived at 10:45pm to ensure we would have the entire hour of open bar.....sooooooo we get there and are told we wont be receiving a wristband which allows women to drink free....long story short I am never returning to Lavo again!!!!! The one time my friends come to visit they act like total dicks!!!!!! Especially the white guy with the handle bar mustache......Save your money and dont go!!!!
I came here last Friday for dinner (see Public House review).  I'm Local, and this was my 2nd visit in 5 yrs or so.
ATMOSPHERE- Just the way I like, dark, rich and great décor.  We were 'walk-ins' around 7pm or so.  Hostess did not 'insult' when we said we did not have reservations. We were seated at at 2-top in about 10-15 min. No bad. But 2-top so close to next 2-top we almost had "dinner guests". We had a glass candle holder-nice, two glasses of water along with salt/pepper...I asked the waitress "where are we going to put our plates, and salads on this tiny table?"  Note to self: NEVER AGAIN.
FOOD- (my guy and I usually share because we don't like to take food home). I told our waitress we planned to share and would need extra plates.  She was very kind and upbeat.  We enjoyed the garlic bread with marinara sauce --complimentary.
Our order: wedge salad, eggplant appetizer and of course one of their famous  'Meat Balls'  ($22), we both had a glass of ZIN.  What a pleasant surprise- the waitress had our salad divided BEFORE serving.  This was the largest wedge salad I have ever seen.  I am sure the price was high, I don't remember- but I was impressed... And the taste was also great.  Here came the 'meatball' (we ordered the one with Ricotta on top and it looked like a mtn of whipped cream)  YUMMM IS ALL I CAN SAY! and this 'ball' is big enough to share with 4 if needed.   Now to the eggplant, our waitress said it was her 'favorite', but 'heavy'.  She explained the eggplant is sliced lengthwise in very,very thin sheets and layered like lasagna.  This was delicious, but a meal for 2 hungry or 4 to taste and enjoy--yes very filling and I had to take home and gave to my daughter.  So, with that said, the salad and meatball would be perfect for two.
SERVICE- great.
NOISE- NOISE and, oh I almost forgot-NOISE- This place was the loudest with yelling people trying to talk over each other that I've been in for longer than I can remember.  The music in background, OK, the yelling, crazy.  Our 'almost dinner guest' next to us actually screamed to get some friends passing by to see them- this scream right into my ear, I actually jumped.  The friends then huddled around our teenie table and one actually used my guy's chair back to lean on all during their over 5 minute visit.  Yep they were going to 'Old town' and yep they would meet up later and yep they reviewed their food YA-DA-YA-DA. This, not the fault of LAVO, just rude people.
PRICE- "Vegas Gourmet"...you got it... $$$   That's a mea-ta-ball!
Oh how I love this place! Every time I am
I'm vegas I have to eat here. The first few times we ate here the pasta was amazing and totally worth it, and they always give you a complimentary loaf of bread w sauce which melts in your mouth. Sadly tho the last few times we are here the pasta wasn't very good and the hubby doesn't want to keep coming back here, but at least we can keep coming back here for the most important part which is the dessert. Anytime you are in vegas you must get the deep fries Oreos that come w a vanilla milkshake, nothing compares to this dessert.. Nothing
Great strip views on the patio - you will really feel the Vegas Vibe . Pretty expensive - huge and amazing meatballs with ricotta - great club to dance !
Between Lavo and Tao for a dinner and club experience I think Lavo is much better.  The food is good (of course also pricy, but it's vegas) and the club, while smaller, was easier to get around and seemed to have a more upscale clientele.  I wouldn't go back just for dinner or just for a club, but if I had to plan a bachelor party and needed the dinner/club combo again i would choose Lavo easily.  We went with 14 dudes and had a great time.
Early dinner reservation before Rock of Ages show. We chose outdoors on the terrace...excellent choice if the weather is right...and it was...plus, they have enormous lamp heaters which worked perfectly later on. Sun was down, perfect al fresco dining weather and all the police/ ambulence sirens were in full force. You sit above the street foot traffic...so, that is never part of the experience and the view down the south Strip is delightful. 

Our server was polished and knowledgeable...the food was excellent. GF had ahi...I had pork cheeks pasta...we split the shrimp louie salad (thank goodness, the thing was huge) and a couple of glasses of wine with dinner. Quite good all the way through...even with the ambient noise. The twenty layer chocolate & peanut butter cake almost got my GF...but she was wearing this amazingly form fitting dress...and did not want to risk what that desert would have done to her silhouette. My desert was the garlic bread and marinara sauce...totally addictive. Two c-notes should cover it.
Went here on a Sunday through Darko as our host. Didnt eat here for dinner. We had 3 guys 5 girls and all got free entrance. Girls got a 11 to 12 wristband for open bar. Well drinks only. 

The scene: Small venue compared to all the other clubs out here. Nice decor. More table areas then a dance floor. 
There is no outside patio. Not much seating if you do not have a table.

The music and dance floor: mainly hip hop and some edm. Because the dance floor was small it got crowded quickly ut we managed to keep an area for our group without a problem.

The crowd: More of a 35 and over club and men in business attire. We were probably the youngest group there but that didnt matter.

The bartenders: The main bar was great drinks were perfect. Open bar for ladies what there to complain about? Whoever the bartender at the small bar made our drinks incorrectly. Asked for a vodka colins and I saw her poor tequila. Lol we were all too drunk to complain at this point. 

There is a small seating area near the elevator where u can rest if they its not used for bottle service that day. 

Overall our group had a great time. Regardless of the size of it and crowd. We just wanted to dance. :)
Lavo Brunch:
Had brunch on the patio at Lavo yesterday.  I must say I enjoyed every bit! Not only was the weather perfect but everything else was also!  We shared our meal at the table, started out with Chopped Louie Salad and Ceasars Salad which were both delicious!  Next we shared a Carne Pizza, Penne Seafood Alfredo, and the 14oz New York Strip.  They were all perfect!  Our server Sal was attentive but not over bearing!  Would love to go back, and I plan on sending guests to dine with you for Brunch for sure!
My Wife made reservations for us at Palazzo for my Birthday. We had read that Lavo was great for the Sunday Brunch so we decided to start the day with the Brunch. Lavo opened at 10:00AM and we arrived a few minutes before opening. When we arrived there were already people in the waiting area therefore we figured that it would be best to check in with the hostess in case they get busy. 
Upon greeting the hostess we were given a strange look like what are you doing here and then she said can I help you. We told her we were there for the Brunch at which time she said they were not open and we could wait. Remember, we were three minutes early. We walked around until we noticed a couch near the dining area and we decided to wait here. After 20 minutes of waiting and watching an unorganized staff the hostess came to us and asked if we were waiting for a table. We told her once again that we were waiting for a table and she then proceeded to a table in the dining room for us to have a seat. We asked if the terrace was available as we had read that the terrace was nice. She did not know and had to ask a server who told her yes. The hostess then directed us to the terrace where we were seated and provided menus. 
After another 15 minutes of not being helped or even acknowledged we got up and walked out. As we left all of the wait staff was in the area and not one of the staff asked us if we needed anything. as we walked past the hostess station there was another employee there that appeared to have some level of authority as they were in business attire. As we were leaving I said to her that we were leaving after 30 minutes of waiting and there was not response. We left and went to Mario Batli's Enoteco Otto where we had a wonderful experience.
Not Just a Night Club! - During the Fall and Winter Season "LAVO BRUNCH" takes over 2pm-6pm in the restaurant area downstairs! Don't let the title fool you.  This is a crazy party! Time to Drink! - If You eat here for Dinner you must try the World Famous Meatballs!
Had a nice dinner on 12/9/13.  Started off with two creat, strong cocktails, perfect.  Everyone was ver nice, young , and very attractive in their role appropriate uniform. 

Nice crowd, busy but not packed. Food was delivered at a swift efficient pace.

Now, to food quality, downhill.  Ceasar salad brown lettuce, otherwise good, cool, great dressing, flakes of parmesan.  Sea bass, old, dry, smelly, not at all appetizing
The veal parmisinio was overcoaked, but delivered with melted cheese and good marinara sauce.

We were planning to retun during our stay, but now will probably not retun due to poor kitchen execution.
This is only for the nightclub, not the restaurant or brunch.

Still a tiny club but it is super convenient when you are staying at the Palazzo and all your girl friends arrive to Vegas around 10:30pm.  We were able to have some chill time in the room and make it down to Lavo at 1:30am and get in for free.  This was really fun for us since we weren't expecting much to do at that hour anyway.  

All the girls got in free and the club was dead inside but that didn't stop us from having fun with the 20-30 other ppl still in there.  It was mostly hip-hop and other random songs at that point of the night.  The bouncers wanted us to dance on the ledge behind the DJ which was fun.  We all got free Ciroc and cranberry using our hotel coupons that we got at the front desk when checking in.  Each booklet has a coupon for free entry and drinks for up to 4 people.  Sweet!

After we left Lavo they told us to walk to Tao and get in with our Lavo stamp.  So that we did!  Haha.  Fun night, no stress.  I wouldn't come here as my main Vegas club event, but it was an easy late Friday night out activity.  

I NEED TO TRY LAVO PARTY BRUNCH THOUGH!!!!!  I bet that would be fun.  I miss day clubs so much.
Items selected:

Illy Coffee
Balsamica - Rum, Rhubarb, Basil, Strawberry
Pastry Basket - Everything Bagel, Focaccia, Oreo Scone, Cronut
Chocolate Hazelnut, Strawberry, Crème Anglaise Dip
Breakfast Mac & Cheese - Two Fried Eggs, Truffled Shells, Pancetta
Almond Crusted French Toast - Cinnamon Panettone, Fresh Berry, Banana
Chicken and Waffles - Cap'n Crunch Crusted Chicken, Bourbon Maple Syrup, Spiced Pecans
Warm Chocolate Bread Pudding - Vanilla Ice Cream, Duce de Leche Sauce

A favorite of friends for their signature meatballs, thumping bass, and eye candy I'd never paid much attention to Lavo until I heard rumor that a "proper" Sunday brunch had been introduced - an interesting menu, beautiful strip views, and proximity to both Bouchon and Ferragamo making it a worthy destination for 2pm brunch on my mother's last day in town.  An ornate space clearly befitting its trendy nightclub roots with friendly, though somewhat cocktail-pushy service and excessive hyperbole (no, your chef did not 'create' the cronut, nor was he the first to coat chicken with the cap'n) it was with the aforementioned bread basket, freely refilled coffee, and a cocktail that our meal began and with the basket particularly impressive given its complimentary nature it was much to my delight that the rest of the cuisine followed suit; substantial delay due to our waiter flirting with two tables full of sorority girls notwithstanding.  Electing to sample two sweets and two savories it was with a trio of selections and the smooth, dense, and semi-molten-centered bread pudding to follow that our meal progressed and attempting to abstain from exaggeration I will simply say that if I returned I'd be hard pressed not to order the exact same thing, the French Toast harkening a fruit infused Bostock and the pasta a peerless example of knowing how to use truffle oil with restraint, the end result a dish warranting an extra slice of focaccia to sop up every drop of the eggy aromatic cheese.
Service mediocre, food mediocre, drinks mediocre. One cocktail $14, the daily special of Kobe skirt flank $46. The grilled octopus was decent though and the Seafood Alfredo was surprisingly good. Get those if you're going to this restaurant. 

Not worth it, per usual with most hotel restaurants.
On first meeting, our waiter thought we were rubes. (Not sure why, since we were dressed well.) I politely nodded through the explanation of the menu (appetizers on the left, pizzas in the middle, entrees on the right) and we promptly ordered a bunch of small plates, sides, and 70-year-old tequila.

Waiter's demeanor changed immediately.

Despite having a sad, stale excuse for a garlic bread service, Lavo was decent. I loved the dark, contemporary atmosphere. The food was good, but not fantastic. Our offerings were sequenced and spaced nicely. 

My favorite dish was actually the haricot verts with pine nuts, which were blanched, shocked, and sauteed in an obscene amount of garlic and butter, giving them a fiesty texture. The assertive, nutty vinaigrette with the tuna tartare took a close second, but the dish had far too much avocado to call it a true win.

In all, we left satisfied, but bemused.

Don't underestimate your customers. We have as much of an opportunity to surprise you as you do to surprise us.
Really nice venue, with a great huge bar. Having been to the original in midtown NYC this is nothing like it. The food isn't quite as good as NYC, but it's still decent for sure. We tried a slew of share-able foods. The service was excellent at the bar and at our table. The waitresses are all hotties, which is never a bad thing.

Food reviews from best to worst:

Kobe rice balls were by far the best thing we tasted, we ordered a second plate of them they were so good.

Kobe Meatball is excellent and huge, great meat texture.

Burrata salad was a special and was done nicely, but not as great as other spots nearby (such as B&B). 

Eggplant parm was decent, not enough sauce, and too heavy/oily.

Skipped Scallops and the calamari, since I'm allergic.
I totally think that restaurants that are nightclubs/lounges at night need to have a separate account for each.
It is too messy to sort out the food and club portion.

With that said, this review is completely for the food!
The girls and I came for a set comped dinner (so please do excuse me if I name something horribly wrong) at about 9:00PM at night.

We waited FOREVER. Like, seriously, I was really wondering what in the world we did to them to deserve this type of wait. They were nice enough to comp us two drinks to help us offset the wait, which helped, but we were still hungry like hippos.

Finally, all the food came, all at once (Maybe they realized that 10 extremely hungry girls were going to lick the plate clean if they did it 1 by 1).

There were (drumroll):
A salad, standard fare. We'll munch on our greens but I want some food!
Chicken Parmesan. A little bit dry, but the sauce was good with the right amount of cheese.
Pizza on flatbread. Probably my least favorite of everything, it simply didn't wow.
Thinly sliced deep fried zucchini. It felt super light, I felt like I was eating delicious air. Calorie-wise though, probably a little on the heavy side.
Deep fried calamari. Quite possibly one of the best calamari I have had when it comes to deep frying. Still crispy and light.
Salmon on a cucumber salad. Finally, not dry and overcooked salmon. It taste fresh and surprisingly buttery.

There might have been more things along the way, but I can't think of everything. We left feeling full and way too sassy to go to the nightclub but did so anyways.

I definitely don't think it's the best food I have ever had, but it was comped and therefore made it 1-star better.

Enjoy!
This review is for the CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH. Lavo Champagne Brunch runs every Saturday during non-pool season from 2-6pm. It takes place inside the restaurant, not the nightclub. I am not sure what the cover charge is, but our promoter for Marquee was also working as a promoter for the brunch and she got us in right away with no cover and no waiting in line. So be sure to look into that option first. We arrived at 3pm and it was a little weird because people were just eating at tables and there was a dj spinning and gogo dancers. There is a minum purchase for a table with food and/or drinks, just like at the nightclubs. Once it became about 3:30 or 4, the place went full on nightclub status. The lights were turned down, the music was turned up, and everyone was dancing and waving light sticks. 

Drinks: Pricey but on par with Vegas prices. Most drinks were $13, even a glass of champage. 

Attire: Guys should dress dressy casual. Girls can wear anything but most girls wore short dresses that are slightly less dressy than the ones you would wear to a nightclub. 

Overall, Lavo Champagne Brunch is a fun place to get daydrunk and preparty for the nightclubs.
My Fiance went to Lavo for girls night and raved how good it was so we went with a big group.  I haven't been there in over a year and the food was great!  Great meatballs and eggplant parm for apps and my bone-in filet was top notch.   Great place to come for dinner then stick around for the club upstairs!
Nice Ambient, food very tasty but somehow we felt push by our server trying to pushes everything in the menu maybe he was trying to hard , price is little high for the value . I know they were extremely busy but we did wanted  to enjoy our meal everything was coming way to fast food not enough time to enjoy an expensive meal , plate were coming one behind the other super fast to fast
The food is yummy and the service is great!
Very nice restaurant. I found it odd that they were playing oldies rap & RnB in a supposed upscale place. I tried the Vodka sauce penne with chicken, and some sort of chicken pizza. The food was good, however the 'wow' factor was missing. Expected more out of this place.
The cover photo of this is totally misleading! I almost missed it by a thread. 

Anyhoozies.. I haven't been here as a restaurant but as a pre-pahty bar/dance warm up, yes. Lavo has the luxury open bar from 10:30-Midnight on certain weekends. Whenever I plan a trip, open bar for the ladies at Lavo is always an option. 

Whenever I am in sin city the only drinks I can drink is red-bull vodka to keep my sleepy-self awake throughout the night. I know, I know.. energy drinks + sugar + alcohol is not great for your diet plus health. But it's sin city! Gluttony and debauchery is allowed. 

Music played here is always Top 40's + Mainstream Hip Hop unless stated otherwise. Mind you this is not a full nightclub. It is more of a big lounge with room to walk and breathe. There is bottle service for you fancies out there. Located in the Palazzo, on the entrance side. So you cannot missed it. Great place to pre-pahty, but don't get too trashed so you can jump to the next club. Staff are not peculiar, crowd ranges a lot since this is not usually the club folks would stay for the rest of the night. 

I wouldn't mind trying out the food here. The cover photo dish looks pretty delicious actually. :)
Thank you Francis and Johnny for making our anniversary/birthday dinner so much fun. Food was excellent, especially the sea bass and fried Oreos. Wonderful dinner experience.
I was in a bind and managed to get a reservation for 4 on a convention week on literally 10 minutes notice -- SCORE. 

Of course, it was at an old person time, but still. The restaurant filled up pretty quickly after we arrived, so we got very lucky.

The service here was friendly, but not too rehearsed, like it is in many of these nice hotel restaurants on the strip. Aperol negroni was awesome, unlike anything I'd had before. The menu is simple enough for people with different culinary incliations to find anything, and I was happy with the kobe meatball with spagetti.
Woo Hoo! I'm a fan of this place! What a great place to go if you want some good food and especially if you plan on clubbing at Tao after!! For a high end restaurant, portions are pretty big and the prices not so much. Most dishes run in the 20's but there are some that are about 40. We had 6 people in our dinner party can came here to celebrate my friends divorce. We came at 8 pm, our reservation was for 8:15 pm and we were immediately seated! Our bills was was about 260 or so and after tip it was about 315. We ordered 3 appetizers, 4 entrees, a pizza and each of us had a drink. It was an average of about 50 each person and we were stuffed! Among the appetizers, we got the mushrooms, truffle fries and their famous meatball. For the entrees, we got fish (I forgot which one), carbonara, the kobe spaghetti, and a pizza. To me everything tasted good. I thoroughly enjoyed my carbonara... very rich, tasty, and total comfort food. The kobe meatball was tasty and melted in your mouth! I didn't try the pizza because my friend was lactose and got a pizza without the cheese... she said it wasn't too bad, not the worst but she wasn't wowed by it. 

I stayed at The Venetian, so I was able to charge the meal to my room and earn points. In my room, there was also a card for a free cocktail with entree. All of us girls had the pomegranate lemonade drink. The alcohol taste wasn't strong and it was pretty good. We all finished it. I don't remember our waiters name, but he was cute and gave us excellent service, everyone was really nice and efficient. The workers here work quick and hard! They carry stuff like it's nothing! We all couldn't believe it... by 9 pm, we had all our food AND had finished eating! Now that's fast! Sometimes at restaurants, it takes like 30 minutes for food to come out! And no, we were not eating fast either, no one even checked the time till we left! I like the decor. It's very dark inside though, with water elements all around. 

Upstairs, LAVO is no longer a nightclub. It is now an ultralounge. After you eat, go upstairs and check out the lounge. It's got a romantic dark vibe to it and very laid back since it's now a lounge (they still have the Saturday brunches which I believe is more club-vibe). Get your receipt from your meal and show it to the cocktail waitress upstairs in the lounge. Everyone in your party will get a FREE drink! We were able to get cocktails! So each of us got another cocktail at $14 each! That is a great deal!! So we each got to enjoy appetizers, entrees, and 2 cocktails for about $50 a person! ... but wait, the night isn't over yet!

Before leaving LAVO, get your stamp from the door people for entry into Tao. We took our time walking to Tao as I think it was barely 11 pm after hanging out in the lounge for a bit and doing some gambling. A line was already in place for Tao going to the door... my friends kinda freaked about the line and I said not to worry because I'm a pro and practically live in Vegas! LOL. We walked right up to the bouncers, showed our stamp and walked right in!! NO line... and NO paying!! We grabbed more drinks at Tao and I showed them around the club. It was still pretty early for clubbing so the place wasn't packed. I was kind of bummed the roof was closed...

For about $50, we got lots of food, drinks, and clubbing! Sounds like a cheap night out!!

Both LAVO and Tao offer table packages too. Which, originally we were going to book, but the only dinner time for LAVO was 1030 pm and I told my friend I can't fill up on drinks and down tons of liquor that soon after because I will get sick. Anyways, the packages start at $82/person... for our group of 6 it would have been about $120 each person. This includes a 3 course meal at either LAVO or Tao AND a table with bottle service at Tao. I had called and asked for more information because I was going to seriously book this package and the alcohol included is top liquor alcohol... which included Gray Goose!! I did the math and if you get the most expensive item on each of the courses for LAVO, it's already $70! If you go this route, then you will have a table and sitting room... plus your own table bodyguard at the club. That what I want to do next time and feel like I'm a baller VIP! LOL. Dinner at Tao for this package however starts at 530 pm for Fri, Sat, Sun. Dinner at LAVO for this package starts at 530 pm on Fri and Sun, Sat starts at 1030 pm. I would choose to eat at LAVO because the food there is more pricey for the same package price and plus I'm Asian, so I don't like the high end Asian eateries because the best ones are the hole in the wall places. 

I will definitely be back here again, especially if I am planning on clubbing at Tao!
THIS PLACE IS POPPIN ON SAT for the Champagne brunch. 

Went there around 215-230 no cover for our group of guys.

The ratio was literally 4 girls to 1 guy and more girls just kept coming in.

Once 3:30pm starts the lights go down and it becomes a nightclub! Super fun and chill environment. 

Food was good at the bar and the drinks are strong. There is an outside patio too which was nice. 

Tiesto was there when I went and he was partying it up. You get Champagne goggle glasses to protect your eyes and it's just one crazy party! 

Definitely coming back during non-pool season
Place is amazing great food and great vibe!!also know know for the best day time party all winter lavo brunch! In in vegas you must check this place out!!
I'd give Lavo 3.5 stars, big serving sizes (each plate our group ordered could easily be shared) food wasn't bad, wasn't the best tasting pasta I've ever had but I guess when in Vegas you pay Vegas prices!
Went here on a Saturday night for dinner before a night out in Vegas. To be honest the setting is great - nice lofty, extravagant restaurant feel you want when you're in Vegas but the food was just a bit 'meh' and the worst thing was the air-conditioning. We had to ask to be moved to a more central table just to get body heat off the rest of the diners and we saw other tables do the same or put their jackets back on. 

We were a group of 4 and share 2 pizzas and 2 salads - which were all just ok. The pizza's were fairly dry as they only seemed to use chopped tomatoes as a sauce base rather than any passata and the salads were measly for around $18-19 a pop!

It was Ok but I wouldn't rush back.
Nice restaurant/club/lounge. Italian food is good, but not great. Noisy atmosphere. DJ plays in the restaurant while you eat. Hard to have dinner conversation. 
My biggest problem with Lavo was the service, from start to finish. Checked in for my 830 reservation & was told they were "running a little behind". Fine. 45 minutes later we finally got seated. No apology. No "let me buy you a drink while you wait". No manager checking on us or offering anything for the inconvenience. 
Tables are, of course, on top of each other. Waiters do a good job, but are over loaded. They are running constantly. Do not look for too much attention.
 
Lastly, we had a "mystery charge" on our bill, which I assume most people pay unnecessarily if they don't read the check. I understand mistakes happen & I wouldn't mention this as a negative except that I noticed the same waiter had the same "mistake" with the couple two tables away from us immediately before we paid our bill. I guess we weren't ordering enough to run up the bill so they did it for us. Of course, no apology was forthcoming from, the manager upon his correction of this error either. 
With all of the restaurant choices in Vegas (or just at The Venetian for that matter) I am surprised this place is surviving. 
I'll never go back.
This is NOT a review on the nightclub portion.. We went to dinner here this weekend and fell in love! Their staff is so accommodating to gluten allergies and very knowledgeable about their menu and wine list. The service was spot on! The food was out of this world.
From the bread all the way to the desert, everything was so  delicious. The meatballs is to die for. The beat salad perfect. Love love the food! Def recommending this place to everyone!
Awesome club, great DJ's and cool drinks!
Homophobic and sexist. Don't come here. You will be treated as a minority and second class citizen if you are gay.
This place had excellent food and awesome service! The meal I had was superb. I dined outside with a coworker and had a great experience. The Chilean sea bass was awesome. My coworker had the filet and said it was really good. We had sides of sautéed spinach and one other side I can't recall. Their long islands were strong but balanced. Our view was great but unfortunately they aren't doing the pirate shows across the street right now due to renovations or construction or something. But what a meal!!!
Enjoyed a signature cocktail. Oysters and famous meatball was a must. I love bread but rarely would I mention in a review, but their garlic bread is maybe the best I have had - so evenly crispy but melts in you mouth. Great service and hip vibe.
If you're in Vegas on a Saturday and you don't want to see the sun during the day, come here! The place is AMAZING! You'll forget all of life's problems...WOO! The best part is you get to do so many things you'll regret BEFORE the sun goes down!
Decent service but horrible food! This was the only place we could get in on short notice around 10:30 on a Monday night. The lobster bisque was inedible, the chopped Louie salad was 90% onions, 9% mixed greens and 1% lobster and shrimp and the sea bass was so so. Reasonably priced for Vegas but definitely not somewhere I would recommend. I'm not sure if it was the alcohol I consumed that night or the food at Lavo (probably the food) but it did not sit well and violently came back up the way it went down the next morning. Tmi, sorry.
Free for local ladies (not sure if it's only on certain nights).
Music alternates between hiphop and house. (I wish they played more hiphop/top 40 because I hate house music).
Every hour or so they blast foam bubbles onto the dance floor.
One time when we were there, they gave out free glow sticks to the people on the dance floor.
Dance floor starts to get packed around midnight and there's hardly any room to move around (this was on a Sun when they used to be open on Sun).
LAVO Lounge is a lot of fun and totally worth it if you are looking for a fun experience minus the crazy clubbing! We were lucky enough to sit at a table and the vibe and atmosphere was perfect for a few friends celebrating a birthday. The décor and seating makes you feel like you are in an old library! 

LAVO brunch is NOT WORTH IT! After having a great time the night before, we wanted to continue the celebrations over brunch. After 30 minutes of waiting for a table, we then waited another 30-45mins before we were able to order food! This type of service is understandable if it is crowded, but it was not. There were many open tables. When we brought it up to our waiter, his excuse was "Well the kitchen is on the second floor so we are running up and down stairs". If this is what causes the bad service, then something needs to be fixed! 

Besides the wait, the food was okay. Definitely not the a top choice for brunches in Las Vegas and I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
Our pasta was delicious. Atmosphere was dark and fun (a precursor to a night out at a dance club - DJ and all). Service was prompt and thorough. Only complaint is it was a little cramped. Our table was right between two other parties and it didn't feel very private. Perhaps the darkness and music is to help remedy this.
Went to Lavo for my birthday dinner on Tuesday and it was pretty good. The service is great. The food was great. I ordered the mussels and clams in a salsa verde sauce for my appetizer... Amazing!!!!! For my entree, I had the linguini with mixed seafood and that was okay. It was supposed to be spicy I believe but lacked spice. My bf had the seafood Alfredo and I tasted a little bit of it. He enjoyed it I preferably didn't like the lobster butter sauce they added to it. Just wasn't something my tongue appreciated. Lol I would definitely go back for those clams!!! After I ate, we went up to Tao, the nightclub and we enjoyed that since the atmosphere was "loungy."
Great meal.  Great view.
*** Review for Spring Restaurant week 2014 menu ***

What a great way to end Restaurant Week!  I had a reservation and asked to be seated on the patio (the Terrace, the occupancy sign says).  The sun was in my face for about 15 minutes before going before going behind Treasure Island.  It was a great evening to sit out and enjoy the outstanding Las Vegas weather.

I was seated a few seconds when my server, Casey, came and took my drink order.  My iced tea was delivered quickly.  A different server came to take my order.  There was no Restaurant Week menu sheet with my regular menu so she just told me some of the choices.  After making my choices, a runner came by with aluminum foil wrapped garlic bread with a dish of marinara on the side.  Super garlic bread and very good marinara!

Back to ordering.  For course one, I went with crispy fried calamari.  It came with a side of the same tasty marinara as the garlic bread.  The serving size was huge.  This would definitely be an appetizer to share with one or two other people.  I sent almost half of it back so as not to fill up on calamari but I could have finished the plate.  Lightly breaded and fried lightly, it was very good!

I chose the penne alla vodka for course two.  It was a good sized serving and it was very good.  I slowly ate the penne enjoying each bite and forcing myself to have more garlic bread.

For dessert, I opted for the raspberry cheesecake.  The cheesecake was lightly flavored with raspberry--just barely noticeable.  The top was crisp from lightly torching the top like you would a crème brûlée.  There were several black cherries on the plate that was a good accompaniment for the cheesecake.

Service was excellent.  Casey came by often and topped off my iced tea, dishes were removed promptly by bus people, and my check was taken for payment by someone who had not been at my table at all.  It was a case of everyone watching how all the guests were doing.
What a huge dissappointment!  We were looking for a place to have a nice dinner while sitting outside and getting some fresh air.  Although the reviews were mixed, I thought we would try it out anyway, big mistake.  The service was as bad as the food, which was overpriced and either too salty and/or overcooked.  They do know what al dente pasta is, but sauces were bland and way oversalted -- and I love salt.  The chicken marsala -- I thought it was probably what you would expect from the olive garden.  Our server, Donnie, was so phony and clearly more interested in the tables with young women.  You would have thought he was in the club rather than serving in the restaurant.  I would also like to add that the ice water served at the table was HORRIBLE tasting and we had no choice but to order the sparkling and I found myself wondering if this was intentional as I had not had anything that tasted so discusting in the several other area restaurants we had eaten in previous days.  I specifically also asked that the champagne be iced cold -- generally they put it on ice for a few minutes before and I did add that I was very particular about this -- clearly it came right out of the cooler as it was not cold but cool.  The hostesses and some other servers and staff were very friendly and had sincere smiles -- unlike Donnie.  Bottom line, there are too many better restauants nearby to choose from to have to settle for this!
Mediocre food in a trendy atmosphere. Expected a good meal, instead got dry and over salted chicken parm. Waiter never checked with us on how the meal was after it was dropped off by the runner. Manager came over with attitude to inquire on our complaint, but barely acknowledged it. Eat elsewhere, then come for the drinks upstairs.
The Kobe Beef Meatball and their Sangria is a good enough reason to spark my return. 
Service was eh. Rude hostesses (we got there 5 minutes after our reservation and were told because of our "tardiness we'd just have to wait). Bartender was also rude. Waiter was great. 
But that meatball was lovely.
Delicious but way too expensive
I can only speak to my restaurant experiences as I haven't yet taken part in the night club experience (and probably never will).  

The food on each of my last two visits was terrific. My wife enjoyed the Kobe meatball with ricotta cheese and I usually lean towards the chicken parm, both of which were delicious. 

The service was a whole different story. It was so bad that it takes what should be a 5 star rating down to what should be less than a "2".  

After checking in for our reservation, we opted to take a seat at the bar and have a drink before dinner (this was mistake #1). We alerted the hostess to this and she said no-problem. We were then greeted by the slowest bar tender on the planet, who struggled to tend to ourselves and 2 other customers she had at her bar (it was early in the evening and the place was nearly empty). After walking past us at least 3 times, she finally decided to stop. Seeing the disgust in my face, I immediately detected a bit of an attitude from the gal, when she asked if we needed a drink menu. A while later, another male employee hands us a drink menu. The bar isn't that big - how difficult is it to locate a drink menu? The bartender eventually returns to take our drink order, with my wife getting a glass of Pinot and I asked for a Coors Light. I was immediately told they don't have Coors Light (yet the Palazzo bar across the lobby does). In fact, you can get a Coors at darn near any bar in the Venetian or Palazzo....except at Lavo. I thought to myself, "this is the Lavo at the Palazzo and they can't walk a few feet for the overpriced beer I requested .... really? The cocktail waitresses throughout the casino can walk hundreds of yards for a customer's free beer and a lousy tip .... but god forbid the staff at Lavo walk a few feet for the customer actually paying for their beer.

We return to the attractive (but not so bright) hostess who greeted us earlier, asking to be seated. She immediately grabs my wife's Pinot and pours it into a plastic cup, saying "you can't leave with the glass". I point out to her that we're not leaving, instead, asking to be seated at our table. She then catches on to her goof and seats us. 

On to dinner. Again food was terrific but service was marginal. I ordered a baked potato with my dinner, which arrived with my meal. I asked for 2 portions of butter as I wasn't interested in their spicy butter concoction. The waiter breaks open my potato in such grand fashion and said he'd return with my butter. Roughly 10-15 minutes later, our waiter returns and asks if we needed anything. I responded, stating "yes, the butter I asked for earlier". Realizing his mistake, he hurried off. A few minutes later, I see him at another table taking drink orders. Really, my potato is colder than my ice water and he's taking drink orders? Eventually, he returns with a rock hard piece of butter (looked like a bar of soap), which never melts on my potato. I didn't eat it as I wanted him and hopefully the Manager to see the state of the potato with un-melted butter. 

The bill arrives and the waiter indicates that the $11 potato was removed by his Manager, the same Manager who was too busy to walk about the restaurant and check on customers??? Low class joint. 

The food is very good but the staff and the service they provide was far from Venetian or Palazzo standards. They should hire fewer "pretty" people and more "skilled" service professionals. They tout the place as "fine dining" but I've gotten 10x better service from the Grand Lux Café and The Coffee Bean in the hotel.

Never returning.
Super cool place and we were sat almost immediately and accommodated with a new table.   Our drink and appetizer orders were quick.  Our meal of simple stuff took almost 40 minutes.  Once it arrived it was good although the Kobe meatball was very salty and it and the cheese ravioli were Luke warm.
Had a ressie for 9:30...showed up...was given a beeper as if i had not made a ressie...excited for the food...not excited to tip
Great ambiance, decor, service and food. The Oreo dessert is to die for! Ryan was super helpful and made us feel like VIP. Definitely worth making it on your to do list for when visiting Vegas
Always a number nice experience when I go here,say hi to Roger in the bar upstairs he is a world class mixologist

Try the 1 lbs meatball with the ricotta cheese it is the best , good for 2 people unless your hungry
A friend and I had dinner here and was treated great by Sal. 
THE MUSIC SUCKS! SO NOT FOR THIS SETTING! COME ON GUYS! REALLY? So loud at points.
We both ordered things to share. 
Meatball, tender , pretty good,
Lobster Ravioli, very good.
(Another pasta  dish) forgettable! Pasta was was undercooked, when we mention it - was told oh it's typical for it's a thick pasta; really? I disagree. They did offer to make another and or replace.
We ordered 2 side veggies, Asparagus and Rosemary potatoes =  Nothing great about these, just what it is, but WAY small portions and WAY over priced!
Had some great cocktails. 
Dessert =  20 layer cake , really good, rich  but good worth it.
Fried Oreo Z's. AMAZING! A must try. 
I think over all I'd give these guys a  another try, just different items next time. 
NOTE: If your going to charge that much,  make it worth it including the ambiance. Just was off with that crazy music you played.
Beautiful decor, just whole place didn't blend, off?
Most probably the worst Italian food I ever had .....the meatballs they talk so highly about were salty, the pasta was not fresh and tasted like it came out of a package! 
The sangria was made with frozen fruit not fresh and worst of all I asked for no bacon in my pasta for kosher reasons and the waiter put my plate down and stated no bacon as to which it was covered in bacon and couldn't eat it! 
My husband went to the manager to complain so he comped the pasta but the manager did not once come to the table to apologize ! Disgusting food and poor management and won't be returning !
Let me start by saying we had eaten in a few places in Las Vegas on this trip expecting to be blown away only to be disappointed.  Lavo was our last chance... And finally... What we expected!!!  We are on their patio which was a beautiful view of the strip. We started with a cocktail to unwind as we looked over the menu. We knew we were going to go heavy food wise so we choose a lighter app... The tuna tartar ( I wanted one of the giant meatballs but my girl said it would be too much, we did see them tho... She admitted it looked as if she made the right choice by the size). The tartar was amazing. Next we choose a moderate wine ($85) The Molly Dooker... Great blend. Our entrees were excellent as well. The real treat was the tiramisu... One of the best I have ever had. Our service was one of the best we had on our trip as two servers tag teamed their patio. I highly recommend for great Italian to give Lavo a try... You won't be disappointed
Worst Italian food I ever had,  both dishes me and my boyfriend had was super super salty,  it's so salty that hurts my tongue and I have to keep drinking water. The best food maybe was the complimentary garlic bread....
Went for a friend's bachelorette dinner and was not impressed at all.  Service was pretty much non-existent (the server didn't check on how our food was), the food came out almost cold, and the taste was just mediocre.  The ambience is ok for small tables as music is loud, making it difficult to converse with a large group.  But then again, I wouldn't waste your $ on this place.
Terrible experience.    They lost our reservation for an Anniversary dinner .... we ends up seated between multiple other couples...music too loud to hear each other talk...he salami plate was one of the weakest presentations we have had....Caesar was over dressed and salty and the main course of veal parm was overcooked and salty.  The only highlight was our server and the wine.   So many better options for Italian in Vegas!
My wife and I were in Vegas for our 10 year anniversary and looking for somewhere with a nice atmosphere and view for dinner.  I read some reviews and decided to make a reservation at Lavo.  We were not disappointed. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the view of the strip and beautiful evening weather. The appetizers were excellent and main courses too.  The best part was the fried Oreos that our waitress recommended.  They may be the best thing I have ever tasted.  Be sure to save room for desert.  There was music playing, but it was not nearly as loud or distracting as some of the reviews made it sound.  Everything about our experience was top notch.  Will definitely be back on our next trip
Amazing! Have to try the Sunday Brunch. Great food and atomsphere!!
Get the meatball! Seriously, it is so awesome! We had some chicken Marsala as well, but I could have easily eaten meatballs all night.  The drinks were really good as well, and we sat outside so we could people watch on the strip. We will be here again soon!
3.5/5 for me

Make sure to make reservations, as it was packed!   The food was good and service was very attentive.

I recommend the flatbreads - Magherita and Porchetta

Pastas were all good and everyone in my party was happy that they were cooked al dente but maybe just a bit too much sauce on the rigatoni alla melanzane and ricotta cavatelli.

Buon appetito
This review is for the brunch at Lavo on a Sunday. We were a large group of 10 ladies. While service was OK and understandably so due to the large number of similar all-woman tables, the biggest problem wasn't the service, it was the food. None of the dishes we ordered were any good. No one at the table was pleased. My chicken in my caesar salad was dry and tasteless, the eggs benedict was undercooked, the steak was dry, and the rest was mediocre. The decor is great and the club is worth it. The brunch, not so much!
little disappointed with the waiters recommendation of the sea bass.. quite citrusy and unimaginative overall  with just those sliced cherry tomatoes, red and yellow.. the fish was not fresh.. I have to say the the large meatball appetizer was really nice..
Absolutely delicious and great service.

The garlic bread was delicious and probably the best I've had at any restaurant.  The linguine with mixed seafood was also amazing- with the spicy sauce, mussels, shrimp, scallops, and clams!  The truffle fries are also delicious as well. 

Must try.
Nice and swanky!
The food is good also. It's pretty much a bar scene, but hey, it's Vegas!
It's loud so probably not the best place for a romantic meal or a business meeting. 
You go here to have fun, eat good food and drink until you black-out. Ok maybe that's a bit extreme, but the place could do it to you.
Oh and the selection of food and drinks are enormous. You will find something here to satisfy you.
Don't forget to try one of the delicious desserts. Yum!
I had a hankering for pasta and Lavo hit the spot. After parking in the Palazzo and trekking it to the Venetian, did I realize the Lavo is in the Palazzo.  My suggestion is park in the Palazzo and look for the signs showing guest registration and you will run into Lavo. They do accept reservations so call ahead especially on busy nights. 

After three weeks of low carbing, pasta was the only thing on my mind. With a plethora of Italian restaurants off the strip, out of all the reviews, Lavo seemed to fit.  I chose to sit out on the patio, despite being 10pm it was still a cool 93F outside. With EDM playing in the background and the glimmering lights from the strip, it gives Lavo a very trendy feel.  

They start you off with complimentary garlic bread wrapped in foil to keep it absolutely straight out of the oven warm. Paired with a red dipping sauce, it melted in my mouth. What was a portion intended for two people did not hold a chance once I began to devour the little bites of heaven. 

On to the entree. Spaghetti carbonara had my name or should I say my stomach written all over it.  The plate looks deceptively small but once you dig in to the mound of pasta, you know you are gonna walk away satisfied with the portion. The spaghetti carbonara did not disappoint. It was rich in flavor and solid meal all around. It's not the best I have had but considering the location and the ambiance, Lavo definitely deserves 5 stars.  

I finished the meal with a white chocolate breading pudding. I wasn't expecting much when I ordered it but wow, what a surprise. It wasn't overpowering or too sweet. It had all the warm elements of a bread pudding with a slight bitter but sweet white chocolate taste. I had had gone into carb heaven a almost went comatose. 

If you are looking for a trendy Italian Las Vegas hot spot, Lavo will not disappoint.
Beautiful trendy place, ambiance is great for a dinner before going out in Vegas. Food was good as well.
Zero.  I have eaten here before and the food was pretty good, but here's my story.  My wife and I were looking for somewhere to eat.  We walked in about 4:45, when they opened at five.  I told them we would be right back at five and wanted a table for 2.   Since I couldn't wait in the bar for 15 minutes, I told them that I was going to walk around the corner, grab two wines and be back at 5:00.  

My wife and I got some over-priced glasses of wine ($40) in the Casino bar and walked back at 5:00.  The male manager stood there and gave me this look of disdain and in a snotty tone said "You can't bring in any outside drinks.  You'll have the pour them out."   

I just started laughing at him.  Really?  Are you the effing TSA?  Pour out $40...for you?  You just saw me 15 minutes ago, it's not like I am sneaking in with a case of beer.  What if I brought in my own expensive wine bottle?  Do you not have a corking fee?   

NEVER again will I walk through these doors.  They lost a $400+ bill.  We hopped in a cab and went to Olives at Bellagio and dropped $450.  Patron - 1.  Lavo- 0.  

Crappy service, begets a crappy response and something posted forever on the internet.
If you're looking for traditional Italian comfort food then this isn't the place. If you're into loud music and nice decor with okay food then you're looking in the right spot. A lot of the menu is seafood based and leaves little options if you're not into that. My wife had Spaghetti Carbonara which was not bad, but wasn't anything to write home to Ma and tell her I found a replacement for her Rigatoni Carbonara. I had the Cavatelli at the suggestion of the server (after discussing not having a Pesto based pasta) and it was less than impressive. I think I could have had spaghetti and meat balls and been more pleased. Both entrees were heavy on the salt, with the Cavatelli being so much that I could barely finish it. The table was uncomfortable to sit at. The base is so large that when you pull your chair up to it your legs have to sit outside the edges of the table itself. In all, it was okay, but for a $70 meal for two, I would have expected more. I guess we have been ruined by so many great menu choices from The Hill.
Firstly, the place is great. Very sexy and a cool patio. Plenty of seats to lounge at in a large group. The food and the drinks were tasty, but the SERVICE...where do I begin...The place wasn't very busy when we arrived at 9 on a weeknight. The bartender was rude and acted like we were bothering him. We sat outside in the patio and it took FOREVER for the Asian server girl to greet or offer her serverness. She was rude and standoffish. I made a comment to another server about getting the manager and she quickly changed her tune, but the damage was done. The Treasure Island show can cancelled due to wind advisory so that was a bummer too. We went to the lounge around 10 and it was drab and lifeless. I realize it was early in the night for Vegas, but the Trance music was meh. The bartenders up there though,  we're a 180 from the ones downstairs- nice, approachable, talkative, respectful, attentive... But the vibe for the place just wasn't there for me that night. I will likely not go back unless there's someone majorly cool as a guest.
Went here last Wednesday.   I ordered what I was told a popular items: Kobe meatball with ricotta.  I also age chicken parmesan with a dice of Pene pasta.  For desert their oreo malt.  I spit all of this with a friend.  Thr meatball was so salty we both could not eat it.  The server could have cared less when he asked why we did not eat it.  The chicken was bland and basic.  Finally the malt.  My fault here because I guess I did not read the menu clearly because was mini size with a plate of deep fried Oreos.  I thought it was just a oreo malt. 

All in all I will never go back.  Too many othet choices in vegas with much better food.
Delicious Lobster Louie Salad. Dinner comes with delicious garlic bread. Waiters and Waitresses are friendly and have great customer service. Elegant place to have a nice Italian dinner. Kumil Kandahari
Terrible service and they can't efficiently handle a party of 11.  
We had reservations for 7:30pm on a night that we needed to leave by 8:30pm to make a show.  We told out waitress this and she said no problem.  My wife ordered a soda from the waitress and it never came.  They put us at the end of the table, right where the walkway for the wait staff was.  Two out of three of them bumped into my chair each and every time they went past.  I scooted in as far as I could go.

The menu is al a cart, so get ready for Vegas food price gouging!  

At 8:32pm, our food still had not shown, so we left.  Went to the show and had pretzels and beer.  When we left we went back to the Ventian, but not to LAVO.  Not EVER!

Had a good late night meal at Grand LUX Cafe.  Good food there!
Honestly expected more.  The food was mediocre at best and WAY overpriced.   First time ever that I've paid for extra bread.  Service was ok.  Nice atmosphere.  Chef wouldn't add spices I requested.  Blandest tuna steak I've  ever eaten.  I make it better myself. Add $40-$50 for water and bread.
We had a great time dining here. We set a reservation and decided to sit outside.

Their garlic bread wrapped in foil was amazing! It also came with a red dipping sauce that went well with the bread.

We ordered the Roasted Chilean Sea Bass - amazing and perfectly cooked, not too crispy on the outside and melted right in the center. It came with heirloom tomatoes and crispy portabella mushrooms. My wife ordered the Center Cut Filet - medium. Cooked well and had good flavor. We also had a side of the Thumbelina Carrots, which were enough for two - good flavor with the gorgonzola and shaved beets.

Our server did a good job and it was a great dining experience overall.
Decided on LAVO since it was probably the closest place to eat in our hotel. So glad we did! We got sat right away, were greeted by our server ( who btw not only was awesome but very handsome) . They are also dressed very nice with suspenders. The coffee there was great. And i' m super picky as I drink coffee everywhere I go. Brunch was also awesome, they served us different breads-pastries while we waited for our meal which was delicious to say the least. Everyone there was super nice and even stopped to converse with us. I would definitely go back again. 5 stars on my list.
who cares about anything else? just get the meatball. 


Pizza was pretty good as well.
Very disappointed in Lavo Las Vegas. I had eaten at the one in NYC and it was good. But this one in Vegas was a terrible experience. I had taken 8 clients there for dinner and no one liked their food. The meatball app was the only thing decent to eat. I ordered their chicken dish and it was so dry I had to chase it down with water to even swallow it. My wife ordered the Pena Ala Vodka and it was dry wife no sauce. Like it had been under a heat lamp for hours. Bottom line: Over rated. Dry food. Simply blows!
Tell the chef to balance the size of the dishes. The best part of my meal was the bread.
Our server was fantastic, although his name escapes me at the moment (tall, very short hair). I complimented the manager on the entire experience. At fancier restaurants, I tend to notice that my boyfriend and I (both in our early-mid twenty's) do not get the same attention as the group of businessmen that are sitting at the table two down from us. I understand the stereotype, especially because younger people usually can't afford to eat out at places of this one's stature. However, this was definitely not the case here. 

Our server greeted us right away and offered us cocktails, although we both only ordered water. He walked us through the menu, giving suggestions, explaining the food & specialty items and answering my  myriad of questions with patience and a smile.

We started with the Tuna Tartare Appetizer, which was out of this world. The tuna was fresh and the sauce complimented it perfectly. 

I had the minestrone soup after that, which was also good, but nothing extraordinary.

For dinner, I had the rock shrimp lemon zest risotto. And WOW, my mouth still waters just thinking about it.

My boyfriend had the Bone in Filet. The flavor was unmatched. I've been to many a fancy steakhouses, but this was the best bone in filet I'd ever had. Although it came out EXACTLY as our server described it, there was no irritation when my boyfriend asked for it to be cooked a little bit more before we packed it to go.

Overall, everything was wonderful. I wish I didn't live quite so far away, or this would quickly become a weekly favorite.
Ugh. As if i havent sung this place enough praises, here I am writing another review for it. So, second time in Vegas for 4th of july vaca. Brought a new group of girls to indulge with me and everything was just as delicious as I last left it. From the time they bring you the garlic bread and marinara, just lean back and unbuckle your belt/corsets to make room, cause everything is so effing delicious. Apparently I fell into a trance and started licking the sauce off the table with my fingers. Wow. Moving on, I had my chilean seabass with a side of mushrooms, it was perfection as usual. Others ordered a risotto, a seafood Alfredo, rave reviews on the texture and freshness for both, a marinara pizza, long classic flavorful, a lobster bisque, not my fave, they make theirs taste too gingery I find, but it does have big delish chunks of lobster. But let me bring it back because the MVP of our dinner was the calamari. Again, wow, simples done right, nice and crisp tight batter and the meaty perfectly sized hoops, again dunking into that heavenly marinara. Once again, I haven't made it as far as desert cause we're always so stuffed before entrees even come, portions are huge, plus the drinks are great, we always enjoy gummi bear shots, and sparkling selections. Ugh, just so much winning to do here. Service was kind and prompt as usual, last hear we had a really cool brunette guy who comped us some shots, this time we had a lady with a short blunt cut bob, she was very nice and cautious of bringing everything quickly for us, knowing that we had to go somewhere after, and she even comped a dish for a girl who felt the pasta in her alfredo was a little too hard, and brought out a recooked version out of courtesy. Thats good service in my book, treat your customers like you truly want them to enjoy their food and experience at all costs, and that keeps us coming back. Also, I have another Lavo location here in NY that I've dined at before to get a fix for my favorites, but its just nowhere near as delish. They cook with extra love at this Vegas location, totally worth flying out 5 hours for! Sidenote, I'm disappointed to see they closed their nightclub part. Had really good times there last year (retroactive shoutouts to the chocolate cutie who used to work there named Noah ;-) Now they just have a cocktail/hookah lounge, that was actually closed on the Sunday we went so place was pretty quiet and chill. Its all good, we had limos and bottles waiting elsewhere to turn up, this dinner was still worth all of our attention!
Went there on a  Saturday night (7/5) to celebrate my friends 30th bday. There were 11 of us and Justin was our server. Took him a little while to get started but after the hump he and Lavo was AMAZING, Meatballs.. TO  DIE FOR! Food was good venue amazing and drinks were delish. Great place to come. A little Pricey but who cares! It was worth it!
Ok, so by now - anyone who's read several of my reviews knows i can't figure out the 1/2 star click, hence many ratings are leaning toward 4 stars!   

This place would really go 3 1/2 stars but I like it just cuz I LIKE it - so I bumped them up to 4 stars!! 

I stopped in there on Sunday (I eat out WAY too much!!).  
I didn't realize it when I got in there ... and it wasn't until the bill came that, much to my surprise, it was 1/2 off day!!  1/2 off the ENTIRE food menu!!   NIIIIIICE!!   Looks like Sundays are 1/2 off days.....

My 'weight watching' was out the window and on my table was a great skillet of the garlic / fetta fries!  ohhh they are sooo good! Tangy and saucy but the fries are golden and crisp on the outside, soft on the inside!!

I had the Mediterranean wrap ... it's very good!! I couldn't finish it all - it's a good size wrap (and note the garlic cheese fries mentioned above? yah, i think i ate most of them!!) 
Regardless, the wrap was fully loaded, a good amount of chicken and sauce inside, but not crazy amounts. 

My date had a burger, which upon the first two bites, he said 'wow! this is a really good burger!'  So i take that as his complete and full review!!  The bun looked like a real 'bakery' type roll - which even if it wasn't, it looked and tasted that way!  The burger itself was cooked nicely and very juicy - good qualities in a burger! 

So  - one side of the garlic/cheese fries, a wrap, a burger and an ice tea and water  ....total was $11 (and change) ....that's a freakin GREAT DEAL!   Good food, half the price!

It really wasn't busy and i've been in there another time and it was the same - not busy. 

On the somewhat odd side, both times it had a very 'clean' smell to the place.  Although I do appreciate they take their cleanliness seriously, maybe backdown on the pine sol just a tad!  

Go check 'em out ... good stuff!!
I came here with my Sunday date guy, and I had a good time.  It was late, and we wanted something simple.  We ended up coming here because it was open, and neither of us had been here before.

I liked the fact that Sunday, from 4-10 is half off everything!  The entire menu!!!  We had a great meal there, and it cost us $14.50.  Loved it!
Off the wall food, with good taste and an amazingly good price. 

A college town needs a good place to score cheap food, with cheap drinks. It's easy to discount a place that doesn't have a bunch of people already inside, but this place is great of you want a nicely size bite to eat. 

Their menu has Greek classics, in addition to american foods.  I loved it, and would come back, the next time I need good food, for a cheap price.
I honestly can't figure out why this place isn't packed 24/7!  Hubby and I have been here a few times and we love it.(Ok I guess we probably start a little early for you young folk!) Cheap bottled beer and the menu items seem to be half price every time we go. I think the staff is small, I remember the server from the first time, she's cool. Didn't catch her name, shame on me. A guy came out from the kitchen to take our food order, seen him before too. Didn't catch his name either, I suck. Very nice guy, brought our pizza out and made sure it looked right to us. I had a cheap salad again, no mystery there. That's how I roll. Good though. I can tell it's not that package salad crap, it's handmade and fresh. We really like this place, all the food we've had has been really good. Not your typical bar type food, lots of cool choices. The music has always been nice and loud, mostly 80's or 90's stuff. We'll come back a lot!
Great food at reasonable prices. I've had lunch here twice so far, and will definitely be back. Friendly staff, very accommodating.

Update 2/27/2010: I've been back 3 or 4 times since, and still enjoy going here.
We too were lured in by the hostess...and her offer of half off food. :)

A cute waitress quickly greeted us and sat us at a table. 2-for-1 special was also in effect...how lucky are we?!  We looked over a very tasty looking menu, but in the end an urge for gyros locked in our pick.  We ordered a Gyro burger, a regular gyro and tossed in two small Greek salads.   The salads came out first and left us wishing we would have ordered the large!  Not because they skimped, but it was just very tasty.
The gyro meat was super tender and can't remember when we have eaten better.  

Hate eggplant, but I really wanted to order the baba ghanoush. In the end, I just kept repeating "baba ghanoush" all night....love the way it sounds! :)

We had great service all night and look forward to eating here next time we are in Tempe.

One recommendation....put some felt protectors on the feet of the chairs.  The metal on tile sound had the same effect as fingernails on a chalkboard.....aaaaaaw!
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):
7 Food
8 Service
7 Atmosphere
10 Value

3.5 stars really.  I just couldn't quite do the 4.  The fact that food was half off (4-10pm on weekends!) was awesome!  The schwarma was good, but the falafel was kind of dry and avoid the fried pita if you get hummus - get soft pita instead.  The hummus itself was very good though, as well as the healthy portion of chicken we got on top of it.

The taps are slim pickins', but the service is very friendly and the space cozy.  Again, half-off the food was MONEY.  Large hummus plate w/ chicken + 2 wraps + 2 beers = $18 (before tip).  Wow!
Crave Cafe reminds me of a place people trying to look trendy and hip go to grab a bite and drink. The cramped tables and narrow restaurant doesn't look conducive to actually eating a meal, but the pizzas, regularly priced at $12, were $7 so why not? The place is way less expensive than the vibe it gives off when walking past on Mill Street. 

The restaurant was pretty much empty minus some guy at the bar who looked like the Dude from the "Big Lebowski" sipping on a beer. They had flat screen televisions in virtually every corner of the restaurant so I was able to catch up on sports highlights while dipping my pita into some hummus. Since I was on vacation and had pretty much separated myself from the world, Crave was like a slice of heaven. The Bears lost?! The Patriots aren't going to have home-team advantage?!  And yep, the Lions still suck. Too bad the food wasn't anything special. 

We ordered hummus as an appetizer and it was sort of plain. I've bought better hummus from the grocery store. After being swayed away from the pizza in favor of the $6 Mediterranean chicken sandwich on lavish bread I was rather disappointed. The sandwich was big, but it was mostly lettuce and bread. Not a whole lot of chicken at all. The Greek dressing was absolutely delicious though.

I think I'd rather drink and eat an appetizer at Crave than actually an entire meal. My friends loved their pizza so maybe I just made a bad decision.  And the service was great so I give this place three and a half stars.
We were walking down Mill Ave. Looking for a place to eat, when out of nowhere, the hostess in front of Crave says, "Half off all food and drinks."  The place looked alright, so that was all me and my friends needed to hear. We were seated and instantly had our drink order taken which was cool, but the food was the best part...they serve Greek/Medeteranean food and it was probably the best I've ever had...I ordered the chicken shwarmawhich was delicious with the garlic sauce...but the best thing was the gyro meat...ridiculously good!!!  Plus the service was great!!! Cheap drinks...
$4 redbull and vodkas
$4 yagerbombs
$4 long island iced teas
$2 budlights
and cheap food make Chuck one happy guy!!!
We went in for the $1 drafts. The food was half price so we decided to try the falafel platter. It came out very quick but it really wasn't that good. The falafel was hard and dry, like little hockey pucks. The tzaziki tasted like it came out of a plastic container. The pita bread, hummus, and veggies were okay, but again, nothing great. Just go for alcohol.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The drinks were good and the food decent - not to mention half off. The service was good and the atmosphere is kind of cozy and chill. I'm a bit of a people watcher and for some reason each time I have gone I am amazed at the random array of patrons. My one caution for you is avoid the fried pita- it just didn't work especially with the hummus.
I come here about twice a month for lunch. The food is decent, I really like the roasted chicken sandwich. Their ice tea sucks, the schwarma is decent and the service is always excellent. Great spot when you're in a hurry, but the best part is they have excellent specials. 

For example today I had a roasted chicken sandwich and sweet potato waffle fries for 5 bucks!
I've only been here on weekend evenings when Crave Cafe becomes a lounge. Prior to my visits to Crave, my friends and I would pass Crave and notice they would play a pretty good mix of top 40 hits that made you wanna dance to the beat. 

Anywho, a friend of mine has the hook up at this place, and apparently on Sunday nights it's 2-4-1s until midnight (eh.). It's a narrow space. Basically the moment you walk into the lounge, it's the dance floor/lounge area, then the bar, down a long hallway, and before the patio are the tiny ass bathrooms and then the patio... it's tiny. But with good beats, no cover, and bartenders who can mix alright drinks, this is not a bad place to stop at when you go bar-hopping on Mill Ave on a Fri and Sat. night.
I'm loving the music ...I can definitely dance to it!
I'm loving the space...enough people in the bar, but there was still space to catch a breath.
I'm loving the cheap ass prices....dang $18 bucks for 3 drinks?  Can't find that at many places!

...But then I tried the drink.  Wow that was not grey goose with pineapple juice!!!  I dunno what kind of pineapple juice they are serving, but ...ew!  I know I sound like I am over reacting, but cmon, I was having such a good time at this place that their alcoholic drink, was a buzz kill.  My friend ordered a Stella and she said that tasted weird to.  Ionno man, whatchu doing with your drinks??

Crave you fail me for your yucky beverages!
This is a nice cafe to come to for a tasty meal and a few drinks when you're in the ASU-Mill Avenue area of Tempe. The servers are friendly and attentive, the food is good (and half price on weekends from late afternoon to early evening), and the atmosphere is very informal. Outdoor dining is available both front and back of the cafe, which is good especially if you don't prefer the somewhat loud music inside.
Ha! This place is funny.. I am only reviewing the Bar at night ..

Having been  here a total of three times now so I think I can fairly evaluate this place with a good average of experiences to formulate 
an articulate and befitting summary of my opinion of this establishment:

If you want to get yer drink on and yer swerve on with an assortment of homies and rather drunk frat guys this is yer stop cuzz.
Five doodz crowded aroung the one 8-ish ( scale) girl in the room is not my idea of a Part'e.. or even a good time really.
I am not into C-low and ladies if you are out to meet a man with gold in his teeth workin on that grillz step up and get yer shake on.

My hat is not twisted to the side, my pants are not at my knees and I certainly did not stumble in from the Mill Avenue cue club.
I will give them the fact hey don't over charge for the drinks, but ehh thats about it.. 

I can remember thinking to my self.. Self why am I here.
Self am I and my friend too old to appreciate this?
Am I the second oldest guy in the room?
Who knows what that other guy was doing there. 
I didn't ask him any questions.

The charm and glamor of the 20 something girl who like a sirens song led me into the rocks of this place will not get me again..
 Fool me three times shame on you..Anything past that I think I know what I am getting myself into anyway.

Reading the reviews about the restaurant I will try this place again in the day time but avoid it and stumble a few doors down to another place before I get into a cab for the long ride home.
Anyone who knows me also knows that I'm not a fan of Crave on weekend nights. I just don't like the crowd it attracts - I'm a Cue/Zuma person. This past weekend, however, I saw Crave in a whole new light when my friend suggested we try it for lunch. 

I'm a huge Mediterranean food junkie and the Crave kitchen really impressed me! It was pretty busy when we went in and the entire menu was 50% off (every Sunday).  Between the 2 of us we had Greek fries, Greek salad and a chicken Shawarma plate. Total bill = $14. 

Another positive note: the restaurant was totally transformed from what it looks like at night, and it was very clean. I'll be back for lunch some day!
I went here because it showed up as a hookah lounge on my phone. Also, because the music sounded decent from outside plus the half off on drinks. Can't beat that. :)

First, let me say the food was OH SO GOOD. And such a large portion too. Excellent food.

The DJ came in.....and he was quite lame. Like every other song he played was "danceable". ((it was this fact that made me leave))

The hookah was....well pretty damn awful. They used their own store brand, which should have been my indication, but I wanted it anyway. Plus my friend never had hookah and I wanted to treat him.
The flavors were lame and the coal they used! They only give you one piece! And it was a brand that is really "chemically"(lack of a better word))

Bottom line...
FOOD-GREAT
MUSIC-HIT or MISS
HOOKAH-LAME
Came in for lunch and was very happy. I had the classic burger with garlic fries. I'm not sure what the sauce had in it but it was somewhat sweet. I liked it. Also had hummus with fried pita bread. Very good a well. The staff was friendly and service was very good.I would stop in again.
1.5 stars. WORST. SERVICE. EVER.

our waiter seemed completely clueless. kept mixing up orders. he disappeared for awhile...we were finished eating for at least an hour before he even showed up at our table again. trying to flag him down was nearly impossible. the checks weren't even calculated right. he never came back to the table, so our whole party ended up getting up to go pay for our stuff at the bar. seriously, how is it that a different group that came in at least an hour after, ate and left before we did? 

at least the food was good and they have good happy hour specials. thats the only reason why i would even consider coming back.
I came in because the chalkboard on the wall said "$1 Coronas" and it is 107 out today. Sounded like a good way to cool off.

Went in. Only person there. Ordered a corona. Waited about 2 min for them to give it too me. I ordered the beer & it took the guy 2 min to get me a beer & lime slice in the middle of the day when I'm the ONLY customer AND I'm sitting AT THE BAR where I can almost reach them myself!?!?!?

I get the beer and they tell me it's $4. I'm like "What about the sign outside?"
Him - "Oh that's just for ladies. Sunday is ladies special."
Fine. Whatever. I paid because I was a hot & bit hung over and a cold beer was sitting right in front of me.

I ordered some hummus w/chicken  & bread because it was 1/2 off.
There was only 1 piece of pita cut up and arranged to make it look like there was more. There was a fair amount of hummus but it was the worst I've ever had. If they made "instant hummus" that came in a powder where you could just mix with water then this would have been the generic wal-mart brand of that
It still cost $5 when it was 1/2 price so that means normally they charge $10 for it. Rape.

I was still thirsty and they had Jager-bombs on "Special" for $5 (not much of a special IMO) and I ordered one for the "wings" I hoped it would give me.
They brought out a jager & red-bull mixed in a glass.
To clarify for those of you that don't know a Jager-bomb, by definition, is Jager in a shot glass dropped into a glass of energy drink.
A Jager-Red-bull is the two mixed in a glass.
It changes the taste and is a DIFFERENT drink even in bartender guides.

Then they wanted to ARGUE with me about what a Jager-Bomber was because apparently the customer is NEVER right to these guys. The argument was over when I pulled up www.Jagermeister.com on my laptop and showed them the official definition of a Jager-Bomber according to the manufacturer of the liquor..

It was also noisy. I like music or TV or w/e in most places but they had a radio AND TVs up loud and the mix of the two was just an annoying noise. 

I complained to the manager and he gave me a few of their businesses cards that I could use for $1 Millerl Lites like it was something special to make up for everything. (There were also a stack of these cards I noticed on my way out that ANYONE could grab) Basically treating me like I'm retarded and brushing off my complaint without really doing anything to fix it.

I will never be back here. I wish it was still the Philly cheese-steak shop that it used to be years ago.

I'm sitting in here on their free wi-fi as I write this.
It's almost like shooting someone with their own gun.
we're on a coupon roll for restaurants lately. after the tour de fat today, we hit up crave for some lunch. for an hour, we were the only folks in there. the decor is cool, but the music was kind of loud for such a small place. 

we were in no rush, so it was ok that there was only one server because it took a while for everything, but he was extremely attentive and polite. i was a bit surprised to find so many "non-mediterranean" items on the menu, especially the limited vegan/vegetarian options. but no matter, we can always eat a salad if need be. 

my girl got the falafel platter and it was VERY good! the gyro meat on on companions dish smelled delicious and i wanted to give up the no-meat lifestyle right away. my fish and chips were good, as fish and chips go. the babaaaaaaaaah ganoooooosh side was quite enjoyable as a dipping sauce for the fish. 

we would've spent 60 bucks for the four of us (no alcoholic drinks), but only paid 16 since we had the coupon, so i guess it's expensive, but not today!
Hot mess.  Reviewing for nightlife, not food, though based on my experience and fellow Yelp reviews, I'd hardly try this place for a meal.  Went out with friends after an out-of-town friend wanted to hookah it up and another friend said he knew the owner of the place.  We got a table, ordered unlimited flavors and watched the ridiculous display begin.  Bouncers moonlight as servers, bringing hookahs and helping out as needed - unfortunately, some were much better than others with attentiveness and service.  Very frustrating and a waste of the unlimited flavors.  This could have been partially because of the fact that the majority of the clientele were three sheets to the wind.  Not a problem except for the fact that in our short time there, not one, not two, but three people threw up on themselves right next to us.  Also had a lot of people come try to sit at our table when people in our party went to the bathroom or the bar - mostly guys hitting on the girls in our group and trying to bum off the hookah.  Watched a group of guys swoop in and commandeer another table's hookah after the 21st birthday girl threw up on the table and their party left abruptly.  I'll pay for my hookah, thank you.

Last call and the place is a sloppy mess - I literally had to stretch my feet out in my heels to keep my shoes on my feet, the floor was so sticky.  Made it out just in time to see one of the guys who was trying to bogart our table get hogtied and arrested on Mill.  Random.

Shan't return.
I have been visiting this location since they were "La Pita".  The food is almost always very good, and while today was no exception to this, I won't be returning.

The service was "good enough", though the server was a bit cold and vacuous of any emotion or energy.  Upon paying for my meal though, somewhere between charging my debit card and walking the receipts back to my table, the server managed to lose my card.

I checked all around my area, even in my wallet and pockets to make sure I hadn't absentmindedly placed it elsewhere.  When I confronted her on still having my card, she went into full-on ignorant moron mode and denied still having it, claiming that she had already given it to me.  I started out polite enough, but her detached "I don't care" attitude quickly made me angry enough to demand to talk to the owner.

Once the owner showed up (Benny), her attitude softened a bit, but not much.  For his part, Benny seems like a nice enough fellow and apologized many times over.

In the hunt for my card, the source of the foul oder where I was sitting was also found.  An old beer bottle that had a shallow amount of completely rancid liquid was found behind one of the seats where I was.  Cleanliness is not their forte and I am considering a call to the health department as well.

As to if my card was actually stolen, misplaced or truly lost -- who knows? But I won't be going back and I will be sure to share the tale of my experience at Crave with any who are considering going there.

Edit: They also have a pretty long list of health violations recently with the county health department.

http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDown&in_insp_id=1511798&cat=02&type=01
All the bartenders know how to treat their customers, WITH AWESOMENESS!
Woooo boy! Some harsh reviews on the poor little unassuming hookah/gangsta rap hangout known as Crave. 

Well allow me to retort. Crave is excellent for what it is - a mish mash of hookah, cheap drinks, and good food specials. It's a great spot to pre drink without dropping a hundred bucks if you're with those annoying friends who feel like they need to go out before 11. 

The food specials are solid as well. As Sunny mentioned, five bucks can get you anything from a hummus plate to a quesadilla to a solid sandwich combo. Throw in a couple $2 beers or mixed drink and you've got yourself an excellent post work wind down. 

The music selection does get pretty gangsta on the weekends, but if you are just looking to avoid the long lines at Cue or Zuma, and want a cheap drink while you're doing it, Crave is the place to be. 

On a side note, I've never lost my card or witnessed anyone puking.
Good times. I'm a regular down on Mill Ave. but it  wasn't until last weekend that me and my girl friends tried this place out! The hostess outside was very friendly and told us about the $1 corona special for ladies so we had to stop in for a quick drink. After seating us down, our waitress told us about the everyday happy hour special which made almost all of the food items 1/2 priced. I ordered the roasted chicken panini with greek fries and was nothing short of impressed. My friend ordered the Greek burger and said it was the best burger she's ever had.  Besides the great prices and food, our service was fantastic. The staff was all very friendly and took great care of us our entire stay there which ended up being several hours. If you're looking for a place with some awesome food, awesome drinks, and overall great time, you gotta try this place out!
We had a great dinner here a few weeks ago. New to the area, my boyfriend and I were exploring the East side of Phoenix and were checking out Mill Avenue. We were in search of a vegan friendly restaurant and Mediterranean food usually fits the bill. My Big Fat Greek is absolutely terrible so we decided to try this little joint. The woman at the door welcoming people in off the street was so warm and friendly. Apparently she is the mother of one of the owners. We were seated at one of the few tables outside. Inside we could see that the bar was quite busy and all seemed to be having a good time. Our waitress came along shortly and adjusted the stand-alone heater next to our table. I ordered the falafel plate and the baba ghanouj. The falafel was actually really good and the baba ghanouj was some of the best I ever had and was served with crispy pita chips. They had a half off bottle of wine special and were able to re-cork the bottle so we could take it home. The owner came out to speak with us towards the end of our meal and mentioned all the different events they have including a live DJ on certain nights. I believe they also have a discount for people who work for the city.
Normally I would give a restaurant the benefit of doubt but I have been here several times since it opened and have never left happy. The hookah didn't taste great. I'm not a fan of the mini hookahs. The food wasn't bad but I'm sorry $7 for a gyro seemed like a bit much considering it doesn't come with a side. 

The bartender/server my friends and I had was incredibly rude like it was an inconvenience to even say hello. It took about 20 minutes to even get drinks and acknowledged. When I paid my tab was $7 but because my friends and I each paid separately they added a $0.50 charge per bill. To top off the experience I paid with a $10 and the server decided that the change was his tip. Normally this would have been fine if I had received better service but this time it sealed the deal on me never going back.
This little place can be good or evil....... depends on the day/time..

Well to start off I do enjoy coming here whenever i'm on this side of town. This is the best place for cheap eats thats filling and delicious... during happy hour that is... Cause you can't beat $3.50 Gyros, $6 Pizzas, etc... 
The pizzas are big enough for 2-3 people or one hung over person. Oh and just look over your check before you pay, they messed up a few times by not adding HR prices and mixing up the checks.. oh bother.

On the weekends, it's a good place to stop off for that first drink to get your feet wet. They usually do 2-4-1 drinks until 12pm, so my friend and i usually split the  cost. And well yeah those drinks can sneak up on you, so be careful.. 
 
The different times I was there I enjoyed the music they played, dance, old school hiphop...etc..
And its a mix of people so thats always nice, unlike the other places, this place has different people all the time.
I love the food...BUT the service is horrible. I am writing this update because I recently visited them again and well the service didn't change. There was at most 3 groups of ppl around 4pm and the waitress would disappear for long periods of time, for awhile we all glanced at one another and I know we all silently thought "where the heck did she go?"  We had to wave her down if we wanted something... she seemed like she didn't care to serve, but it's what you were hired for- Remember!?

I left annoyed, but full of good food:)  

(if you want to know which server i mean, she has really bad hair coloring-blond/black?)
Good not great but they have good happy hour and Sunday specials and hookah. Can't say its the best ever, but I usually am happy with my expiriance. If they didn't have hookah, I'd find somewhere else to go. If you're looking for hookah- give it a shot.
I came on a Thursday night/Friday morning. To say this place was empty would most certainly be an exaggeration but let's just say the number of people dancing was not proportional the the volume of the music. 

Drinks were good. A pint of Stella on tap ended up at about $5 which I suspect is not too bad for an import beer on Mill. Crave appears to serve food through closing but I wouldn't be surprised if they closed the kitchen a little earlier than advertised for lack of business. 

Crave also serves as a hookah bar and you can order a hookah and relax although it may be difficult to maintain a conversation. Crave also gives you several package options to buy hookahs, allowing you to mail it home. Notably, you can even buy a hookah, use it to smoke there and then have them ship it home to you. Although, as I said earlier, I somehow suspect the price to be slightly high. 

Crave had a great atmosphere and I'm sad to say I didn't go on a night when it was full up but I will be returning.
It doesn't have to be hopping to be a great place. Tasty food, great happy hour (til 9!) and a patio right on Mill Ave means 4 star. Hummus with chicken, baba ganoush (on the smokey side) and $2 Modelo are worth coming back for. Friendly waitress Julia topped it off.
I usually go into Crave on the weekends when walking down mill, but for a change, I went on a Wednesday night. They had on the front a Gyro for $5, so I said why not.

The gyro didn't come with any sides, so I ordered a side of Basmati rice as well. When the gyro came out, it looked like a Gyro, but it didn't have any feta on it. So i asked for a side of feta. I got a small 2oz cup of feta of mostly powered-looking feta, which is the bottom of the barrel.

The food was okay. The rice tasted overdone, it was clumpy and starchy like it had been hanging around too long. But the thing that got me, was that the rice that came out was like one little scoop of rice, that I had to pay $2.00 extra for. It just didn't make any sense..it probably couldn't have filled up a little 4 oz cup. Imagine having to buy rice at $4.00 per cup! That would be like $64.00 for a 1 gallon tub of cooked rice. 

When the check came the gyro was $5, the scoop of rice was $2, and the feta dust was $2.00, for about an ounce's worth of feta! I don't know where they get their feta from, but I sure hope they're not paying $32.00/lb for the stuff...

If it wasn't "happy hour" i would have had to spend another $2.00 on the Gyro: for $9-$11 for a gyro isn't worth it...at that rate, I might as well go to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant next dook or the Phoenicia Cafe and get a Gyro, fries, and a coke for $7!

I may come back later, but as far as food goes..not anymore.
Great food and drink specials coupled with a serene yet friendly atmosphere that gets excited after 10PM! Free wifi and half off select menu items all day long! Modern decor that you can lounge in all day long, couches and a patio too!
I love the staff here! They always treat me like Gold when I come by, from the service to the food this place is amazing. Every time I'm on Mill I make a point to swing by and say hi! I always feel like family!
I agree with the other reviews on here that critique Crave for its slow service and disappointment with the food presentation. I too was left wondering where the waiter was and whether he forgot about us or not. My friend ordered the Gyro and it did not come with the usual toppings that you experience at other places, lettuce, feta and tzatziki. When we asked for tzatziki, it took forever for the waiter to remember we had asked for it, and we were charged for it. I did enjoy the white sangri however, which was very delightful.
I was on a bike ride with the bf and my fambam and a Crave employee outside pulled us in with the specials. I forgot what night it was but the gyros were $5 and the appetizers were half off. OMGeee the gyros were so good and was overflowing with meat. We also got some garlic fries and hummus and everything was great. We even ordered a second order of hummus because we all demolished the first one! Service was really fast and friendly. I've also stopped here when the place turns into a bar on friday/saturday nights. It's a good place to grab a few drinks with friends without a line/cover. Will definitely return for more gyros.
Good place to go if you think you'll be hungry about an hour after you eat.  Waitress was friendly enough, but the wait to get food was absurd.  It was good after we finally got it.
It's nice to find cool places on Mill Avenue that aren't corporate, and Crave Cafe and Lounge has been feeding hungry students and the like tasty Mediterranean and American food for years.

The small locally owned restaurant is cozy and welcoming, with dim red lights, tables situated closely together and a little bar area in addition to the outside patio. There are a couple televisions broadcasting current sporting events, and the atmosphere is warm and friendly.

But you don't really go to Crave for the ambiance-you go for the food. While the menu does have Mediterranean options, the spot also offers up a variety of pizzas, sandwiches and burgers. The really amazing thing is that more than 20 of the menu items are half-off during the spot's daily happy hour, from 4-9 p.m.

My friends and I were indulgent and started with the Mozzarella Sticks ($3.50 during happy hour). They were very tasty, even though they were a little greasy, and the sticks were super-thick and oozing with cheese. My pal Michelle Kern said that while they were delicious as always, the breading could have used a little more flavor.

For my entree, I got the Falafel Platter ($11.50), with falafel, really tasty rice, hummus and pita bread and grilled and raw veggies. I would have skipped the grilled veggies for more hummus (they were a little too oily), but the falafel and rice made for an awesome combination.

Michelle got the Mediterranean Wrap ($7), which came with chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, feta cheese and Greek sauce, and she said it was delicious. She said, "The chicken had a good marinated flavor and the right amounts of Greek dressing, feta and vegetables to complement each other-and all I could think about was the crispy Lavash that it was wrapped it. I liked that way better than if it had been wrapped in a pita."

Happy hour doesn't just include great food specials-it also offers discounts on a myriad of drinks. And if that's not enough to make you hanker to go down there, Crave also offers hookahs and a lively nightlife scene with live DJ's . You can also get food until 2 a.m. nightly and 3 a.m. Friday's and Saturday's, so it also serves as a great spot to unwind after a night of hitting up clubs. But I'd go back just for the great prices on really tasty food.
I had brunch here with a friend on a hot July day.  It's a nice place with a laid back atmosphere.  I had the Grand Slam Breakfast which was actually better than what I was expecting.  It was a lot of food (eggs, toast, hash browns, sausage, bacon, fruit, and oatmeal) for only $9.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the hash browns were tasty and not greasy, and the sausage and bacon were really good too.  The oatmeal was yummy and the fruit was fresh.  My friend had the MIC, which is basically a breakfast sandwich on an English muffin, and she seemed happy with it.

I only gave 3 stars because there was nothing really special about the food or the menu, and the bathrooms are kind of gross.

Overall though, I would totally recommend this place for brunch.
The bouncers/promoters were hollering to go inside as we walked by. I didn't know who they were talking to so I kept walking. My group of friends decided to go inside after all, so we walked in. When he checked my ID, he rudely said, "you ignored me." Oops, not my fault.

Inside, it was empty. No wonder they were luring people in. Overall, the atmosphere and the environment was just 'meh.'

I would skip this place next time. One of the security people also asked us, "why do you all look so sad?" We laughed and responded that we were at the river all day. Haha! Too much sun in one day will do that you us.
Stopped in for a quick pitstop on a warm Saturday afternoon.  The Club Panini was really good, especially the crispy, fresh foccacia bread.  But the star of the show clearly was the White Sangria.  Lots of lemon, lime, and orange flavor made it perhaps the best we have ever tasted anywhere!
Very unattractive bartenders, expensive badly mixed drinks, bouncers are a JOKE. No one is every inside the joint except on ladies night when they lure women in under the pretense of free drinks...only offering cheap vodka. They use the same techno-y playlist every night with little to no variation. I've never been in there and had more than 10 customers in. Great hummus though!
Friendly service with a smile (it's sad that in this industry it's something I notice) server was helpful, friendly and attentive. Great deal on Sunday. Yay! Food that is good and not bad for you. Beer special ;)
They hosted #wvfn, West Valley Friday Nights. We are a group of Twitter folks who try out resturants every friday night, and just love to socialize offline with one another.

We have a about 20 people there. They had great boneless wings, treated us right!

I discovered their 1/2 off domestic & well drinks as well as their 1/2 off appitizers last until 9pm even on Friday. Best and longest happy hour prices in the west valley. 

A must stop and check out.
This is your typical wanna be Phoenix version of the Irish Bar.  The food was ok.  Typical sports bar fare.  I will say the service was pretty good except for the ditzy hostesses.  Do they really need three 16 year olds manning the front of the restaunt texting and pretending to be listening?  

The happy hour on Friday is great, lasting till 9:00 pm which is unheard of.  But dont stick around much longer after that unless you are  into the club scene. Because out come the lazer beams and smoke machines.... Hahaha no not really but they bust out the dance floor and make you move your seat so Glendales finest underage drinkers can shake their groove things.  It is funny how this bar resembles the cheesy old town bars that westsiders always seem to bag on.
Probably the absolute worst customer service I have ever received and that was before we got in!! Not only did they make my friend take his hat off but he couldn't just hold onto it. They wanted him to go put it in the truck!! I'm telling everyone I know not to waste their time here. So hypocritical because there was a guy on the patio with a hat on and when we asked they said "it's ok he's an older gemtleman" you kidding me?? I thought  we were going to an Irish pub, but this place is trying to make itself a night club. Then after waiting in line for a while to get into what seemed to be a packed place, we get in and the place is empty. Come on McFadden's get serious.
Disclaimer: I do not party. I do not club. I no longer frequent establishments with the intent to get drunk and kiss men many years my senior. Those days are long gone, and this review reflects a chaste,  Labor Day lunch experience. No one peed their pants, or vomited $2 well drinks into the fountains outside. Be forewarned. 

My boyfriend decided that he wanted to take me to Cabela's...not because I am a camper or outdoorsy girl, but because I have a love for all things elaborately themed. After traipsing through a delightful faux wilderness of guns and taxidermied animals, we were famished and ready to go just about anywhere to eat just about anything. We ventured across the street to Westgate, and McFadden's is where we happened to end up.

We walked in, and the place was just about empty. A courteous -  if a bit disconnected - hostess seated us at a table for two with big, comfy leather armchairs. Soon after, we ordered some nondescript beverages and surveyed the scene. Pretty classy interior for something set up like a sports bar/grill combo. No complaints about the atmosphere...lots of TVs, if that's your thing. "If that's your thing"...I use that phrase a lot in reviews. It's annoying. Sorry!

My boyfriend ordered the Pit Burger, and I ordered the Turkey Club. I can't speak for the millieu in the evenings, but we found the restaurant during the day to be very conducive to conversation, and enjoyed ourselves while we waited for our food. My Turkey Club was incredibly delicious...like, I want to eat another one. Right now. The fries were great...they are seasoned, but the menu doesn't tell you that. My boyfriend loved his burger, and the mashed potatoes he got to go with it...but I found them to be a little flavorless, and too buttery. 

It's not a cool, hipster-points-hole-in-the-wall place, and nothing about it was special or gimmicky, but the food really was excellent for being something simple and unpretentious. Just regular lunch fare, at good prices and in a pleasing environment. The staff, as I mentioned before, was friendly enough, if a bit restrained. I wouldn't tell you to go out of your way to try it, and it really should be 3 stars, but that Turkey Club is still on my mind. Mmm.
Maybe a Sunday night of a Cardinals home game is not the best night to experience McFadden's but if they can't handle the football crowd then maybe they shouldn't have opened their doors at Westgate. 

The female bartenders were RUDE. They passed my friend up several times before letting him order his drink. And, they got snarky with people sitting next to us. They seem to be cut from similar cloth and it ain't pretty. 

The 30-45 minute wait for a table turned out to be more than an hour. No surprise, but they didn't bother to tell us we could have gotten a table on the patio off of the bar right away. 

Ordered the turkey club sandwich which was supposed to be served with bacon and cranberry mayo on Texas toast. Guess I looked like I need to trim the fat from my diet because my sandwich was baconless. And, they ran out of sliders, buffalo wings and boneless wings BEFORE 7 p.m. What kind of bar runs out of bar food before the peak dinner crowd has even arrived???? The fries were pretty good and our table service was very friendly at least. 

There are lots of TVs all tuned to the game and the Cardinals and Vikings fans all seemed to be getting along well. No pushing, shoving or name calling. So, the first impression was not great but I'm willing to give it another chance ... maybe.
So I went here for lunch the other day expecting good fish and chips...well I was wrong!

They were fish sticks! Who the hell serves those anymore?

I sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and nice. The highpoint of my lunch for sure.

So MAYBE I had a Guinness for lunch. What I didnt expect was $7 for the pint! Am I seriously back home in NY right now?? 

FIsh and chips and MAYBE a beer + tip = $32 for lunch!!

Total rip off--never again.
McFadden's found away to make a novelty out of an Irish pub.  Although they didn't do a very good job as Irish pubs are usually awesome.  

The service is OK.  Our waitress was really nice.  We had 3 by the time the night was over.  The food is not terrible and is eatable but if you are looking for something worth the money you will be disappointed.  The portions are fine but a ten dollar burger is just a ten dollar burger.  Flavor was over salty and too much pepper.  The BBQ sauce sugary and the cheese lacked flavor even though it goop-ed off!  The French Fry portion was nothing to write home about either.  A plastic cup of beer (Stella) will set you back 5 bucks for maybe 12 oz.  They do have days with drink specials but I went to one of these and they water down the drinks.  I also went to a party where the drinks were only 1 buck and again it was a weak drink.  

Bottom line is this place over priced, over hyped, and over used as a meeting spot.
Leaves a lot to be desired. We went on a night when they had "parties" because my boyfriends brother won a "party"  The good thing was the 2 dollar drinks.  The bad thing was pretty much everything else.  It turned very skanky at 11:00..  Not my thing..  And the music was too loud.   That's not a pub in my opinion.. Since when do pubs need security and people dance on the bar half naked?  Don't get me wrong, there is a place for that, but I just wish there was somewhere decent at westgate to hang out.. Any suggestions?
We should've known to take our business elsewhere by the previous Yelp reviews and the fact that McFadden's was not so crowded.  But I think my group of five was giddy over getting last minute amazing seats to the Bon Jovi concert, that we just wanted to get a quick bite and a beer and head into the show.

The service was ok until the food arrived and it took a good five minutes to get napkins, forks, and water... The food was decent but nothing special at all.  I had the salmon entree (served with mashed potatoes and spinach) and the others went with chicken wings and chicken fingers (both served with french fries).

Needless to say, our time at McFadden's was the lowlight of the evening.  (And yes, I just made up the word lowlight!) The concert was incredible!  I will not be returning to McFadden's since there are plenty of other options to grab a bite before heading in to Jobing.com Arena.
I came here a few weeks ago for a birthday, and that calamity was bad enough.  I held off on the bad review until I gave them another shot.  Well I did and they failed even harder.

1st trip -- we had reserved a table for a birthday, and as reservations were made it was made clear to us that if we weren't there by 9:00 they would give our table away.  So we arrive at 8:45 and they make it out to be a big inconvenience to them that we arrived......15 minutes early.  Nothing was setup, and they scrambled to get a "party" table put together (which I don't think ever reached the size we had reserved).  All decorations became "we could put ________ on the table but........we'd need for you all to get up".  So after all this I thought it could be a fluke, so we gave them another shot last night......

2nd trip -- Had a friend come in from England and he wanted to go to the bars at Westgate.  God forbid he wore shorts on his trip to.........Arizona, so we weren't allowed in.

It's Thursday night. And no matter how hard you try, you are not a Scottsdale bar.

Choke on your impending failure.
Wow.  I went to McFadden's 4 nights ago and I was still amped to blast them on here.  But after reading all the other negative reviews I see I was just another victim of their standard operating procedure.  I went there twice in the last few weeks(Coyote's games) and I'm done.  On the first visit I ordered a Black and Tan.  After receiving what looked like a Guiness with powdered sugar in it and waiting 10 mins for the bar tender to acknowledge, I was informed that they don't have Bass and use something else in their Black and Tans.  Naturally, I asked why this wasn't brought to my attention at the time the drink was ordered.  To which the bartender offered no apology, but replied: "It's on the menu"  Really!?!  First of all a Black and Tan should have separation whatever you use, and second, who uses a menu to order a beer at a bar!?  On the second visit my buddy was told he had won a  free happy hour for ten people, but it was actually a reduced price in drinks.  I don't know what caused the miscommunication but after the way they treated me the first time, they're not getting the benefit of the doubt.  I had about 15 people come from the East side and ended up picking up several rounds to make it worth their trip.  That was just the main peanut in a pile of poor treatment.   The customer service at this place is miserable.  I have no idea how they are staying in business.  That being said, I can concur that the Turkey Club was quite delicious.  That's why I'm giving the place 2 stars.  I suggest getting it to go....
This place is a joke. The food is a joke. The service is a joke. The biggest joke is the security who, in their mind, think they are above all authority. I hear horrible things about this place all the time and I should have never went. I don't understand why there is always a line Friday and Saturday nights. It sucks!
First of all, let me apologize to the authors of half these reviews for actually thinking McFadden's primary function was a restaurant. That's just what they do to get by during the day, and you're damned right they are far from the best at it. Where this place shines is as a bar.

As a bar, this place is pretty two faced. It has an amazing happy hour. I've waltzed in with a few friends and received great service, from bartenders who gave great recommendations and were generally very amiable. It felt like one of those warm, 'hole-in-the-wall' bars where you could just chill and have a great time.

McFadden's does have a wild side. Late at night it is a full blown club. Lots of security is there to check the line at the door. Scantily-clad women (hoes) are paid to dance with their ass cheeks out on the bar, or pump you a draft from a keg. Not my scene, but if it's yours then you'll love it. It has a way of being a little bit skanky, but not sleazy or full of creeps.

As for the security, they (especially the head of it) are really cool guys. Don't throw a hissy fit when they ask you to take of your hat/sunglasses, and you'll be just fine. Overall this is a good place I enjoy chilling in when I have money to burn.
The experience started out great.  I saw they had philly cheesesteak nachos and I had to try them.  Order the large portion if you have more than two people.  There was plenty of cheese.  They even used Cheese Whiz like a true Philly sandwhich.  There was plenty of cheese, but very little meat.  After eating off the top few chips the meat was gone.  They really need to double the meat.

For dinner I attempted to order the BLT, but they were out of bacon.  I settled for the chicken strips.  It was your standard issue chicken strip meal.  Not bad, but I could do the same on my own from the frozen food section at any grocery store.

Our server was nice, and attentive.  That was easy though because the place was nearly empty.
I can go on for hours to describe the distaste I have for this place, however I will spare you the reading and simply state... This place overall, is no good!  I frequent this place, and gotta say, don't get treated as if I am a regular.  Not that I am looking for special treatment, but this bar has not once shown an ounce of thanks or gratitude for the amount of people I have continued to bring into their establishment.  I did give them two stars, because their happy hour special is what keeps them afloat.  A bar that gives the impression of an irish pub, should be an irish pub.  Not a late night dance club, who allows all girls to dance on the bar, and plays favoritism when it comes to kicking people out.  If you win happy hour, chances are, you may catch a buzz... if this is noticed by the bouncers, you're out.  And yet, they will allow all girls, even sloppy drunk, to get on top of their bar and show off for the egotistical drunken pigs slowly wallowing around this pathetic excuse for a bar.  McFaddens, I have heard many bad things about  you, and yet I continue to frequent your establishment.  As I said above, bravo for your happy hours, because I fret that without those, you would have no business.
I've only been here when its a "club" so no review on the food. On a friday and sat night this place is packed...plus only place i know where i can dance on the bar.
When you go to a Irish resturant you would think they might have Irish food, but not Mcfadden's. 
I'm not sure what's so Irish about a philly cheesesteak or a FRENCH dip.
Our group ate here during the day on a Sunday and expected to get reasonable service, reasonable food in reasonable amount of time. What we received was horrible service, nasty food and a hellish wait for it. Yes I know McFadden's primary service is that of a sports bar, but I can name 20 sports bars around the valley providing much better service and food. People are still paying for service and food and should be treated as such. 

The Sunday we went we had went around 1pm. We were waiting to be seated by the hostess who had her purse slung around her shoulder as she was ready to leave. She said "Well, I guess I can seat you". Sorry, all we wanted to do was pay for lunch and drinks. Sorry for the inconvenience. We were sat in a section with about 2 other tables (the bar and restaurant was 'dead') and thought to ourselves, this should be quick. WRONG. 

We ordered drinks and it took about 15 minutes to receive them. Then we put our order in. We had ordered items off of the happy hour (chicken strips and soup) and a sandwich. It took 45 MINUTES to receive these items. The Irish Potato Soup was separating and it looked like it had been maturing under a heat lamp for about 30 minutes. The French Dip sandwich was dry as a bone. Despite complaining about both of these items they were not taken off of our bill. 

As we walked out I warned a couple going in to make sure they have hours of time to waste if they want food. The guy asked if I was serious due to the small amount of people inside. I reaffirmed him and he and his girl were on their way elsewhere. The least I could do was prevent someone else from experiencing McFadden's service and food. Do yourself a favor and go to one of the other restaurants in Westgate City Center, McFadden's doesn't deserve your patronage.
This is an over priced sudo pub that used to be a sports bar and should be closed. The service always sucks - day or night . I've been dragged there several occasions   by friends who "wanted to check it out" each time was worse than the time before. I guess having staff that is almost nude is better than having staff that actually will bring you your order.  Some one told me it was supposed to be an Irish Pub... it's not even close.
A group of friends, my husband and I went to McFadden's for Talk Like A Pirate party earlier this month.   Our friend reserved a table for us.  When our friends arrived they were told there was a $50 reservation fee.  I'm guessing this is how they make money now because the place was dead, including the bar during their happy hour.  We were there to participate in the event going on as well as eat.  So we decided to eat.  We told the waitress we needed separate tickets and she never mentioned they wouldn't do it until we got the bill. 

Let's talk food.  The food is mediocre at best, even for bar food and extremely overpriced.  I had a salad that I paid $10.99 for that I could have gotten at Wendy's for $4 and the Wendy's salad  would have more flavor.  My husband said his food was okay but he too has also had better burgers.  

Now I realize that McFadden's gets most of his revenue from the football, hockey and other events going on around it but if they don't do something with what they serve and the prices they won't last long, even with a football stadium 500 feet away.  I really wanted to like this place but I just couldn't.
A friend and I went to McFadden's before a recent Coyote game. The place was dead and I now know why. We were seated out on the patio and waited over 10 minutes before our order was taken. We ordered a beer, a glass of wine and an order of nachos. The nachos arrived after about 20 minutes. Our drinks were another 5 minutes after that. The nachos were horrible.  We would have ordered another round of drinks, but did not want to wait another half hour.
Poor service + poor quality food =  A bad experience..
I wish I could give this 0 stars. I met up a girl here to have a Guinness. I had one, she had one. I order her a shot. The bartender said she couldn't serve us anymore because she put her head on my shoulder. Yeah, cuz it was 1 in the morning on a monday and she was tired. She called security and he escalated the situation and then the police were called. Over a shot. I hope this place catches on fire. I am embarrassed that Guinness is served here. Not only that, the bartenders don't even properly pour it.
good drink specials. the riff raff seems to come out about 10:30-11 o'clock.
Visited this place the weekend before the BCS.  The beer selection was pathetic, just the big name breweries, come on people!!  Also the server thought IPA was a brand name of a beer.

We got our appetizers on the happy hour menu so the price was right, the chicken fingers were good, and the nachos were average.

We tried to watch the Cotton Bowl, but you couldn't hear the game for the music.  Make up your mind, are you a dance club or a sports bar. The fact that you are next to two stadiums should give you a clue.

The service was also very slow.  When people showed up in the reserved area, our server went MIA.
First and foremost, McFadden's is not an Irish pub.  Also, just judging by the location and the decor of the place, I would expect the food and service to be about the same as any TGIFs or Applebees or some other generic restaurant/bar establishment.

As a bar/nightclub, however, McFadden's is alright.  The DJ played a typical set of music for a mostly young/white crowd, but he could actually beat-match songs suggesting he has more experience than an iPod on shuffle.  The beer selection is nothing special, and the drink prices are nothing special.  The servers are nice, and cute, especially when they are dancing on the bar.

There's nothing extraordinary about McFadden's, but the ladies seem to like this place, which means I would like to come back again.
It's a half Irish bar on the westside of phx. Not bad.... But happy hour was a plus!
I went with friends to Westgate Center after a mediocre dinner at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville, we were wanting to check out the different bars in the center, and came upon McFadden's, it had a line, and it seemed to be happening, so we waited 5 minutes and got in, i was surprised i had to pay a $5 cover but i was okay with that and expected it to be crowded inside but was dismayed that it was only half full, it smelled like dried puke, and it was a total skeeze! ick! 

most of the crowd looked bad, and the bar girls in their skimpy outfits did not deserve to wear the outfit. Skimpy isn't bad as long as you fit the image, and these girls did not. Skimpy uniforms work in tempe and old town because you have women that look good for the most part. here the bargirls were tatted up and just didn't look right. Oh and what's with throwing napkins up in the air to act as confetti? it's stupid, and messy, and so the overall appearance of this bar is that it's dirty, with napkins on the floor, spilled beer, some weird funky pukey smell, and the oddest looking crowd. part of me wished i got my $5 back because that was a $3 experience or less. oh and the music was just bad. this is where djs with very little experience must play and practice their skills. 

so, to sum it up, it's a hole, and if this is one of the hottest spots Westgate has to offer then someone must have punk'd me coz this is a true joke.
The cute waitresses are usually the only draw to this bar. The food is sub par bar fare. The drinks are always weak. If you are destined to dine at Westgate I recommend the sushi joint or Yard House.
Whats up with this Staind wanna be band on Paddys Day? They arent good for the crowd
Not a fan of this place. Drinks are over priced, crappy music, and slow bartenders make it nearly unbearable. However, the $2 happy hours they pass out like candy make it a good pregame spot. Since it's one of the few dance places it attracts all the scantily clad clubrats. A lot of my friends like it but it's not my thing. It gives pub a bad name.
Wow...it looks like this place does not have many stars from other people...I didn't even look at reviews before writing mine. Tomorrow I'm going to try and track down the corporate office. Even one star is too much!

Patron's beware! McFadden's in Glendale, Arizona has hands-down one of the worst customer service policies ever! It is like this bar runs on a crew with their heads up each other's asses! Basically, this place SUCKS!!! 

My experience was so terrible the only way to keep it together, without writing a book, was bullet points:
* Attempted to organize an event for 20-15 employees. Had an office member contact the restaurant the week before to set it up. Relations person was more concerned with taking the credit card info to charge us if we did not show, or had less people, than sending the agreement. We never got anything in writing with these policies on it! Surprise, surprise...the only thing in the file was the credit card without a booked reservation.
* Tried to call the location the day of the event to confirm. Was told by the hostess that I was not allowed to speak to a manager about this issue and she would not find someone for me to check the reservation. Called back with a different name and held for 14 minutes to speak to a manager that just said "Sarah" was off and would be coming in...Um, how is her staffing my issue? I had to badger her to even look into the issue.
* Finally worked out the details and had tables reserved, the day of the event while my party was on the freeway going to the location. The first guests arrived after making our complaints to the manager and one of the bartenders made the remark "Those are some big shoes to fill" to our assigned server in front of guests. What, because we had to call to make sure we had a place to go?
* The place smelled like vomit!! (Also noted in another customer's review)
* Terrible, terrible, terrible service! Our server would only take one drink order at a time and often left the table without asking the customers with empty classes if they wanted another beverage. Hello...dumb ass...empty glasses means more opportunity to make more money?! Maybe the mandatory 18% tip for the party size blew our chances at having any sort of service. 
* Drinks and food were sent to our table that we did not order. Food runners gave us attitude and stormed off when we told them the food did not belong to us.
* Bill arrived with over $100 in extra charges for drinks we did not order were on it. We asked the server about it and her response was "Well, I am NOT taking them off" and walked off. 
* Had to ask for another manager to come over because of the inflated bill. Took 20 minutes for him to get to us and the restaurant was not even busy. Manager was extremely patronizing and was not going to help us at first. After having to re-hash the details he took some of the drinks off, but not all of them. He claimed that the service "might" not have been that great because it was St. Patrick's Day that week. Didn't they have like 364 days to get ready for this? 
* Waited another 30 minutes to get our change back. After coming back to the table the server put the bill and change in my face, glared at me and walked away. No "thank you" or anything for the 18% tip she was guaranteed because the size of the party. In all honesty, I would have totally stiffed her if it were a smaller party.

I was embarrassed that my group had to experience this. The only reason we decided to go there was one of my guests had won a happy-hour event there. My gut feeling when I could not confirm the reservation was to just go somewhere else, but was afraid that the only thing they would do correctly was charge the credit card for a no show. Knowing this I would have taken the group to Applebee's where we would have expected this. Our state relies on tourism and looking at the issue from a higher level the industry decline in does not rest only on the economy, but at these eateries internally. I am starting to point blame at the terrible customer in the service industry, weak and inexperienced restaurant/bar management, and shoddy company policies for their decline. If the industry truly cared about customers it would not be in this predicament.

Did anyone notice that their staff member was the only one to give this place like 5 stars? Maybe she should be a customer in it instead of part of the "family".
Love the happy hour prices!! The promo girl defiantly keep the place going..
Could be the worst bar I have ever been to.  The music is terrible, the service is awful and unfriendly.  I get the feeling that the staff here hates their job.  

I wish I could nominate McFadden's for the worst of Yelp!

I don't think this place would even still be in business if it weren't in such a busy area.
This place pretty much sucks. Been forced to come here twice due to the lines at the other restaurants and bars at Westgate having over an hour wait. We didn't have to wait here and I can see why! People know better than to come. Calling this place an "Irish Pub" is like calling my Chrysler a Porche. There isn't one Irish thing about it, except they serve Guinness. Big whoop! Almost all bars do. The service is terrible and everyone seems to have a major 'tude. Gee sorry for interrupting your social time of you chatting away with your buddies on the staff. The food is average in taste I guess. There were ZERO veg options so I had 3 sides, which was interesting. Everyone else's food seemed okay, except for my husband who ordered honey medium wings and they were making ME sweat just sitting next to him. He suffered through them, but was for sure not what were ordered. When we mentioned it to our server she basically gave us a blank look and did nothing. We had quite a few drinks here before a concert thinking it would save a little money from buying 11 dollar beers in the arena. How wrong were we!? Plus, they ran out of pint glasses and had to use plastic. The place was maybe half full? We split our check in half for the 2 couples and my mouth hit the floor! 75 bucks was HALF!?! For 3 sides, an entree, 3 wines and 3 beers. Just...wow. Lastly we were in this awkward table that lined square up to the server station, and made me feel really claustrophobic sitting inches from this giant awkward wall. 
I read in some reviews this place turns into a club later at night! This made me LOL literally. I can't even imagine. Save your money and pride and stay the hell away from here. Seriously. 
I have to say, the management must not care. 99 percent of these reviews are horrible and nothing has been done. Oh well, guess they will learn when they shut down, because I can't imagine that's far away!
hahahahah this place wont be open much  longer !!!!!!!!!!!!underage co-works alchohol
My wife bought a half off deal coupon before I got a chance to review this place on Yelp. (Something I always do.) But I thought I'd look anyways before we went and it looked pretty dismal. I didn't even want to go. I had assumed from walking by in the past it was a reputable establishment but the poor reviews were so numerous.

Boy, was I surprised! Now granted it was a Sunday late afternoon and it was dead. so we were seated promptly. Classic rock played medium-softly in the background. Lots of TVs with sports shows surrounded us. 

Our waitress was friendly and attentive. Our drinks arrived in a couple minutes. (They had happy hour pricing. Buds $2, well drinks $3, some appetizers $4.) Some drinks are limited as they don't have a blender. So you won't get a frozen margarita but one on the rocks. Our food arrived in several minutes. Everything was hot. In fact we had to wait for it to cool off!

My Reuban sandwich ($10.99) was big and piled high with tender corned beef on thick marbled rye. Seasoned steak fries were hot and crispy. My wife's BBQ wings ($9.99) were big and meaty and the honey BBQ sauce made them look like jewels. All was good. I'd go back.

Maybe all the bad reviews made them change their ways. I did take away one star due to high prices. They could stand to take a couple bucks off.
This bar is always busy on the weekends and I have no idea why. There's a cover to get in, the staff is cocky, and the drink prices are insane I got charged $12 for a loaded beer. Never again!
All the other reviews hit all my complaints. Poor service, horrible stench and waaay over priced drinks. 

The only think missing was noting that I have TWICE seen a freaking baby/toddler in McFaddens well after the appropriate hour. If the 'bouncer' is checking ID's at the door....there should not be small children in the freaking place. 

I wish I could go back and say sorry to all my hotel guests that i've sent there in the past. 

I couldn't help but laugh at loud at the many tables w/  "reserved" signs on them.  The bar was half empty LOL
A pitiful representation of the other McFaddens that spot the country. At CHICAGO's McFadden one can dance on the counter top, bargain shots with the bartender, and dance to Journey until you slip on the beer-slicked floor....

NOT the case at Glendale's pathetic "irish pub" creation. The happy hour is the ONLY time worth going to this establishment. Any other time is a WASTE of your time. I literally wasted a whole hour at McFadden's watching a tramp-stamp competition at 10:30pm on a Saturday...

The bathrooms are nasty. The music is the worst... usually just techno and trance crap that is NON-danceable!

Additionally, there is no dancing allowed on the counter-tops...WTF.
I've given McFaddens two chances, both at incredibly slow times and both times, the service was terrible and slow.  The first time we were there, I'm pretty sure our server didn't realize she was supposed to be working and it was NOT busy in there.  I wish the food was good enough and it outweighed the bad service but it's just typical bar food.
we had dinner there on 7/20/11. we both had the shepards pie. what a joke! irish grandmothers are rolling in their graves. it tasted like stew out of a can together with instant mashes potatoes. we need to make them change their name because that's about the only thing irish about this pitiful place. $15 for a shepard's pie that left us hungry afterwards! we were so hungry later we had happy meals to fill us up!
Went there with a group of friends.  All in our mid 40s.  The Bouncers were rude, the Bartenders didn't care to serve us.  Terrible experience, definitely won't be going there EVER again.  There were a few security guards that thought they were "something".  With this economy, it's a shame that rude employees are still working.  Management needs an overhaul at this place.
My review is based strictly on this place as a bar, as I've never eaten here.  It's usually crowded on the weekends and for some odd reason they (staff/bar dancers) like to throw tons of napkins in the air, which is probably cool to the many intoxicated dancers on the floor.The problem is the napkins get all over the floor and mixed in with the spilled drinks, so now everyone is stepping on the napkins and they're getting stuck to everyone's shoes. Music is okay, the layout is pretty cramped... I don't ever go here by choice, only when a group of people I'm with want to.
The service was horrible... the food was fair, but nothing I would go back and eat. The place (structure) is really nice, but the staff is awful.  Our waitress was really nice and all smiles but her service was still lame, we were not greeted when we arrived, we were not given cutlery, napkins, etc until after the food arrived (like 10 min), we could have left without paying since no one was paying attention to us, and the place was almost empty.
The food is not the best, we enjoyed the Irish Fries or something, but we had to lick our fingers, and not because they were so delish, but because the napkins and forks were making their way trough the crowds and to our table. When we left, the hostesses were so into their conversation that they didn't see us leave... oh, well! That's what we get for wanting to try something new!
We got there around noon on a Tuesday.  It was dead, only 1 guy at the bar.  We waited for about 3 mins before someone noticed we were waiting for a table.  I should have known better to dine without checking Yelp first.  

We got seated and the hostess notified us that she is also our server.  She took our drink orders.  And she was back right away with our drinks.  She took our food order.  We both ordered a soup and an appetizer for lunch.  We waited 15 mins and our soups came out  within 5 mins our food came out too.

IRISH POTATO SOUP - it came out warm, there was only a few chunks of potatoes, and tasted ok.

CHICKEN FINGERS - the chicken was not crispy but hard.  The fries were  good!

Service was actually good.  The food is not so good.
We went there after purchasing something from restaurants.com. UGH!  We went around 6 on weeknight and it was DEAD.  We stood there for quite awhile before being seated.  The keep the doors open, so there were flies everywhere.  There were TONS of open seats, and they sat us next to this completely obnoxious set of 20 something girls.  The chairs were weird.  When you sit in them you sink down so low the table comes up to your chest, I felt like I was 5 years old.  The food was NOT good.  This place needs to close up so a better place can move in.  With competition like the Yard house and Margaritaville....it won't last.  We won't go back.
This restaurant has the worst service.  The only reason they have business is because they are located by jobing.com.  There is nothing Irish about this place.  We got there and were given a buzzer which required us to give them our drivers license.  Then apparently the buzzers were not charged up so they skipped us until we asked them.  We finally got seated where we waited 15 minutes for a waitress.  When she finally showed up, she waited on the table next to us first and they had been seated long after us.  The waitress said that they changed the seating chart and she didn't know.  Then the food comes out and we ask for silverware and mayo.  It took 3 times and 10 minutes to get the silverware.  We finally asked for a manager.  The food was disgusting.  The fish was dripping with grease and the philly cheesesteak had horrible flavor.  The manager did give us a discount but really this place needs an overhaul!
Service was tremendous.  Our server was very attentive and kind.  I had the pit burger and it was awesome.  My wife had the Philly Cheesesteak.  Though it had great flavor it was too dry.  Price is o.k.  I think for typical pub style food it could be a little cheaper.  We would return for sure.
If this establishment were located anywhere else it would die the death it so much deserves.  We waited for over an hour to be seated only to be served the worse bar food we have ever encountered, it's hard to screw up chicken wings but mcfaddens did a fine job in doing so. Not only was the food bad but we were offered plastic dinner ware because they ran out of the metal forks and knives.
There are to many other choices in the area to try,stay away from this place at all cost you'll be glad you did.
I will NEVER go back to this place again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They aren't even worth the one star that I had to rate them with! My fiance and I went there on a Thursday night to meet a good friend that was in from out of town for just one night. After we waited in line for about 10 minutes, the door guy told my fiance that he wasn't allowed in because of the brand of boots he was wearing! Are you kidding me?! We thought it was a joke at first, but then realize through his douche bag personality that he was being serious. Let me just explain to you that these were new, clean $150 boots that this happened over ... So, he did not look like a bum, or whatever they were implying. We stood outside waiting for our friend to come out and witnessed a guy go in with cowboy boots, probably 10 girls go in with boots on, and a guy wearing a baseball hat with a hoodie on with the hood of it pulled over his hat all allowed in. When our friend came out he was mad and asked the door guy what the reasoning was, and the door guy put his hands around our friends throat and pushed him and told him he needed to get off of the property! 5 minutes later the police arrived b/c apparently the idiots at McFadden's called them on our friend, and then they proceeded to tell the police that we were "taunting" them because we were standing out front of the bar!!!!! For any McFadden's employees that read this ... Even the police were laughing at what absolute pathetic douche bags you all were for your ridiculous rules!!! 
I have never been treated like this, or seen so much disrespect in my life! I hope everyone reads this and refuses to give that place any business!!!
It's Always Cloudy in Glendale

I imagine the imaginary Paddy's Pub would serve better food. As long as Charlie Day isn't at the grill, that is...

The first sign of "Uh-oh" at McFadden's Restaurant and Saloon (2/5 Stars) was the electronic menu outside that was displaying a Windows error in digitally showing said menu. Still, I'd like to give it a shot.

Inside I was floored on how plain it was. Mostly, it looks like a restaurant, but it hints at being a night-club following after (dinner) hours. It wasn't dirty or run down, just mediocre. 

After being encouraged to sit at the bar, my friend and I asked for a table. It was a Saturday afternoon and virtually no one was in the place. (Eventually, other patrons came in, but not enough to fill the place. I even quietly joked on the way to the table that the place was too loud...but the hostess heard me. Of course she did.) The waitress was prompt and extremely energetic and enthusiastic, two pluses in my book. She was also patient since this was my buddy and I's first visit.

I ordered the "Classic Burger" since I wasn't hungry, but I love a great burger. (Side Note: Why do they always call it "Classic"? Is that the polite and professional way of saying: you have no real taste in food, so just order the easiest and most clichéd menu item?) My friend ordered the Mozzarella Salad and the waitress successfully up-sold him on adding chicken. I included fries and an iced tea to my order.

The wait was not uncomfortably long, but then me and my friend love talking movies and getting carried away with film-tangents, so I admit I lost track. But, I do know it wasn't that long of a wait.

Sadly, the plate that arrived had absolutely no presentation. Just the typical toppings on a boring bun (which I wasn't given the option of the type) and seasoned steak fries.  And the silverware was grossly stained - probably hard water, but I refused to use it, just in case. Sadly, there wasn't a steak knife to cut the burger.

My friend said the salad was just "okay" but the chicken dry. My burger and fries were just as they looked: boring. Not necessarily bad, but far from "Classic." And the tea was slightly sweetened - a negative for me. But, even if I liked sweetened tea, it was rather weak.

We were invited to fill out a survey from our waitress encouraging us to return to the "nightclub" the place transforms into following dinner hours...I was right! Ha! Unfortunately, it sounded like their version of a "hot spot" wasn't really clicking with the customers - they're willing to give out gift certificates to get people to show up by filling out the comment card. Only, they wanted to call me to give the award so they requested my phone number. Yeah. Right. Well, it's not 1992. I'd much prefer them email me and I'd reply or respond with a call if I'm interested.

Overall, in this economy (hopefully, we won't have to use that phrase sometime soon) and in the WAY UNFORTUNATE status of the Westgate shopping district, McFadden's isn't doing much to make sure their seats are filled. I wouldn't completely discount it, but I wouldn't completely recommend it either.

Full review condensed just to two letters: Eh.
THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!  

nuff said.
Mcfadden's? An IRISH Bar? In name only. Didn't eat here - met a friend for drinks and to watch some sports - He was in town staying @ the Marriott next door. Anyway, high prices for drinks and what really makes me laugh is the "Nightclub" it transforms into...Again an IRISH Bar becomes a night club? The transformation started by taking away all of the chairs around the bar and then abruptly shutting off power to 90% of there TV's - in mid game! 

At first I was a little pissed but, I honestly just laughed as we got our bill. It really was a joke! I will say the bartenders were very good and the gals were very hot - especially the plaid stripper skirt the one bartender changed into and gave us all a nice view every time she went into the lower coolers for beers! Thank You...

Overall, I will pass. Many better options in Westgate. Unless you are a 20-something guy looking for a late night sausage fest - then it might be for you....
shot shot shots for birthday girl. Fun bar for girls night out. They could use better drink specials.
This bar is extremely lame. All the bartenders except maybe one have horrible attitudes and make your drinks extremely weak. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
We went to McFadden's for St. Patrick's Day last year and again a week ago.  Last year was AMAZING FUN!  I would give the place 5 stars.

This year was LAME!  There was a cover charge for a restaurant/bar that was self seating.  There were no tables/seats available at 5 PM.  They were serving hamburgers from the hostess station...?  We were able to finally find a waitress for our standing only bar table.  The food was great, but I may have been intoxicated by that time.  After we finished our food they removed our table to make room for a dance floor.  The whole experience was nothing compared to last year's celebration that included bag pipes, bands, and great service.

Not sure what happened to McFadden's AZ.
We thought we would get a beer and catch part of the hockey game from the patio bar.  First, they have bouncers and card you as you go in- classy. Second, the staff just stared at us as we tried to find our way to the patio. When we got there finally, it was a mess and there was only a handful of customers and tons of staff. So we just left and went to the faithful stand by at Westgate- Yardhouse.
I was reminded last night of the reason why I strongly dislike westgate late night.

The bartenders pass you by as you are calling their name to get you a glass of water or even an alcoholic beverage and to make matters completely worse had pregnant looking girls with love handles for days shaking their lack of ass on the bar. Ewww. I know it isn't vegas but cmon managers hire somebody who can at least dance and has somewhat of some musical rhythm. I had this urge to get up there and push them off the bar and steal the outfit but why do it if I'm not the one being paid.  
As I headed back to our table trying not to step on the endless amounts of dirty napkins that wanted to stick to my pumps last night and took a seat. This annoying females were screaming for no reason. I always run into the worst crowd at westgate for some reason, first some girl wants me to punch her in the throat for stealing my bf''s water and flirting with him and now this girl screaming. Sweet. The bathrooms were a complete disaster and I can tell you right now I highly doubt they have good food with how the ratings are looking already. Good thing my parents always eat at yard house when they drive down so that's hit or miss but probably a million times better than this joint.
I went to McFadden's because I was staying at the Hotel across the street, and me and my girlfriend wanted to go somewhere convenient. 
When we arrived, even though the Blackhawks were playing the Coyotes(in Chicago) in the playoffs, there were about 13 people (tops) in the place...which seemed strange to me.
I then noticed that there were only 2 servers and a bartender working. Shouldn't have been too bad given the few people in there...but it was.
It took 10 mins for the server to come to our table, another 15 for her to take our drink order and give us a menu then 20 mins to take our order. 
Once the food came it was decent, but nothing special. Your usual Chilis', applebee's or any other chain restaurant fare. Again, nothing special.

The only reason I see that people would go here is because it's close to both stadiums and in the westgate plaza. If you are going there to only drink, fine, but don't expect the food to be great, or to get any service

FYI they don't even try to have an Irish theme at this restaurant.
I wish I could give this piece of garbage a negative star but it might be the worst place in Arizona. Lots of disgusting people who feel you up in the dance floor, terrible service, the worst music. And apparently they think they are hot stuff in GLENDALE ARIZONA. Yes, they actually kicked out paying customers for wearing a hat. I didn't know we were in gang territory.  Save yourself the STDs and bedbugs. I hope this place burns down.
This place is hit or miss for sure, not a big fan though. I like to get my dance on and this place isn't that great for it. Drinks are the same as everywhere else but good luck getting one.
Came here for a VIP event and Id have to say that's was the best all around experience I've had at west gate. Brianna was our server and she went above and beyond for everyone in my group. The music was good and the crowd was friendly. If you haven't stopped by here yet its definitely a place to visit.
By far the worst service and disrespect I have ever received as an out of towner at a restaurant. The general manager showed little respect for its patrons which is ashame because the waitresses were so nice. I would highly recommend the other bars and restaurants in this little square. This place is ran by a young inconsiderate moron with no concept of the customer experience.

Don't go!
A friend of mine had happy hour there so there was no need to pay for cover which was a plus. However just to get a drink it took forever and the order wasnt even correct. Bartender will walk past you and skip your turn at lest five times before you even get a drink. Pretty good sized crowd but service not so great. We even had a table and you get your drink at the table just as fast as standing at the bar.

Haven't had a great Reuben sandwich in awhile and heard from a friend that the corned beef here was amazing so decided to give it a try in the day time.

The sandwich arrived and it looked really delicious and tasted like heaven. I'm big on sauerkraut and McFaddens wasn't stingy at all.  The corned beef wasnt too fatty just how i like it. I got extra dressing on the side to dip my sandwich in. It came with a side of red potato salad that was also mouth watering. 

Will return to eat!
30 mins sitting at a table, waitress never showed. Walked out with nothing. Why does this place exist?
I only go there at night to PArtay! Haha. They keep the place moving and as much as their rules can be annoying, Im glad they have something in place to keep ppl in check. I like their one DJ-Tyger, he's the best and he's from 98.3 if you ever wanna hear him before going out. I wouldnt recommend to eat dinner here and their pretty pricey but this is def a good place to go to have a good time!
Sub par.
I knew I should have just listened to the other reviews, but I had to see what was true. Had the blt, not bad, but cold fries. Honestly, you can't screw up a blt, but McFaddens did. Cheap pub grub, at 10 bucks a plate... Sorry ass place, dead lunch crowd. Seems like the only thing that keeps it in business is the  booze.
The place itself was...umm okay. Went on a Saturday night and got up to go to the bathroom when walking the security guard pushed me away in the direction of the bathroom instead of telling me. Physical pushed me. Never being there before I did not know where it was. I thought that was completely rude and out of line. Should consider your staff to treat the guests better. Totally asshole. Not going back just because of him.
Holy smokes. If your here for drinks, and to get saucey- then go on in. Dont mind girl dancing on the bar above your head. BUT- Do NOT eat the food!! :-/
Ummmmmmm not the best thing that has ever happened to me, but fun for a girls night out.  I would not recommend this place for a date-- it seems to be better for groups and hoes.

Yeah, definitely groups and hoes.

I have never tried the food here.
Ever.

This last time there was no cover since a buddy did the happy hour route-- which is: if you have like 8 people total, give them your name and guarantee those people will be there, they will give you a "host bracelet" and free drink coupons, and the rest of your group will get bracelets which gives them $2 well drinks and $2 beer (nothing fancy, so you've got to like Bud Light)

It is right across from this country themed bar with a mechanical bull, so that's a fun distraction for a while... but it's not like either of these places are Vegas-class or anything.

additionally...

Do NOT drink and drive.
Like ever.
But ESPECIALLY from this place-- there are cops EVERYWHERE.
Cops standing right outside the doors looking for the drunkies... cop cars parked all over the parking lot.

Don't be afraid to get into the passenger seat of your car, toss those keys into the backseat and take a niiice looonnng nap until you're sober, or someone comes to pick you up.


ENJOY!
You know how the guy on ESPN uses the catchphrase "Useful....useful shot"?

Well, this review is Useful....if you want a shot. Go here, it suits you well.

~Fud/Drink~
I smiled when I saw Restaurant in the title for this place. The food is consistently sub-par, even the apps are lackluster. I got sick here prior to a Coyotes game, thank you McFaddens for making me howl PRIOR to the game itself. I thus, never have eaten here again, because why bother when you get sick from an appetizer. Not too appetizing. You go here to get wasted, but where is the fun in that? Speaking of drinking, the drinks are average as well. Its your average bar option, nothing with pizazz. I could recommend it if there was something of note, like Saddle Ranch's Beer Tower, but they aren't even that creative here. The beer's are expensive as well. Why am I paying so much for these suds and wretched food? It's just a lose-lose situation. Also, its a poor choice if you want something Irish, because its a saloon, right? Haha.... If you come here, later, during the game, you will be asking yourself  "Why did I come here.....?"

~Atmosphere/Service
Just when the food is bad here come the waitstaff, who are not quite bright in the head. You go in, you sit down, and they do not attend to you quickly. You would think after repeated attempts to waive your hand in the air (I rarely do this, its a necessary evil), that they would see you. They don't. They must have some kind of Ray Charles syndrome. Or Stevie Wonderitis. Can you name another blind person style syndrome? Message me with one and I can add it, because that would be what the waitstaff must have... Actually, the blind are upstanding citizens with amazing senses, they would probably do a better job, hence I feel bad bringing them up. Oh well, anyway.... 

~Extras/Rating~
You might be surprised they get even two stars...and heck, they really do not deserve them. I give them one star for the location and another for still, after all the bad experiences, not being the worst bar I've attended to this point. Congrats to that! They are more worthy of 1 1/2 stars, but why not, I have pity on this spot...so two it is. Just stick with me on this one, and stay away guys! Leave this place for the drunks. There are so many better options in this center. I mean, seriously.
Should have trusted the 2-star yelp review & tried another place at Westgate. We went here to grab a bite before an event at Jobing.com arena. There was no wait & we sat down outside. We ordered beers which were $6 and $7 a pint. We asked about HH while I turned around & read the sign saying HH from 4-7sign. They took it down after explaining there weren't any specials. The fact that there was an "event" meant NO happy hour specials.... Zip, zero, none! Really you can't have even one beer on special? Lame. 
Wing orders have to be ALL one flavor & you get 8. You can't get two "flavors". I guess that would be too complicated. A bit later we ordered a burger & a club sandwich. I kid you not, they came out in under 2 minutes! Obviously not made fresh for "our" order... Big disappointment. And even though the menu reads, "all burgers cooked to medium" it was well done. 
Honestly the soft pretzel twist & the chocolate dessert stand inside the venue concession area looked better than what we ate at McFadden's. We won't be going back to this joint. If you don't have drink specials your food better be darn good...
We stopped by here prior to The Who concert to get a couple of drinks and a bite to eat. The place wasn't to busy yet so we thought it would be perfect being so close to the arena. We were seated outside and asked about drink specials, which we were told there were no specials despite the sign hanging right by us stating otherwise. The hostess came and took the sign down...classy. We ordered some appetizers consisting of hot wings, which were not hot and they could not split favors. That was beyond them to do that. The wings were deep fried to the point of being dried and taking on a jerky like consistency. We also ordered some onion rings, which ran $10 for a plate. These were not your hand battered good onion rings-they were straight from the bag frozen and done in two seconds. The ranch dressing served with the wings and rings was about as thick as water and didn't taste much better. 

We decided to order a couple of sandwiches, which we figured would be a huge mistake but we were hungry. My wife ordered a club in "Texas toast" and I ordered a half pound bacon and blue burger. I kid you not the order came out as soon as the waitress put it in. There is no way this was cooked to order. The menu said burgers are cooked medium, mine was super well done with no hint of juice. I have no idea at what point the meat weighed half a pound because the "meat" I got was something McDonalds wouldn't serve. My wife's Texas toast was nothing more than regular dry toast. Pints of beer are no cheaper here than inside the arena. The bottom line....go somewhere else when going to an event here or go inside and eat. There's no pride in the cafeteria food they serve. I can only think that they stay in business since on event days they are bound to get a few suckers in there that haven't tried it before. It's to bad having a great spot and all. The valley is loaded with fantastic Irish pubs and this joint should be embarrassed to even consider themselves one. I hope one day this spot is taken over by someone who actually takes pride in what they serve, even on the busiest of days. A busy event should not be an excuse to serve garbage.
worst place i ever been to. just plan rude. girls are a -1 but they think there 10s.
I would have stayed to experience McFadden's but it literally smelled like a sewer. I haven't been this disgusted walking into something since the porta pottys at the State Fair. Had a drink then left.
McFadden's Restaurant and Saloon? It should be ashamed to call itself a restaurant, and even they'd tell you it isn't a saloon. You'd expect a place like McFadden's to be Irish. There's nothing Irish about a very dark place playing overly loud ghetto music. We sat ourselves on the patio to get away from the loudness. We counted 4 security guards, 3 waitresses, and 2 bartenders. 9 Employees and it took 10 minutes to get someone to ask us if we wanted a drink. Then it took another 10 minutes to get the drink and I think there were only about 6 other customers. Most of the employees stand around and play with their phones. 

There are much better places to go in Westgate. We went to McFadden's our first night in Glendale and it became the punchline for the rest of our trip.
This place is sad! If you're looking for food in Westgate just go somewhere else. The Lettuce is wilted!!! This place is a bar that serves bar food. They are more worried about selling booze... Not a bad place if you are looking for a typical overpriced place to have a drink. Long story short I doubt they make it through the summer. I wish it would just close down so they can get some place good in their spot.
Ugh...I absolutely hate this place. Not only do the bartenders dress and look like skanks, but their service is terrible. The security guys are extremely rude. Unfortunately, places are limited ta Westgate so I have been here numerous and each time, there is always something wrong. We were there for an hour, my friend literally tripped and almost fell and we were told that we have to calm down otherwise we will get kicked out, as we were all sitting and talking (at 10:00). Sucky place, go somewhere else!
Am I getting too old for this?

Me thinks not!  Granted I'm not the youngest cat in the crowd, but I think I deserve some love don't I?  Well I guess not at McFadden's. I might not be that young lad that buys drinks for everyone and continue to pound down shots of liquor in the attempt to get myself drunk anymore.  However, I'm the guy that can actually afford it without burning a hole in my wallet - wink!  Maybe you should be looking my way next time instead of continue to serve the drunk dude down the bar who probably shouldn't be drinking anymore unless tent city is the next destination for him.  

Loud obnoxious drunks and college frat party like atmosphere only goes so far.  Let's just keep it where it belongs because I really don't know if it should be public thing unless it's a place called Vegas.  Westgate is no Vegas!  

I can party with the best, but even I felt uncomfortable here.  Let's just say if a fight broke out I wouldn't be surprised.  Patio is nice, but without a smoke vent is sucks -- yes I know the "patio" needs a smoke vent!  Unfortunately a bad experience this time; we'll see if I ever return to do a follow-up. - Enjoy!
Well, I had been warned by many people not to come here, as it seems the yelp reviews match what I've been told. So I go on a saturday night for a "night out". 

In what world is this an irish bar? Tip: turn it into a mexican party bar and you'll do much better. However I fear the the health of the patrons here. But I'll get to that in a minute.

1) wait wait, $5 cover here while no cover at saddle ranch -which has way better service? HA! 

2) service was absolutely horrendous. Yes, the bar was crowded on a saturday night, but I'm not a noob to the club scene. It shouldn't take standing at the bar for 10 minutes to get a drink when you're not 3 people deep. I've never seen so many workers behind a bar with such slow service. Everyone looking like they're working but nothing really getting done. Too many bar backs?

3) Here's the most troubling. I saw at least one bar tender scooping ice with a glass. Um, are you retarded? How do you have a job as a bar tender? This is one of the biggest no nos as a bar tender. Hope you like glass shards in your drinks! 

Definitely won't be back.

Oh and it looks like many of the TGIF restaurants in the valley are turning into Mcfaddens. Not that I went to TGIF in the first place, but definitely won't anyway.
Would not go back. With an hour wait at Yard House we decided to give McFadden's a try. Due to an event going on at the arena, there were no specials, and a very limited menu. Decided on the sliders, which came out burned to a crisp around the edges. Friend had the BLT and said it was not worth the price. Fries were seasoned well, but if the fries are the only good thing there, I'm not coming back. A busboy came by at least 10 times asking our friends plate. There was still food left, and they kept telling him no. He seemed to be getting impatient with them. When they did finish and he took the plate, I was the only one who heard him say, finally! Um, rude? Bathroom was in a horrible state. I get it, it was busy. But someone should be checking on them every half hour, at least.
My friend and I were going to a concert at jobing.com arena and my friend decided we should have dinner at McFadden's before the show.  Since she was buying I said ok.  Should have looked at the Yelp reviews first.  Also should have noticed that every other restaurant near the arena had a long wait and McFadden's... no wait at all.  This should have been a clear sign to stay away from this place but we went in anyway.  As we walked in the hostesses at the front desk were ready to seat us right away.  The male manager came toward the front desk and said "Ladies, how are you doing?"  Both of us said "Great, thanks" only to find he was looking at the girls who had walked in behind us wearing skimpy dresses.  He completely ignored us despite the fact that we were right in front of him and talked directly to him.  So rude.  Our waitress came to take our order wearing Victoria's Secret yoga pants.  Really?  I ordered water to drink because I'm not a beer fan.  The water tasted like sewer water.  It was revolting.  It was 110 degrees and muggy outside so for me to choose dehydration over that water, it was truly foul.

Both my friend and I decided to order burgers (the menu has a VERY limited selection).  She ordered hers medium rare and the waitress told her they couldn't cook it less than medium.  She said ok, whatever.  She also asked for a side of ranch and a side of mayo with the burger.  When I went to order my burger I asked for it well done.  The waitress said "sorry, we can't cook it any way other than medium."  What??  I have never been to a restaurant that was unable to cook food the way a customer wants it.  What's the point of being in business if you can't cook meat the way a customer wants it cooked??  She said on event days it's too busy for them to be able to cook anything in any different way.  There were 4 tables in the entire restaurant with patrons sitting at them.  Even the tables in the bar were empty.  So having 4 tables means they're too busy to make food the way a customer wants it.  That is flat out ridiculous.  I will not eat meat that is undercooked so I decided to order the philly cheesesteak sandwich instead after being assured the meat in that sandwich is actually cooked.

Our food arrived... my friend's food arrived with no side of ranch and no side of mayo.  The waitress brought them out later.  My cheesesteak was soggy because they use a runny cheese sauce.  My friend was also disappointed that they don't toast the buns on their burgers either.  The only redeeming thing in our meal were the fries - they were very good.  But you can get good fries anywhere.  I would never go back to McFadden's.  I'd rather wait an hour for one of the other restaurants in the area.
This is a nice spot if you don't want to wait the hour it normally takes to get a table at Yard House (which should be your first option in Westgate). It's noisy and it's loud with all the hockey fans and hockey games on all of their screens. Being a hockey fan myself, I do enjoy that atmosphere, but I know it's not for everyone. Go Coyotes!
Okay so I've seen the reviews and I think it just depends on the night of the week. We went Monday night and had a blast! There was karaoke, which I wasn't thrilled about, but the dj played good songs in between. The crowd was small, everyone was friendly and Scotty was a great bartender! Fries were good, wings tasted frozen but they made us food even after the kitchen had closed so we appreciated it. Overall it was fun and we'd go back.
I am not ok with a bar asking women to get off of their seat to make room for more people. Customer service is not priority here.
Most unpleasant restaurant experience. Well, the food anyway. Top item on the menu is Philly cheesesteak. When it was delivered, it was chicken. Apparently they didn't even inform the waitress that the menu item will no longer be served. Instead of asking if we wanted to order something else, the kitchen brought us a different dish. On top of it all, it did not taste good. The chicken had no flavor, the onions were microscopic and the peppers were also non-existent, like the cheesesteak itself. It happened to the table next to us as well. Poor waitress had no idea because she didn't deliver the food. Not worth my money.
I went there before a concert and my experience was all around bad. When my fiancée and myself walked in the greeting was poor and the host manager was rude an didn't even look up. After sitting it took 10 minutes for a waitress to arrive even though the restaurant was empty. When she did she knew the drink list but not the menu. She again took 10 minutes to get our drinks to us but our apps came out before the drinks. So I had wings and no beverage. The food was very mediocre and plain despite paying $10 for 8 wings and plain fries. I wasn't there for former but for the cost I was expecting at least B quality
AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL. Meathead bartender ? I guess. ? Walks up and escalates issue needlessly. Totally uncalled for and ridiculous. Next time I go, NO eats. Sip at a time & tip at a time.  HORRIBLE service by night crew. 6ish MST. #hopefired
The food was ok, the service was mediocre... I would probably give this place three starts but...

I checked my credit card statement a few days after going to this place and found that I had been charged and extra $20! I called to try to get that taken care of. I was told that the manager was unavailable and would give me a call back. I did not receive a call back, so I called again two days later. Still no call back. I called again today and nobody answered, so I chose the option to leave a message for the general manager. His voicemail is full!

Sooo now I guess I'm left with the option of filing a police report and contacting my credit card company.

McFadden's, that's STEALING and it's wrong! I will not be going back here, and I recommend anyone who goes here pays cash!!
The Shepherd's Pie listed on the Irish Faire section of the menu was mediocre, at best. It was soupy and greasy. It was basically ground beef soup. The vegetables were almost nonexistent. There were only a couple of bits of carrot. Peas, a customary ingredient, were missing. For $14.99, I expected a large serving and expected to take some home. The serving was less than generous. For a place that claims to be Irish, they need someone to show them how to prepare Shepherd's Pie. The Sam Adams Octoberfest was good.
Horrible service and junk food. The staff has been poorly trained or management doesn't care this place will go out of business very soon. Our whole group went after work and didn't have anyone even ask if we wanted drinks for 30 minutes after our arrival. Party of 16!
We are visiting from Seattle and went to this restaurant tonight with friends. It was an absolutely terrible experience. 

The service was incredibly slow and unattentive. We waited about 40 minutes for our food to come and we only ordered 3 appetizers to share. Our drinks took a good 10 minutes to arrive and when we asked for extra sauce or a drink refill, it never came. As we looked around, we noticed many other tables scanning the room looking for their servers as well.  

The food itself was disgusting. I'd compare it to gas station cuisine only it was served on a china plate and we paid 4 times as much for it. We ordered the "Irish Nachos" which was supposed to be crispy fries with melted cheese and other typical nacho toppings. What we got were soggy steak fries (which also ended up coming with the two other appetizers we ordered-fry overload!) soaked in fake cheese sauce with some dried up chunks of tomato. The boneless wings looked and tasted like they were straight out of a frozen package and the sliders must have have been brought over from the local fast food joint...actually, I would have preferred a fast food burger to the measly meat patty on stale bread that we were served. 

We ended up cancelling the next round of drinks that we had ordered and left very unsatisfied. An Applebees would have been a serious step up from McFadden's. DO NOT EAT HERE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!
Yuck!!
This place SUCKSSSSSSSS. Drinks are expensive and they charge a cover sometimes. A cover!?!? Idk if they still but last time I was there they did and I was like wtf. Only paid it cuz a few friends were inside already but never again. 

Service is horrible and then they allow people to dance on the bars which was gross and almost knocked over my drink. Skip this place.
Would give NO star if it were an option. What a disappointment. I traveled 100 miles to surprise my wife who is caring for relatives in the Phx area. After shopping at  a nearby outlet mall in the area, we chose McFadden's for lunch.  We had received a coupon book at the mall that had a discount at McFadden's. I should have checked yelp first. The waitress met us at the door and told us that some of the items had been deleted or altered (chicken instead of beef on their Philly Cheese Steak????) the menu has been changed but they have not come back from the printer. A very limited menu and not very cheap either. Our burgers were obviously frozen preformed patties, like you would get at Costco. Good thing it had bacon and bleu cheese, because the patty had NO flavor at all. To top it all off. The waitress would not honor the coupon. Apparently they are null and void on game days. (NHL Coyotes next door) Won't be going back to this dive again.
Went here for dinner. Place was empty. Table was sticky. Soda was not carbonated. Food took over 30 minutes to be served and everything ordered was only sandwiches and a burger. The waitress was nice but nothing else about the food was worth a second visit.
If I could have rated NO STARS I would have.  When we walked in the hostess' are cleaning the menus and rolling napkins(didnt think this was the appropiate place for that).  Asked for a kids menu, they couldnt find them, said would look some more and bring it to the table.  She never came back, had to ask our server, she said she was looking for it. Mean while shes hugging her friends when they come in the door, almost groping lol.  So she walks by I say , hows that kids menu coming? Oh we ran out.  We get out apps, onion rings and irish nachos.  Cold stale fries onion rings barely warm.  I dont send food back because I heard what they do on comebacks at some places.  Get our food, wife had corned beef and cabbage, the cabbage was spoiled , absolutely tasted so bad.  I had shephards pie, came out luke warm, not very good at all. Mother had a cheeseburger. Came out well done and cold. I bought a groupon for this place and wanted my 25 bucks that spend on that back. The hostess sucked the waitress sucked the food sucked. The manager ended up taking care of our bill. But I still had to pay 25 bucks for shiite ! Stay away from this place.
Went here before a hockey game, and got wings and a local beer, I think it was the Kiltlifter.  The prices were reasonable, the wings were just spicy enough, and the beer was good.  The beer was recommended by a bartender when I told him that I usually drink Stone or Sam Adams.  Can't complain.
Worst place I have ever been too.Food was cold,soda was waterd down and the glass had grim around the rim of it like it was never washed before being dropped off at my table there is two tables in the whole place and it took 20 minutes to receive my check as a waitress was playing grab ass with some guy with red hair I guessing was a manager.stay away!!!!!!
Extremely rude staff. The service or lack there of was ridiculous. They just built a new location at Desert Ridge that I will NEVER visit because of this experience. Good luck making it there with service like this!
IF you are a wanna be gansta, like rude service and poor quality, over priced food......MAN, You are in for a treat. EVEN the security guards have bad attitudes!
Not a great place to go before a Coyote's game, despite its prime location. As usual, Yard House had a ridiculous wait and McFadden's patio was empty so we headed over there...mistake. Go eat and drink anywhere else. Their service was atrocious and the food/prices don't make up for it. Despite being deserted, we were given a buzzer thing to wait for a table (told a 20 minute wait). We went and sat at the outside bar, which only has 3 beers on tap. After waiting for 45 minutes, we checked in at the front to see how much longer it would be. The lady said she had been calling our names over the microphone...clearly the microphone doesn't work in their outdoor space and the buzzer thing never buzzed. The hostess then told us the buzzers don't work...why give it out then? And why not get us from the bar? Having clearly requested an outdoor table, we were seated indoors. The menu is small and doesn't have much of anything interesting. We ordered onion rings, and a lot of beers. The onion rings came out immediately and based on their sogginess, they obviously had just been sitting out in the kitchen. Beers weren't poured great (small pours).
Terrible.  Absolutely terrible.  My girl and I came here after a coyotes game celebrating our anniversary. I could live with the $5 cover. I could live with waiting 20 minutes for a drink. But when the bartender who harassed us and threatened to kick us out, after waiting twenty minutes for a drink, because the door girls didn't give us wristbands turned out to be the manager, that was it. I work too hard and have too little free time to be treated like a third class citizen. Hire new management and nicer door people. Cover charges, long wait times, and douchey bartenders aren't the key to a successful business. Ask for a receipt, I caught the dude pocketing cash twice!
Never have I been treated so badly. It seems every time I eat here I get treated like I am a bother.  Why have honey hot as an option if I cannot order it. I will not be choosing mcdaddens ever for my future needs.
Wow.  I'm reading other reviews and I am shocked.  I guess if I knew beforehand, I probably would not have patronized this place.  But I will admit I only went there before the Rams/Cards game because it seemed like they least busy place.  I walked in and was told I could sit in the patio area, where the other games were on TV's.

Aside from them allowing smoking in the patio area where people are eating, I found this place to be okay.  My fish and chips were good and my waitress was very sweet.  The band was playing and everyone was in a pretty good mood in the plaza area.

Maybe I got lucky and found this place on a good day.  No theft here, used cash.
The bar has a great location right outside the hockey/football arenas so it makes it really convenient if you are attending one of these venues. The issue I had was with the bartenders...They were way too caught up in their lives and social circles to bother with anything else. It had that feeling to where you are there for them instead of them being there for you. So expect to wait on them and let them finish their conversations, flirt and so on... Too many other good bars for me to return.
One word......WOW!!!!

My family and I dined at McFadden's yesterday afternoon and I have a few things I would like to bring to everyone's attention. First of all I ordered the chili cheese nachos and the actual tortilla chips were horrible. I'm not sure if they are freshly made but if they were they were probably fried in rancid oil possibly. Secondly, while my wife was in the restroom, one of the waitresses came into the restroom while holding a customers dinner.  She went fully in and once she saw my wife she exited as fast as she could. I truly cannot believe that happened. 

Stay far away!!!!! Trust me!!!
Terrible!  First visit was a train wreck. ..literally out of 3/4 of their menu...was overcharged for what we did order, spoke with the manager who seemed sincerely apologetic and explained they had several people walk out and not show up that day along with a few other problems. Decided to give them another try since we had a $50 gift certificate for them... never, ever again!!! The place smelled like it was having sewage issues, it was completely empty of customers except us. We were given menus, spent 10 min deciding what we wanted and then the hostess came back and said she had mistakenly given us the regular menu and that they were on "event" menus this week because of all the extra games going on.  She explained that the event menu was just a condensed version of their regular menu... um NO, that was not the only difference. ..the event menu is more expensive and does not include happy hour (which we were there for). Apparently the manager was the one to direct the hostess to replace our menus. Clueless! We walked out, spent $60 at another restaurant despite having the gift card for this joke of a place and won't be back!
Bad business practices. Came here with a Groupon to try the place. We received the wrong food, bill was not corrected because we did not receive correct hamburger ( there are only 3 on the menu ), and then they refused the alcohol on the Groupon even though it Groupon includes. No happy hour specials... would not return.
If I could give 0 stars I would. I have never given a review this bad!! The food is HORRIBLE. How do you screw up a BLT. This place did! A chicken ceasar wrap with no ceasar? No dressing at all!! I was embarrassed for the pregnant waitress. It was so bad our toddler who loves to eat, didnt eat the chicken strips. Hardly any meat and they were cook to charcoal briquette perfection. I have had better food at a hospital cafeteria, much better. If you are reading this before you enter, save yoir hard earned $
I read that they would get my check wrong and sure enough, it was. Wow.  I told her to not even try to explain since I knew it would be an overcharge because they are sort of known to do this.   Wow.  this place is simply not good.  Sorry.
First time and last time.  Went for dinner with friends with a $50 restaurant card. Had to have a $100 bill to use. Started with nacho appetizer,  was ok. The entrées were not worth the price! I had the gaelic chicken. Not sure what the sauce was but it was tasteless! The guys had hamburgers with maybe 7 fries. So we decided to try a dessert after a bland dinner. Nope worse than the entrée.  The chocolate mousse literally had NO flavor!! How does that happen. 
Service was ok. Would never recommend and will not go back.
Congratulations McFadden's you've done it! You've earned the distinction of worst bar in Arizona. From the dirty(not in a good way) dance floor, awful, negligent(too busy drinking instead of serving) staff, horrible food and the audacity to charge a cover?!? Really, just please make the world a better place and close already.
Sincerely,
Every Arizona Resident.
The most disgusting shepherds pie on the planet! Service sucked, prices were ridiculous drinks were watered-down. Who's  running this place? Will never be returning!
Just completely horrible. The $16 Shepard Pie was plain old chili, mashed potatoes & cheese. Worst meal I've ever eaten!!!
Stopped by for lunch on a quiet Saturday. Our server was quick and helpful with menu questions. The food was delivered in a timely manner and warm. Had a Rueben sanwich and fries. The sandwich had potential with thick slices of corned beef inside. The beef was very tenderbut it was lacking flavor and therefore the sandwich flopped. 

My lunch companion had a chicken sandwich that was also unremarkable. The fries were pretty good. 

The beer was tasty and service was good. Sorry to say it was not worth the trip.
Depressing. Not a good sign. Completely dead on a Saturday night in the middle of Westgate. I get that there are a couple of other choices in westgate but we decided to pop in here. BIG mistake. Their menu is the typical Irish bar fare,  greasy and should've been perfect after a day of drinking. Unfortunately, this was not the case. All we wanted were pretzels. Seeing they had it on their HH menu we assumed we could just order the more expensive plate not at the discounted HH rate. Ummm, no. They won't serve anything that's on their HH menu unless it's HH. The service was poor-my friend preferred to compare them to a smelly bottom body part. We asked them what beer they had on tap and were told "we have a lot, do you want them to name them ALL?" Huh? I'm sorry that we came into your life and inconvenienced you seeing that your only purpose to be in front of us is to serve us and make sure we have a positive experience in your establishment. Clearly, that was too much to ask for at McFaddens. I've never had such a poor experience in my life. 

The food was mediocre and the bathrooms were disgusting.


Maybe, this space is cursed. The Other place that was here shut down too. 

Seeing all the reviews on here and being at a 1.5 stars should be a sign. Shut your doors and close up all ready.
Came here for dinner and drinks with an out of town friend. Not a good first impression for Arizona. The food was subpar and drinks were average. I ordered the Molly Cristo and she got the chicken wrap. Our whiskey sours were 99% watered down whiskey and a splash of sour. Pricing was okay but our waitress was not attentive, served our food and walked away without asking if we needed anything- we waited 10 minutes for her to walk by so we could get condiments. Took another 20 for us to grab her to get our bill. Food = C+, Drinks = B-, and Service = D
A table of 18 and a fairly empty restaurant with an over hour wait for food. Its ridiculous, and as our food arrives its overcooked, no condiments, and no food reprieve for the others at the table still waiting. No apologies, no checking in with us. RIDICULOUS!
This place is so poorly managed and aweful, it's difficult to make an emphasis. They just don't care about their service. At all... So odd...
Wow it was so bad
 We asked to sit on the patio and no one ever came to ask us if we wanted a drink or bring us water !!! Tables were left dirty on the patio as well .. We got up and left
 Went across to whiskey rose and the same thing !! Nobody ever came out . We walked out and so did the table next to us ...no service and no customer service. And they could care less
This one is pretty simple. Only good to grab a drink, maaaaaaaaybe two, before a game and move on
We (5 of us) went into mcfaddens  on 3/19/14 at approximately 7:13, we were sat and 10 mins went by and nobody saw us. I check the time because I'm a server myself and know about seeing people within 90 secs and we were pressed for time because we were going to a concert. So I went up to bar, after another 3 mins the bartender asked what I need and I said no one has seen us and it's been a while. The bartender came out and offered us drinks, I said we needed to order and she said go ahead. We gave 5 orders of drinks and food and she wrote nothing down. As soon as she walked away I said she would get order wrong, I knew she would because she didn't write it down. At least she made an attempt to help us because a server never did. She brought out our 1st round and some water. Then 20 mins went by and we asked about our food. The restaurant was dead, it shouldn't take that long. We stopped some random host/server and said that we have to leave and to just cancel the order. She went to tell manager after a couple mins a girl came over and said the food is ready, I said we'll take it in boxes because we have to go. Sure enough only 4 orders came out and my order was wrong. The manager said he was comping drinks for the wait and the meal that did not go out so he was going to run the payment for remainder of food. I went to go find him and tell him that my order was wrong as well, he came over and verified it was. He said we could have it anyway, and that the other order that was missing was ready. He brought it out and said he was sorry, I told him that I knew it wasn't his fault but our experience should not have happened this way. So after we left I opened up the box to the order that was missing and the bread was burnt to all 3 sliders. My friend didn't eat that, I ate part of the cold burger that I didn't order and girlfriend ate some of her wings - in the car - because we spent 50+ mins at Mcfaddens for terrible service, incorrect and burnt food that we didn't even get to eat in restaurant. Very disappointed.
DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS...
You want HORRIBLE food, mistake after mistake on your orders and service that is worse than the food.
Dear reviewers reading,
Went here last night after Whiskey Rose was shutting down for the night it was only 12 am and a lot of people were looking for more drinks good thing this place stayed open. Everything was super great the bartender put together a sex on the beach drink and there's is sweeter than Whiskey Rose which surprised me. A lot of normal drunks hanging out trying to talk and laugh. Nothing unusual next time I'll try the dance floor when its a Friday or Saturday night.
This might be the worst bar I have ever gone into.  From the moment we walked in, you could tell this place was a dump.  It is by far the dirtiest bar I ever seen.  Garbage all over the floor, and the tables a complete mess.  We decided to grab a drink outside.  The "waitress" walked by us no less than 5 times before even acknowledging us there.  When we got up to leave, one glance at the half-naked sluts dancing on the bar made us realize we were in the wrong place.  This is a strip club, not a tavern.  The bar was lined with pubescents and 50 old creeps ogling the girls.  Glendale should swoop in now and either shut this place down or make them apply for a strip club license.
Much better than the last time I was here but they still have a way to go. The drinks were good and came out fast, and the food was pretty good. Our server was sweet too.
Stopped back by there Wednesday and was told AGAIN by my server that they are going to change the menu in a few weeks. Seems like every 6 months or so they say they are changing the menu and then the fire the chef and start with a new one. This guy is the 4th one that I know of. Hope they keep him around because his jive white ass is pretty funny and the food seemed better than the last time I was there...
This is my first review on yelp because yeah am too lazy to type but this place needs a review coz it's the shittiest bar in the valley! In such a prime location it definitely needs to be shut down. This waitress forgot her name, oh how I wish I remembered the name, but she's not that important obviously, so I get there am the first person on that side of the counter so I sit, two other guys join me one on my right and one on my left. The guy on my left apparently is a frequenter there so he says hi to her n calls her name he gets served first. The other guy on the right gets a hi and how are u doing what would u like me to serve u, he gets his ice tea, all this time am just looking at her waiting on her to even look at me and acknowledge my presence but apparently that was too much to ask. She finally did and served my beer. It was happy hour lets just said I had one beer and tipped $0 because that's exactly what she deserves. I hate to do that but they gotta close the place up no need to go in somewhere n leave more pissed!
Well, after reading the reviews I got worried..
Had a $25.00 Groupon coupon so figured we would try it.
Dinner started out ok..

We ordered our food. Burgers and chicken wrap.

Food was ok. Burger seemed to be a prepatty?

Well then it got interesting.

Online menu shows burgers $10. Paper menu shows $11.00
Bill came up as $12.00???

Watch your bill.. seems fishy to me..

Asked waitress about it, no kidding she asks me....
"Would u like me to take that off?"

And then we only ordered one soda, ran up as two..
Asked server about it and she said to get the $25 off the bill had to be $50.00 so she just added the 2nd drink on???

So I asked to have the $2.00 off for the Over priced burgers & $3 for the soda.. and I ordered dessert to go to allow bill to be $50.
 
She brought bill back still with the extra Soda.
I asked her about the extra $3..

No kidding she asks again....
"Would you like for me to take that off"

Wow... this was crazy...
When someone tells you you won a free Happy Hour (no cover for you and your party) and $2 drinks the saying "Too good to be true" should come to mind here at McFadden's. Only limited well drinks are $2 and they are so watered down you don't taste anything and house margaritas are not included.  I ordered 2 different drinks and they both came with cracked and chipped glasses that leaked all over me and the table. I then thought "ok, Irish pub" so I ordered a Jameson's and it was awful!  I asked what they gave me and the waitress couldn't tell me, I asked what Irish whiskey they had and she told me 1 type of Jamison's and that's it!!!!  Please save yourself the time and effort to come here, it's not worth the "free" drinks!  If I could give this place negative stars it would be the full 5 negative.
Not impressed with the food and customer service. The prices were high but didn't match in quality. I ordered the Mongolian flavored wings for an app. The flavor was ok but the chicken was dried out. I ordered the fish and chips with regular fries which ended up being a $4 up charge?! I thought fish and chips was fish and fries?! The F&C totaled $17. I could only handle 2-3 bites of the fish and couldn't do all the breading. It was about 15% fish and 85% breading. I ordered the F&C because the server said it was his favorite and recommended it. My fault for taking his word. I was hoping he might comp at least 50% of it but no such luck. Also, we didn't get a refill until we were about to leave. We will never be going back there, even with a coupon/gift certificate.
Do not eat here. I would give negative stars if I could. Waitress charged me $10 more.  When disputing it, she said that's because of tax, when it clearly said subtotal. It was my birthday and I waited an hour and a half for my bill, missed my movie. The manager is even worse. He slammed the receipt and rolled his eyes. I couldn't believe it. I wasnt rude, I was just disputing the charge. Theres a whole list more to say negative about this place, but it would be 2 pages long. ALSO, check your bill, they will try to charge you extra than what the menu states.
Not even nice for a sports bar. The bathrooms could use a lot of work. The stainless steel stalls of the bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. Seat cleaners were empty and one door was had duct tape holding it together as a repair job. Seems like any chain restaurant should have better standards than this.

The bar was not busy but we waited forever for drinks, appetizers and refills. I was not impressed and my boss who suggested McFadden's after our event at UOP stadium, was very displeased.

We had a group of no more than 8 people, who arrived one by one. The server was unable to get drinks and orders taken in a timely manner for new guests. We ordered hummus for the table and when the pita and cucumbers were all gone, by boss asked for more pita to finish our hummus. There must have been some sort of mixup with another order that was placed because the pita still didn't show up after 20 minutes had passed. The manager had an excuse about the server ringing in an order as an appetizer vs. entree. I'm aware this mistake happens in serving. I was a server for years, but in this situation I feel that if you ask the kitchen for some pita, it shouldn't take that long even if the server made a mistake with the order. It only takes a minute to heat up and put on a plate. We could have been satisfied with a simple we are sorry and we are working on fixing it right now. 

It seemed like even the manager would rather make an excuse than just get the job done. A manager should set the example and level of customer service for the whole restaurant. It was a sad display. 

I don't see myself returning to McFadden's for any reason in the future.
I was really looking forward to this spot, as Hotel San Carlos is such a dynamic location and lends itself so well to a lounge environment. But my experience was less than stellar. Less than mediocre, actually. But I can see this turning into a prime night spot if some changes are made. Like: neutralizing that funky odor; lowering the bartender side of the bar area, so they aren't towering over you; banning staff from using cell phones on the job; discouraging staff from sitting on the bar (this should be alleviated once the leveling of the bartender zone is completed); educating the staff on the history of Hotel San Carlos [come on, people! You host a haunted hotel event every October. It's fun to learn the freaky side of the property along with the hip end of it.] 

Will I be back? More than likely. But some serious attention needs to be paid here. Prior to being served, I envisioned this as a primo location for hosting a '30s gangster event, with cigar smoking on the patio, martinis, clappers and all the glamor of that era. I can still see it, just not as passionately. Fix your issues, or be prepared to vanish like a ghost after a proper smudging.
Overpriced, and they can get ticky-tacky with the bill at the end of the night. The drinks are strong which isn't always a good thing. My friend was drinking screwdrivers which amounted to a glass of vodka and a splash of OJ. After a few sips she asked for a little more OJ. When we closed out, there were three $1.50 charges for the extra splash of OJ. Seemed a little cheesy to me. Just do yourself a favor and go next door to Seamus McCaffery's next door.
So, I feel like I shouldn't have liked this place as much as I did but this place was fun as hell! I was sober, too, so that gives me a shred of credibility! This was our last stop on our date night and we were going to do the walk-by thing and see what was up. As we approached (11:30pm on a Sat night), I could hear the dance music pumping, see alot of people in the front which were encouraging signs. There was no cover and it wasn't overly crowded.  I felt like the mix of people were the standard downtown crowd which was a mix of EVERYTHING! I had to love the people dressed in 80's clothes and the guy with the mullet wig. We had a vodka tonic and two shots which came out to $19...not bad. I really loved the music and attempted to dance off the Padre's we had for dinner. This place is literally an extension of the San Carlos hotel lobby so the room with the DJ and dance floor was all carpeted, remniscent of banquet rooms. But other than the carpeted dance floor, it was a really fun place. The entrance towards the bar was marble floors with a chandelier overhead (hotel decor) and there were a few touches to fit with the haunted theme (since Hotel San Carlos is haunted).  Don't come here expecting it to be a fancy bar/club. Some things were a little cliche and cheesy but I thought that made it fun.
So this is my 2nd shot at Ghost Lounge. Teh first was a few weeks ago with a buddy of mine and it wasn't so hot. We got there kind of early when they were still doing the stand-up comedy (which could be totaly great) but they comedian wasn't funny, so it was kind of lame and we bounced out. 

Wifey and I just finished drinks at Hanny's and I wanted to take her by Ghost Lounge, just to show her what it was all about. She's a huge fan of anything haunted, and the Hotel San Carlos, so I figured it was at least worth the walk--by. The DJ was in full on party mode, and there was a pretty decent sized crowd. got a few drinks, danced for a while. I really had a great time at this little spot. Its definitely not your typical dance club or even bar, but that's part of the charm. If you don't go with too high of expectations and just want to dance and have some drinks at a iaid back cool little spot, this is it. Snottsdaliens need not apply.
White Rabbit Saturdays and the stand up comedy show before the music gets going is my favorite way to spend Saturday night. The drinks are a good deal (discounted beer and vodka...can't remember details but nothing I had was more than 5 dollars per drink) and the music after the comedy show is great. It's not your typical nightclub... so the place doesn't get sweaty or overcrowded. You can still hear the tunes from the bar if you aren't interested in dancing theres a place for you. There is a very nice patio in the front of the hotel with ample seating and myst system. It's like a perfect hybrid of nightclub/lounge/everyone-knows-your-name bar. Something for everyone.
I wasn't impressed. I got carded. Really? I'm 37 and have visible gray. I'd rather go next door to Seamus'.
And here we have stop #4 on the Urban Wine Tour. We strutted our way down to the Hotel San Marcos and it immediately reminded me of the uber-adorable Mosser Hotel in San Francisco. This puts me in a zen, relaxed state of mind and I prepare myself for an enjoyable time in the lounge. 

They did not disappoint! (Of course, since it's the 4th stop on the wine tour, perhaps my vision may or may not have been slightly impaired.) 

ANYWHO! The place was crowded, but as soon as we walked in 3 spots opened up at the bar, ROCK STAR PARKING? WHAT!? OH HELLS YEAH! So we sit down, the bartender then tells us that for the Urban Wine Tour they aren't just doing the single sample...they are doing ALL THREE! Ooooh Weee! Now you're speaking my language (although they had already run out of the advertised bruschetta, I was in no mood to complain). All 3 wine samples were tasty, proper temperatures and all! I especially enjoyed the merlot he served us (can't recall if it was the item listed or if he decided to wing it for us though). 

It was obvious that we weren't the only ones who were feeling the vibe of the place, it is not a large place, but something about it invites you to chat with the people around you. It just FEELS friendly in there. Totally different than the first 3 places we stopped at. 

Needless to say, I'll be back.
Had high expectations for the lounge of the Hotel San Marcos, stopped by out of curiosity on Urban Wine Walk.  While initially was happy to stumble upon a rather throwback gem, impression quickly waned both with the bar's ill-planned choice of serving out of plastic cups, jarringly incongruent with the hotel's Monaco feel, and the wines being barely drinkable. Took us all but 10 minutes to make our exit.
Jason the bartender is great. Other than that, food is average and waiters walk right past you.
I have found myself here a few times.  Mostly on Saturdays around 9 for thier Comedy Shows (and Reverse Happy Hour).  I have a thing for local comedy.  Yea, sometimes the comedians are a little rough around the edges but they all have to get their practice, test out their style and get their starts somewhere.   

A few times I stick around later for the DJ.  They usually spin some great mixes and vary their DJs now and again.  When it gets packed the flow is a bit difficult and it can be tough to get a drink at the bar at that point.  When that happens I usually find my way back to a bar closer to home.
What a great place, the cocktails are amazing the atmosphere is like no other place ive ever been. There is a little gem at this establishment and her name is Dawn. She is the hotels Tarot card reader and what an amazing and insightful person she is. Her energy is calm and inviting and her presence is larger than her petite frame. She is passionate about her ability and show during her readings. I highly recommend visiting her if you are ever at the San Carlos Ghost Lounge.
I've been to this place a couple times, but the first time was for a comedy show that I decided to go to pretty much at the last minute and was late for, and a result I wasn't here very long and never got a good feel for the place. I came here again for a birthday, light rail pub crawl and I'm still not sure how I feel about the place. 

I was here on a Friday, and it was empty. I'm not a "club" person, and I'm usually all for going to places where I can actually sit & have a conversation with the people I came with, but this place just seems like it's funner when there's people around (if that makes any sense). It sounds like this place has more going on, on Saturdays from the sounds of the reviews (I didn't see/hear a DJ when I was here), so maybe that's a better night to come. 

I do like the bar area though, and there's a place with couches and skeleton that's fun to taken drunken pictures with. Our group was here for about an hour and we pretty much spent the whole time over in that area. The drinks are reasonably priced, and they do have drink specials on the weekends (I don't remember what they are though). 

Overall, this place is just kind of a weird atmosphere for a hotel bar. I'd come back (maybe on a Saturday when there's more going on), but it would probably be part of a bar night on the light rail (that's why I came here this past time). I wouldn't come downtown just for this place though.
The old time ambiance is great in here! I love the creative names of the good on the menu..so cute. The Phantom of The Opera was my favorite so far. It's a chicken sandwich... You'll have to go try it for yourself. The best night to go is a night you wouldn't think of going out, Monday. They have the Savoy Night Swing Dance that night. I've posted an event for the next Monday night. It's $8... Which includes an east coast swing lesson and free dance...plus they keep the happy hour specials on all night.
This is a great place to start a night in downtown Phoenix.  The hotel has an interesting/haunted history.  During the fall there are ghost tours, but if you stay the night, you might get one of the staff to show you around.

There are some nice historical photos of Phoenix on the walls, and chandeliers hanging.  (I'm always a fan of a chandelier).  The drinks were reasonable, and it's a good location to walk to other bars/restaurants in phoenix.
Undecided but 3 stars for now.  Outside small patio area seemed much more crowded than the sprawling interior.  Still had some Hotel San Carlos'esque' touches with chandeliers, plush formal seating room, old school hotel carpet .... but you still didn't get the 'vintage hotel' vibe from the bar.... which was somewhat disappointing.  

I was mostly bummed with my experience because the bar the advertising 80's and 90's night... but it was all 2011 top 40 singles... WTF?!?!... I was looking forward to jamming to Duran Duran and Toto.  

Drinks were well priced and strong ... my favorite combination.  The bartenders were really great and of course location location location... Right in the heart of downtown, a hop skip and a jump from Civic Center Park (or Jellyfish Park as I like to call it), and best of all its attached to the haunted Hotel San Carlos.  

If you stop in to Ghost Lounge do yourself a favor and explore the hotel.  FYI the pool on the third floor is alway unlocked if you want to dip your feet in on the sly ;)
I am lovin the ambiance of this lounge! As soon as you step inside you forget that you are in Downtown Phoenix. It's kind of dark and has a bit of a vintage feel to it. I met some friends here after work for an art show and had a great time. This is a great place to go to on a date or to grab some drinks with friends. I ordered the strawberry pecan salad and it was just ok the chicken was bland and the lettuce was a notch under being fresh. I had a glass of their house white wine and enjoyed chatting it up with my friends and checking out the art and live performances.

I give it 3 stars for ambiance and 1 star for the food, I'm sure I'll be back and give the food another try!
I definitely had a 5 star time there only because I was there with some 5 star friends. To be more critical, they were just lacking some juice. This place has some potential but management is lacking funds and/or creativity. They have a lot of open space that is taken up by carpet with scattered tables and chairs. The DJ was playing random music, from Latin, to old school, to pop. It didnt help that he only had one speaker!! Dancing was just not the same. Ha!

I reserved the little room in the back for my birthday and the price was very reasonable to book it with a bottle of champagne and vodka. They had it chilled on ice with lots of soda and juices. However, they left it all as self serve. We mixed our own drinks and the only thing we were able to order in our room was some nachos. We were never assisted throughout the night.

Having the reserved VIP section was what kept us there. If it wasnt for that, I dont think I would have stayed very long.
Been here for two Saturdays in a row. The first time was awesome. It was packed and lively and they had $4 vodka red bulls all night. The music was good, too.

The second time, it was completely dead. Probably because the first time the place was packed with people that were on some sort of pub crawl. Anyway, it was like a total different venue second time around. Good thing it is walking distance to a bunch of other places so we had the option to leave and go somewhere else. 

So I guess this place is hit or miss. It can be fun if there is an event going on. I hear they have an awesome zombie extravaganze on Halloween thats pretty amazing. Will have to check that out, maybe.
I don't really know about the Ghost Lounge. It seems like it doesn't really know what it wants to be. I have only ever been on Saturday nights, and I always get a weird vibe from it. The lounge itself is huge, but there are never very many people here, save for some groups that maybe just wandered in after walking around and hearing the music. There is always a DJ on Saturdays, and if memory serves me correctly, it is usually a mix of Top 40 hip-hop. There is a decent-sized patio out front with a nice mister system, but then there is an enormous dining (?) area that is always dark with random tables pushed to the sides of the room, decorated with tourist-y pictures of Old West Arizona. I dunno what this part is about but it always just feels lonely. The bartenders, drinks, beer selection and prices are all great, but I just don't feel like this bar offers anything very special in comparison to some of its nearby competitors.
I have been here a few times and it is never the destination bar. We always wind up here after A: a night of bar-hopping and wanting one final drink before we head home, or B: when neighboring Seamus McCaffrey's is too crowded to get a drink.
Ghost Lounge.... Where do I even begin? If you live in the immediate downtown area, it is very convenient and centrally located. I've been here so many times, but can't really say I've had an outstanding experience. The bartenders and servers are great! Quick to get to you, and very knowledgable in their alcohol! It's the crowd I guess... Unfortunately, downtown Phoenix doesn't attract much of any crowd, so Ghost Lounge's customer base usually consists of a weird mixture of tourists and locals. There is always a subpar dj. There is a "swing" night one night a week... people get all decked up and swing dance.... good for them... swing is still alive and well...

My (only) favorite part about this lounge is the actual bar area itself! Very antique-y and supposedly haunted, it just gives off a very creepy vibe... And the patio with misters that actually work make for a relaxing evening on a hot summer night... as long as you don't mind fending off the homeless guys trying to bum cigarettes and money.
Pretty good drinks. Cool atmosphere. Knowledgable bartender. Had a great time last time I was there and I will return.
Cool old hotel, interesting ghost stories. But everything else is just so-so. Stopped in at Happy Hour and overpaid for a couple of drinks. The place was seriously dead as a doornail at 5:45 PM on a Friday afternoon. That says something about the community reception to the Ghost Lounge. 

Don't order drinks with tonic. Something is wrong with their dispenser -- waitress was nice enough to replace it however. Overall, I was not very impressed and won't be back.
Ugh.  Gross space, rude and slow bar tender.  Did not know the answer to the question "what do you have on tap"?  The reply, "I don't know, I don't really like beer."  Not sad to leave.
Went in last Sat afternoon about 3:45.  They open at 3pm but there was nobody except me and my friend and a couple at the bar.  Dining room was all torn up so we could not sit there.  We waited 45 minutes to order some food.  Bartender said they didn't know where the cook went to and kept calling.  After 45 min wait we decided to go somewhere else.  Will try it once again in a few weeks and if its the same will write it off my list of downtown restaurantsthat I want to try.
What better place to go on Halloween weekend than a haunted hotel bar, right!? Wrong! This place has so much potential, especially on Halloween, but they are not doing something right. The music was bad. Staff was not very friendly, except the door guy, he was cool! Not very many people. Needless to say, we didn't stay very long.

A definite lack of imagination and marketing!!! Really, this place should be poppin' for Halloween, it's a freaking haunted hotel and the bar is called ghost lounge!! Today I checked out their website and they serve food and have specialty drinks. Ummm, I didn't see any menus on Saturday, if I had, I probably would have ordered a specialty drink and they would have made a few extra bucks off of me! Such poor marketing and planning! 

Our drinks were only $4 each!! Pretty cheap. However, I ordered a sex on the beach and what I got was not what I expected. I googled it and apparently there is a version that has midori in it, but I was expecting vodka, peach schnapps, oj, and cran. 

I will give this place another chance and I hope I have a better experience next time!
2nd attempt at this place. The only reason we did go back is that we had a gift certificate (which is now useless).   Aftef the disappointment a few weeks back we decided fo call to be sure they had a cook on duty and we could get something to eat.  They told us they would be serviing appetizers until 7pm.  We got there about 2:30 and asked the bartender/manager if they had a cook there and got a completely different story than the one on the phone.  Not only do they no longer serve lunch or dinner but they don't even serve appetizers.  What a crock of ____!!!  How can they ever stay in business?  People want food when they are drinking.  The manager gave us a story that they bought only the bar and the restaurant was a separate entity..We will definitely not be going back for the 3rd time nor ever again. Kiss my certificate goodbye!!!!!!
We went in around 830pm on a Friday night and it was very quiet inside.  We asked about any DJ or live music and the bartenders explained that they have a DJ but not sure when they were coming in.  We had a couple of drinks and hung out for about 45 min. and still no music.  This bar has so much potential with it's awesome location within the historical Hotel San Carlos.  I was so disappointed to not have it be more lively or organized enough to have a DJ that comes in a specific time each night on the weekends.  Prices were average for the bar.  It felt like this place hasn't been updated in a while and there is like a huge bubble lamp with a hot pink light inside.......... the cool part is the chandeliers and the "VIP" section that looks like my grandma's living room.
This place is unfortunately often overlooked, probably due to insufficient marketing. The place has a cool, pre-retro (as in forties or fifties?) feel. It's kind of lush or WAS lush and I can't determine whether the decidedly worn tired feel adds to the appeal of this place to me.

Anyway, this is not a bad place to hang out but it wouldn't be the highlight of a night  out in downtown Phoenix. I have to say that we got great, attentive service with exactly ZERO attitude and that is a large part of why I am giving this place four stars.

You'd probably want to start here rather than end up here but all in all, Ghost Lounge will definitely be on my next downtown bar hop.
5th stop on the dine around tour. 

The allure of mango, berry, and pomegranate vodka and gin mixed with oj, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice aka their Tropical Zumbie lured us to stop in, as we weren't really interested in trying anything else. We walked in, and were kind of shocked at the mix and match of all of the decor in the place. In the front were those fake wood tables with, as what Jon described them as, chinese buffet chairs, which was stark empty. Most of the crowd was in the bar area and the little lounge behind the bar. The nice bouncer directed us to have a seat wherever we liked, and we decided to just grab our drink from the bar and get a seat in the lounge. 

We each got a drink and plopped ourselves down. The drink left much to be desired, though I will say it was strong. We pounded them down, remarking on the lackluster decor and were outta there. I can't say I'll be back.
best five dolla balla burger and fires in the downtown. Downtown devils should show this place some love or this devil of a lizard will make you pay for your atomic ways. I wouldn't do it for a happy hour or drink, but for lunch on a weekday? this is the SPOT!
CLOSED. I called the Hotel San Carlos. It is, indeed, closed. I'm so super sad. So many great memories in this place. :( Sob.
Not impressed. Had the chicken satay after 2 recommendations from the servers...it was bland and tasted mostly like peanut butter. The portion was small, and I finished it in a few minutes. I didn't think it was worth it, and it was a free meal. I couldn't imagine paying the full price of $22 and being happy!
beautiful, one of my new favorite pools in Vegas..and they're still renovating :) you really do feel like you are in Miami or the south of France with the layout of the pool wrapping around different areas, and all of the grass, cabanas, bridges and bars. Part of the pool and some jacuzzis are partly covered to avoid the sun. Can't wait to see the rest when it is done.
They are definitely still working some kinks out, but I'll give them that since it was opening weekend over Memorial Day.  Overall it's a pretty cool place.  White decor with cabanas, it's an indoor and outdoor club/pool.

Color me impressed Tropicana, you have done some nice renovations. 

Bottle service areas have ledges where they encourage dancing, however they need some rails because that shit ain't safe because drunk bitches be dancing in high heels have no balance.  Beware, only females are allowed to dance up there.  If you're a guy, you'll get kicked off the ledge! hahaha true story
WOW!  Tropicana has done it I tell you.  The Casino is completely remodeled as well as all the rooms, but my review is not about the Hotel.  Tropicana recently opened its new day club (Nikki Beach) and night club (Club Nikki) on May 26th.  This place is off the charts!  The beach club is an all white theme, with white day beds everywhere.  They even have some kick ass white "Tee Pee" cabanas.  The pool is a little small but the day club is simply amazing.  The vibe is much more up my alley compared to other day clubs like Rehab and Wet Republic.  In these two clubs there are numerous drunk college kids and what I like to call Guebos (Jersey Shore type guys that are completely ripped and like to do monkey dances as they try to attract the opposite sex).  Not at Nikki.  They are a little more strict there (dress code, no drinks in the pool, guys cant dance on ledges, etc).  Don't get me wrong you can still have fun Vegas style. but the rules tend to not attract that "party till Im retarded" type crowd.  The service could be better honestly, the staff was all incredibly friendly but I felt like it took an hour to get a drink once we ordered it from our cocktail waitress.

Now the night club....
    Again....wow!  This is a smaller club compared to most but the atmosphere was very similar to the pool, chill but people are here to party.  They have an amazing light show to dance with, the dance floor is fairly good size, and they have plenty of tables.  They also have three bars around the club which makes it nice ordering a drink (you dont have to wait forever compared to other clubs that have one bar).  Elaine was right, they have a wood platform around the dance floor that girls can get up and dance on, but if you are of the male sex security will grab your ass down within a heart beat.  NOW HERE IS THE BEST PART OF THE CLUB: They have a champagne muse (looks like a circle chandelier) that goes around a track on the roof and will drop down from the ceiling to your table if you order certain types of champagne.  Their is a beautiful girl on it dressed like an Angel and she will literally deliver the bottle to your table while being dropped from the roof!  Awesome right!?!? 

 If you are debating about going to check out these clubs because they are located at the "ghetto Tropicana" I would wait no longer.  Tropicana has outdone itself and I can honestly say these clubs are among the top clubs in Vegas.  GO!!! =)
Club Nikki! Surprisingly nice club! Who would have thought to go to Tropicana for a fun night? I sure didn't! 

I didn't get to witness the angels descending from the ceiling serving drinks, but I can see how this place could be rockin' if more people discover it. The guy with the drums is a really nice touch. Every club should have a drummer controlling the bass! The club is really small but it has a lot of potential. Britney Spears is supposed to be at the after party this weekend. We just barely missed her!
I'm probably giving this a four because it is my first beach club i've been to in vegas. It's pretty small but it's intimate, I like that. I also like all the white beds and tables around the place. Makes it feel like an actual beach and bright, and the wooden furniture give the place great contrast. 

PS: I love the little seats and table they have underneath/behind the waterfall. Great view of the entire place.
This place was awesome. We had a VIP bed and they treated us like kings. Thank you to Michael Sin for hooking us up! Lots of highly attractive folks here - hot weather, cool pool, amazing DJ.
I've been to Encore Beach Club, Wet Republic, and The Palms and I must say that the level of service at Nikki Beach is second to none. The food seems pricey until you see the portions they come in. If I had to choose for a pool party, it would definitely be Nikki Beach.
It's a great mix of people and a fun time!

THE DIRTY:
While there were "cocktail waitresses," not one came up to us, ever. We were there for 4 hours..... just saying.
The people who work at the walk-up bar are soooo sweet/awesome/amaze-balls!

THE SCENE:
It was pretty random. I was def the hottest chick there, but that's not to say that there wasn't eye candy. It was just a true blend of people and social diversity. But, the main focus was that we all wanted to have fun! LOVE it!

OVERALL:
Someone jacked my sunglasses, whatev...
Poor chair-side service....
The pool water was chilly....
A good vibe from the people there....
Order a Mojito! Sooo Good!!

I can't say if i recommend or not, bc i was there on e Wednesday and it wasn't crackin'.


xo-
andrea
Wayyyy too packed at Nikki Beach. 

Tip: Be sure to find a promoter to get in for free, cause I don't think it'd be worth it to pay. 

We went on a Saturday afternoon. Nikki Beach looks nice, I like the all white theme and intimate environment. However, the pool is so small and it was so packed. We couldn't find space for our party of 15+, so we decided to just hang out at the regular pool.
We were there with my girl,on Sun 7/17 - we had a great time by the pool!-) Sun,drinks,beautiful woman next to me...what else to ask for ???..-)))
Happening pool. I give 4 star bc the pool is small but the music is great.
I went to the opening of Club Nikki last night. So this will be a review one the club portion only.

It was a disaster! The club was so disorganized. You couldn't tell where general admission , table reservations, general admission, etc. was. I've been to several clubs and this one was a HOT MESS. I am hoping that it is just beginners jitters. Seriously, I haven't been that frustrated in a club in a long time, especially since these places literally kiss your ass when you have bottle service.

Get it together, Nikki Beach. They layout and look of the place is pretty awesome and the fact that the Tropicana keeps telling all the big casino corporations to effe up, I want it to do well.
Let's just say Vegas treated us like royalty - and Nikki Beach was the crowning glory.

This place is like Nikki Beach Miami, amplified. Everything's sparkling white and brand new. Absolutely gorgeous setup, with a waterfall, white daybeds and teepees everywhere.

From our own personal bodyguard, to the VIP host, to the lush teepee where we made our home, to the drinks & food we were served - to the spot-on service from every single employee, we were in LOVE.

Granted, I can't speak to cost as I wasn't involved in that aspect - but to say this setup was pricey is probably a major understatement. The teepees beat out a cabana any day, with a flat screen TV, insanely comfy couches, fully stocked everything ... just badass.

If you're in Vegas, this is a must visit. It's classy, sexy, spotless and beats out every beach club I've been too. Yes, the pool is small (given the number of occupants this place could probably hold), but that's one minor blip on an otherwise perfect establishment.

If I'd only had a Tiffany's tiara, I would've sworn we were Princesses. A girl could get used to this.
This place can kiss my ass.
Don't try to sit down at one of the million empty tables. They will try to kick you out.
Order a glass of water..$7. really? After the $10 drinks? Eat it. 
avoid At all costs
So, the day before my friend and I decided to hit Nikki Beach, I texted a host contact of mine for the guestlist. Score! Since we were going on a Thursday (industry day), he hooked us up with a daybed. We walked into Trop and got immediately confused and turned around (everything looks so much shinier and newer) and ended up at the Cafe to ask for directions. Security decided to escort us over to the indoor entrance (so we wouldn't have to go outside just yet) which was further back by a pool gift shop. There were several hosts around, all of whom were very friendly. One of them checked our reservation and confirmed that it was comped with no F&B minimum. Yay! It was about an hour and a half past opening and the place was pretty crowded. So glad we got the daybed because those are the closest areas to the water and if you don't have a daybed or cabana, you're pretty much sitting on the low walls that surround the area. Our server was very friendly but service was a little slow since there were so many people around. The one thing my friend and I noticed about the actual pool was the depth. The majority of the water is MUCH deeper than a lot of the other over 21 pools. For the most part, everyone was pretty chill and friendly and the crowd was definitely different from the usual fist pumping group (they were present, of course, but there was more variety here). The pool is a bit small but definitely cleaner looking than Bare and Tao Beach. The whole area is a bit smaller as well but it did have a much more intimate and hidden space which I really liked. Overall a great experience, I will be back!
The Tropicana has out done itself! Nikki Beach Day and Night Club is a  beautiful white oasis! I came for  the Day Club. It  had a nice vibe and the DJ tapped into it very well.  We had beers for $8 each and a $30 quesedilla so be prepared for the sticker shock.  The good news is that it was delicious and large enough portioned to be sharable. The pool was small but in a way that was kewel since it forced you to be more social. The staff was beautiful - they remembered to hire hot guys too! I went on August 7th and the bartender was friendly, attentive, and serving up drinks with the freshest ingredients!  The crowd was a sexy eclectic diverse mix of ethnic, age, and social backgrounds.  I hope it stays that way.
ohh how I love thee....Nikki Beach is def the place to be if u happen to visit Vegas....
Miami Nikki has nothing on this one...I mean...starting from the brand new cabanas, Teepes and top notch customer service...I'm in love! 
We had an awesome time, with our very own personal bodyguard , how can a girl ask for more. My only complaint..if any..would be the size of the pool...it seemed a bit tiny compared to others we've seen...but heck...it was packed and it was FUN!!! 
Thank you Nikki...you rock!!!
Went here for the nightclub last Saturday. I didn't have high expectations since it was a small club at the Tropicana i hadn't really heard to much about it and the guest was Dennis Rodman, who knew he was still alive. It was a going away party for a local friend and we decided to go big since we really like her and got an indoor cabana with the neighboring corner booth. I got pretty drunk and stayed at the cabana pretty much the entire time, and had no complaints about my time there except for loosing my camera which is a personal problem. I enjoyed the girls dressed as angels coming down to deliver the bottles I though that was really cute and fun. The music was great and the company was even better.. Its in my opinion that this club was a little bit cheaper then some of the others. We got a buy one get one deal and had belvedere and circoc delivered to the table, Everything was executed in a professional manner and we had a lot of fun.
The day before we had attended the pool party at Hard Rock, and let me say, this set the bar for pool parties in Vegas. 

Here is my story, and its just one story but it left a bad enough taste in my mouth I had to leave a review.

We show up at about 11:45am, pool opens at noon. About 15-20 people are waiting. (this is saturday). Line forms, nice enough staff up to this point. Free admission, no problems. The slew of about 10-12 bouncers are now text messaging like crazy for the entire time we are waiting, which if you've been to Vegas is just obnoxious, but its part of their job.

My wife is stopped in front of me and this conversation takes place.

Bouncer: Can you smile please?
My wife: (laughing) Really? 
Bouncer: This isn't the first time I checked an ID miss (sternly)

I laugh, hand my ID and we continue to the "pool". The rest of our party follows.

The club area we walked through looks pretty cool, nice decor etc. No complaints for this.

First thing we notice, the pool is about the size of a nice health club hot tub. And its stadium seating day beds. If you want to lay out, I suppose this is pretty good, but it was advertised as a pool, and this big pool party. 

We nab a menu, figure we should order some buckets of beer. 

Nope, but they do have $70 buckets of some fruity drink...

And out we walked. In the end, looked like it had potential, but the setup compared to hard rock was EXTREMELY weak. I highly suggest you check out one of the more popular pool scenes in Vegas.
Horrible horrible experience.  Went here to check it out on word of mouth.  Got there around noon only to have to wait until the staff felt like there were enough people there to make it look cool to come in.  

Got in with no charge because we were interested in renting a day bed.  Got in and saw the size of the pool and that NO ONE was there, and just left.  It was laughable how small the pool was compared to other places.

We walked out and I plan to never go back.
SUCH A GOOD TIME!

This was my first Vegas pool party experience. I went there on a Thursday pretty early like at 12:30 and it was kind of dead. We were on some list so both got free but I am pretty sure everyone got in free. They mentioned daybeds you just had to spend $50 but my boyfriend doesn't really drink so wasn't sure if it would be worth it. Since it was pretty empty we found a place to put our stuff and it was fine.

The pool is TINY.. like the size of my pool at my apartment. The actual place is pretty big with rows of daybeds that didn't fill up but I assume it may be because it was a Thursday or it just doesn't get that busy here. Drinks are average Vegas prices. We chilled in the pool for a few hours. The crowd is fun.. very mixed! DJ was good. both played hip hop all day.. Fun atmosphere with beach balls and people just hanging out. Since the pool was so small I felt like it was so easy to talk to people and make friends. I've been to Encore beach and its SO big and spaced out that it is totally not like that. I had a great time but def want to check out the rest of the pools before the season is over!
Horrible beer selection. Is this a high end establishment or a frat party. They sell frat party beer.  Pathetic really, it's 2011. I don't care who your beer vendor is, etc.  Stock better beer. The nasty part is the beer they do sell is the kind that makes people have to go pee alot.  And there's already a very crowded pool full of drunk people.  EEEK.
Drinks are pricey $35 for two drinks. Pool is on the small side.
Best place for some good ole' fun!! I recommend to anyone visiting Vegas.. Ant the Tropicana is looking good to boot!
After being at Encore beach club and some of the other Vegas day parties I wasnt  too impressed with Nikki Beach. I came here because I heard it was the newest day club and the reviews made in seem like it was going to be a good time. We came on a Saturday around 1pm. I was expecting a line but we walked right in. So glad we did not have to pay a cover. Although the layout was nice, the decor was cool, the pool was a huge disappointment. It's tiny! There was no one there!  After staying for about an hour we went back to our hotel pool which was packed. If your looking for a relaxing place to tan or dip your feet this is the place for you.
Okay... What do you get when you cross a $500 table and bottle service, a Michael Jackson impersonator, and a half-naked transsexual dressed up like a very convincing and more disturbing Joker ala Heath Ledger?

That's right!! Halloween in Vegas!

Some guy wrapped these bands around our wrists while strolling down the strip and we decided that Nikki Beach would be the designated spot to get both our drink and freak on. We weren't entirely disappointed.

The bands that the guy said would get us in free actually got is on for $10 off admission. What are you going to do... it's Vegas right?

So table service is $500.00, yes I said $500.00. It comes with one bottle of your choice and mixers. We skipped out on the table service and ponied up to the bar and bought our drinks the old fashioned way... one at a time. The drinks were EXPENSIVE, but again it's Vegas. This is the only place in America where you can buy a vodka and Redbull on the street for $6 and pay $16 for the same drink in a club.

The dance floor was adequate but the place got packed quick. As far as the tables were concerned... they were ALL reserved for people willing to shell out $500 to sit down. So, you either danced or stood. No sitting allowed. The DJ was good but his mixing was horrible. He went from fast song to slow song with very little thought in transition. It made dancing kind of difficult. The coolest part of the night was the MJ impersonator. At first, i was thinking "cheesy" but the guy was really good. Afterwards though, it was all downhill. I know night clubs are supposed to be packed but this was a little ridiculous. I probably wouldn't go back to Nikki Beach, one because I'm not really a club goer and two because this place was pretty lackluster considering the prices.

Oh yeah, the half-naked transsexual with The Joker makeup was frightening... however she got in free so that's why I gave them a third star.
How low the mighty have fallen. Place was dead at 12:30. One of the bouncers tried to start a fight with me and my girl. Guess that's what happens when you have more bouncers than dancers. Don't waste your time.
First off, it's a great looking bar which has a supreme location right in the heart of Old Town. We stopped by last night to meet a friend for drinks and to have a look around. This is the first bar in town (that I know of) with beer taps built right into the tables (Coors & XX). I will be back to sample the grub soon enough. Another excellent addition to Scottsdale's nightlife!
Had lunch here today and it was great. Decor is fun, love the clear plastic covers on the floral booths!  Lots of TV's around the bar which can be seen from just about everywhere in the club.

We had chips and salsa to start.  We all agreed that the red (hot) salsa was the best, although they were all good.  For lunch we had Sonoran Dogs.  Very big and tasty!  Service was good too!  Looking forward to our next visit to try the tacos...
Atmosphere here is nice, live the Dia de Los Muertos theme they have going. Drinks are good, not much on draft but definitely a place where a majority of Scottsdale can get a taste of a variety of Mexican beer. The food, well the Duck tacos although good the menu should have read "Tapa's" or appetizer's $4 for 1 baby street taco. Not a good deal, not $4 worth either! If I go back ill make sure to eat somewhere else.
I went to El Hefe yesterday with Gare. The decor is a bit over-the-top but cool and different. Think Día de los Muertos meets Electric Ladyland. 

We sat at the bar and had the Pork Belly Torta and Carnitas Tacos. The food was tasty and even impressed my boyfriend the chef. 

I'd go back again but avoid ordering anything off their drink menu without finding out the ingredients--who knew that Four Loko is a flavored, colored alcoholic soda-like beverage that tastes like otterpops with cheap vodka? And who would want that in their margarita? 

Maybe it's a sign of the times; I'm getting old not keeping up with what's what in the world of flavored liquors. Our server was nice to comp the drink that I wasn't a fan of -- this is always a good move in the service industry. Kudos on good customer service to El Hefe.
Went for lunch which I'm certain is a totally different experience than at night. The space is nice and has a very indoor/outdoor feel due to the large garage style doors. Service was fine and food was good. Not great but not bad. The descriptions on the menu were vastly different than what was actually served and we were surprised by that. The quesadillas were much more taco like than quesadilla like. The pollo torta had some sort of ground beef or chorizo or something on it which wasn't mentioned on the menu at all and the churros were not stuffed as described and didn't come with a side of ice cream as mentioned on the menu. I know this place is new and they're still probably trying to work out the kinks but really the menus should be reprinted to represent the food. It's also pretty pricey for what you get. I would go back for happy hour or something but don't think I'll be back for lunch.
This place is great for happy hour. $2 tacos, $5 32oz Coronas and Tecates and $5 margaritas. There tacos are delicious especially after a couple cervezas. They play great music, have good service and oh, did I mention a beer tap at your table? Not one of those tall things that pour 5 or 6 beers, and actual tap hooked up to a keg of Dos Equis and Coors light. I haven't stayed long enough to see this place morph into a night club, but it is worth checking out for happy hour anyday from 3-7PM.
We got an online coupon to try this place and went on a Sunday around 7pm for dinner. The decor is very cool-neat floral booths with plastic overlay, beer taps at the booths, amazing mural on the far right wall. 
We both enjoyed our margaritas, which for the size were fair on the $8 price tag. 
The food was tasty, but not original. We ordered the ceviche app (which we liked the best), the mushroom tacos and the house salad with shrimp. Although our waitress came back and informed us that they were out of shrimp so we opted to try it without as there aren't too many non-meat or fish options on the menu. The smashed plantains and pumpkin seeds were a nice touch in the salad, but it was lacking something special. 
I can see coming here for happy hour or for a fri/sat night drink. They had a DJ booth which was cool, but (and I may sound old for saying this) it was just too loud for a Sunday night dinner.
it's scottsdale, what did i expect. this newest "it" bar is just that...it's certainly popular. especially if you like threadbare designer t-shirts, fitted ball caps, perfectly "messy" hair, and big boobs. 

i have to give props to the decor....really like the wall art and the floral/dia dos los mucho gusto tengo hombre meuertes (or something like that) theme. and if it's eye candy you want, come here. not an ugly person in the whole joint. 

we were however, seated immediately, even at happy hour, but had to wait 10 minutes to get value on our living social coupon. i liked my margarita, but as a lightweight, i usually get buzzed after one, but i never felt that old familiar feeling. my lady on the other hand got the skinny margarita and it was mucho flaco on the tequila. good thing i was driving. 

when we were finally able to order, i got the mushroom street tacos and the ceviche dish. i have to say, my food was good. small, but good. we probably would've done better price wise to eat and drink on happy hour, but no matter. my lady had the salad....big disappointment. first off, they ran out of shrimp....shrimp? there's a Fry's less than 2 miles away. second, it was just lettuce (ehem, mixed greens), about 2 small handfulls, with a few corn kernels and 3 pieces of plantain....for 9 bucks! thank goodness for no shrimp...then it would've cost 12! you know at oreganos, you can get a salad for 9 bucks that could be eaten for 2 meals! el hefe's salad was more like an appetizer. and our waitress, bless her heart. absolutely gorgeous but didn't know how to pronounce ceviche.

but what i just can't get over is the music....unbelievably loud. so loud in fact, i can just move my lips and pretend to talk and you would laugh and agree and nod your head because really, you'd have no idea what i was saying anyway. so it's not really a place for eating....more for clubbing. 

overall, i liked my food, not impressed with my lady's food, and would go back, but i'm too old for that loud stuff...i like to actually listen to my gal talk. and i don't own any ed hardy/cool fight gear/designer jeans/fancy shoes.
I will start off by saying that this review is influenced by two completely different experiences, which is represented by my middle of the road rating. (First visit: 4 star, Recent visit: 1 star)

To keep this relatively short I will just bullet point the things these two visits have taught me. 

1. El Hefe is NOT a place to take a group. All the food ordered by a single table comes out together on the same blocks (yes I mean wooden blocks), with no sense of order. Now granted going with a group of 15 people (which I did), tends to lead to some confusion at any restaurant, but this was inexcusable. If you ordered the same thing as someone on the opposite side of the table from you it would come on the same platter and it was up to the customer to yell across the table, find what they had ordered, and have it passed over to them. This becomes particularly difficult with unfamiliar specialty tacos. Everything looks similar so only order something with a noticeable ingredient to guarantee correct delivery. 

2. Having said that, this place does well with small groups, during the lunch time hours. Sit in one of the booths with the self serve beer taps at the table. It's definitely a unique and cool feature. 

3. Check your bill! Every person in our group was overcharged for a particular drink that we specifically asked about the price. The same thing occurred with an up charge on a food menu item add on. 

4. The décor is cool and unique, but be prepared for an Ed Hardy-esque explosion. Just embrace it. 

5. The food is pretty delicious, but I am not a connoisseur.  Be prepared for small taco portions and tapas style entrees. 

Overall this is a place for a quick happy hour drink and delicious $3 taco or a nice light lunch.  It's growing pains are providing a temporary excuse for some of it's short comings so be patient but provide feedback. It's needed. 

P.S Don't forget to try the Bulldog Margarita (Margarita with a Corona in it)
This is my favorite new bar in Scottsdale.  The wall art is awesome and the music is always right on for my "going out" mood.  It gets super packed so if you're planning on going on a Friday or Saturday night get there early so you don't have to fuss with the lines.  It's definitely a party hard or go home type of place so be ready to boogie down if you step foot in the door.
El Hefe was surprisingly busy for a Sunday at 4pm. I didn't expect to walk into a raging party but it was fun. The crowd was pretentious but entertaining. Almost every time I used the bathroom a few girls would walk out of the handicap stall. I wonder what they were doing in there? Happy hour just started when I showed up so I decided to try drinks I've never had before. My favorite was the loaded beer its a corona with a shot of citrus Bacardi. I love the decor here its very girly. I'll be back!
It's tucked away, but worth the search. The decor is very fun. The plastic covers on the booths are what you would expect to find in a Hispanic grandma's house. The chips and salsa are some of the best I've had. The first time we went, the hubs and I tried a bit of everything: nearly every taco and a torta. The most recent visit, we grabbed a taco and split a pork belly torta. If it's a first time, you gotta try the pork belly empanadas and chicken tinga. The table taps are really cool and, if I hadn't had my 3 mo old son with me, I would have had a beer. The only downside were the churros. The sauces were great and would have complimented the churros perfectly had the churros been cooked all the way through. I think the oil was too hot and crisped up the outside before the center was cooked. Even at that, definitely will return. Can't wait to try some nachos.
I have mixed feelings about El Hefe. I'm a huge fan of Dia de los Muertes so I'm instantly fan of their deccor and ambiance. It's 75% inside 25% patio with full exposure to the patio.

Now my first experience was somewhat awful. It was late on a Saturday night and the place was packed like sardines. If you thought you were going to take a step to the patio for some fresh air, think again. You'd be lucky if you made it out there or found room to stand. I think I learned that night, you just can't bring a big crowd to this location on a 'busy' Scottsdale evening. 

Second experience was Happy Hour! I believe it's from 4-7 and they have a great happy hour menu for both men and women. I'm a bit partial to their Beer-goritas. , which is a 32 oz margarita and a coronita upside down in it! I love it, I think presentation sucked me in. Yea I'm a sucker.

The tables with the taps on them seem pretty sweet, and made me think about possibly holding my bday party there but the seating is limited and the booths just arent that big. 

They have a lot of creative and unique margaritas to choose from and I definitely plan on making a few visits back but debateable on if this is a good birthday setting or not...
It was alright.  The drinks and food were pretty good.  The decor was a bit unusual; skate boards and graffiti type art.  Nothing wrong with it, just not exactly what I was expecting from a place called "El Hefe".  Anyway, in short, it is your typical Scottsdale bar, college students and cougars.  Not my normal scene, but fun if you want a good drink and do some people watching.
Keeping it short and sweet...good for drinking with your amigos. food is eh...Service was prompt and oh so friendly
My roommate and I were looking for a new place to try for dinner before a night out in Old Town.  We got to El Hefe at 8PM on a Saturday night.  We were quickly seated.  The music was so loud, we could hardly hear each other.  Typically a restaurant/bar doesn't bump up the music to that level until after 9 when more drinkers arrive.  We decided to try the Mexican Mule (being huge fans of the Moscow Mule).  We ordered chips and salsa as an appetizer.  I ordered the quesadilla for my meal and my roommate selected two carnitas tacos.  Our drinks arrived and the ginger beer in them was completely flat.  They were basically watered down tequila.  Undrinkable.  We asked if we could swap them out for something else.  The waitress complied.  As we waited for our replacement drinks, our main entrees came out.  Within 5 minutes, our chips and salsa arrived.  Another 10 minutes passed and finally our drinks arrived.  The delivery of the meal was a little backwards, but we were hungry.  The tacos were reported as "really good."  My quesadilla consisted of three mini corn tortillas stuffed with some chicken and cheese and folded in half.  Not what I was expecting, but they were OK.  Someone described it as the new Pink Taco.  I would say it's a cross between Pink Taco and American Junkie.  Will definitely return for some afternoon day drinking.
This is one of Scottsdale's new hot spots. If you like the 'Scottsdale' scene, this place is a must. Sunday the music goes off as Thomas James spins sic house beats and the bar serves up $2 tacos. On the weekends, it is still the hot new local spot so it is always busy. Fun place to go and usually there is great eye candy.
I finally went there to have a quick drink after a long week at the office. I walked in there and the decor was everything but traditional Mexican. I read some people comparing it to Dia De Los Muertos; somewhat a stretch, but it was cool nonetheless. The coolest feature I found was the beer tap on some of the tables, which gives me an idea of where to take my friends for a night of drunken debauchery. Anyways, I didn't get to eat that time since I already had dinner waiting for me at home,  but the tacos look like the ones I've had in Mexico and the guacamole looked like it is really supposed to look like. I decided to skip the beer tap and ordered a "Corona Familiar" , which is a 40 oz  bottle of Corona that until recently it was only sold in Mexico. Anyways, my grand total for my big ass beer bottle; paper bag and all, was $5.00. I will say that I will like to come back for HH, only this time I will make sure to order some duck tacos... Salud!
These guys have the tacos and nachos thing figured out. Great decor and hot, hot waitresses. 

We had lunch and it was pretty quiet. Good service. I'm sure things get crazy at night, though!
A friend and I stopped by this joint after having a few drinks at the W.  It's a short walk, couple of blocks, away.  It was the middle of the week around 9 pm and the place was half full....good crowd, decent vibe.  We saddled up to a table near the bar and close to the patio.  We ordered a couple of drinks and people watched for an hour or so.

They serve a specialty Margarita here that's served in a large glass and a full Corona bottle turned upside down inside the glass, they call it a "Beer-garita".....it looks ridiculous.  Even more hilarious was the number of people who were walking around drinking this monstrosity....it reminds me of the tourists in Vegas who walk around with those giant tubes of Hurricanes or Margaritas....great people watching I tell ya!

Our server was very attentive and made sure our glasses remained full.  The music was pretty good too....a DJ was playing house/dance music.  Overall, it was a fun time.

Return Factor - 90%
Oh Hefe, my home away from home...I made a recent discovery of the amazuzing tacos here the other day and I'm kicking myself for not trying them sooner with as much as I'm here!  If you don't do anything else here, TRY THE TACOS!!!!  I had the Carne Asada and the Pork tacos and they were freaking delicious!  My friend ordered the chips and salsa which I know isn't really anything super special but the pico de gallo was very good as well, just in case you were wondering.

If you're going to come on a weekend night it does get pretty crowded so I wouldn't recommend coming if you're claustrophobic but it's a fun atmosphere where you can meet a lot of interesting people and get some good drinks and tacos!
El Hefe has become my go to bar in Scottsdale because the atmosphere is fun and the drinks are cheap. I came here for happy hour on Saturday and decided to try a carne asada taco. I wasn't expecting much because I have low expectations for bar food. Inside the taco was carne asada, white cheese, and pickled cabbage. It was delicious! I also tried a strawberry margarita made with fresh strawberries and that was delicious as well. I was really impressed with the food here and I can't wait to try other items on the menu!
Good place to get drunk at. Haven't tried food. Looked like the menu was a little off the beaten path. But seems like everyone who ate there enjoyed it.
I've been here a few times, mostly to day drink and so far I haven't been disappointed.  The atmosphere is cool and the people that come and go are also pretty awesome.  The chips and salsa were fantastic and as an added bonus they serve them with three different types of salsa, so kudos for the variety.  If you're looking for a place to meet some pretty women, El Hefe on a Sunday is the place for it.  The Beergarita is also amazing so if you're trying to get buzzed quickly this is the drink for you.  Looks like I've found a new Sunday spot.
I'm NEVER coming here again!

When I first came I was waiting in line forever while the security/bouncer let several people ahead of me. I didn't see them check anything off a list so they couldn't be VIP or anything like that.

Then, I finally get in and the service just ISN'T there. I wait and wait and finally the bartender takes my order, and gives me a very weak drink! HELLO? I DIDN'T PAY $7 FOR A GLASS OF COCA COLA!! I ASKED FOR A JACK AND COKE!

Don't believe the hype, this place sucks!

Also El Hefe claims to have amazing tacos... I've had better tacos from a taco bus back home in Seattle, Washington.
Great place. Busy, loud, fun, modern. What a sweet place to hangout. Where can you get bottle service, of a keg of beer?  Yep, here is right. These guys spent some money to make this place first class. How about a stage above the bar idea.  Just creates a great vibe for everyone. Girls dressed for Vegas, to guys just looking to hang out. I will be back
And now I get to write my very first negative review. Much like with my first review, I thought for a bit about who I'd rant about first, and it had to be El Hefe.....so where to begin?

When you're inside the atmosphere and ambience is about as welcoming as I'd imagine the inside of one of the breast implants of their servers would be (you know, large, inflated, empty, and possibly a little gooey). The one time I went I believe we waited about an hour from asking for our check, waiting for our waitress to figure out how to split it up as we asked, and then royally effing it up in the end anyway (yeah, I know that can be annoying, but if arithmetic isn't your strong suit, just tell us - it's not your fault that the blood isn't flowing to your brain at the correct speed because it was thwarted at the Hoover-like circulation dam that are your boobs....well actually that is your fault, but still we won't hold it against you). The tacos aren't good, the drinks are over-priced, it's full of your typical Scottsdale douchebags, whose unfortunate existence ensure that the type of waitresses that populate these types of bars continue to get hired, and its in the middle of a bunch of better options.

Also, they should really spell Jefe right.
Got a message from the owner. I appreciate that at least - though it doesn't really change my view on my experience and my review still holds. To soften it though, I'll just say this place definitely isn't for me.
El Hefe is one of my favorite spots... whether it's a packed Saturday night or a laid back Tuesday evening. Either way, it's always a good time! Their churros are unreal. They are cooked to perfection and come with 3 different dipping sauces. Their tacos are bomb too! And let's talk about the drinks... the beer-garita is awesome. Margartia + Corona? Genius. And the fact that you can pour your own beer at the tables using taps is pretty kickass in my book too. Overall, my go to spot in Old Town!
Oh El Hefe... it has become one of our new spots to be at all the time.  Its not that the food or drinks are extraordinary but its just the place to be for the moment.  The atmosphere is a lot of fun.  The staff is really friendly and 80% of the time really attentive.  However, it is a very busy place at times so you gotta give them a break.  I've always had a great time here.  Beergaritas are a good deal.  Happy hour and sundayfundays are the best.
Mr. T dancing on the bar on weekends is fun to see. Dancing bar- not chill.  Techno, and some Latin music.  Avg priced drinks for old town.  The girls doing beer bongs for ppl on the bar- cool to see but It feels like a college flashback.  The crowd was rude, snobby. Very much felt like I was in a BIG FRAT HOUSE PARTY.  The bouncers were nice.  :)  If you want to avoid the LONG ass line, have a girl with you and ladies have your cleavage out and hair extensions in!
Fun cantina in Scottsdale. Good fun vibe close to Axis/Radius and within stumbling distance of The W. The service is attentive and friendly. The food looks yummy but I was too busy drinking. They have tables that have their own beer taps. Would love to get a group and try that out. The Beergarita (Coronita in a jumbo margarita) is a must try.
LOVE this place! The decor alone is so cool - kind of "Dia de los muertos" meets Compton, Cali! Love the metal bike and Virgen de Guadalupe at the door - nice touch! Margaritas are tasty and it's been wall-to-wall people every time I've been there. I will go back again. Oh and be sure to go back to the chalkboard - they have oodles of custom shots w/hilarious names. ;)
Such an interesting bar...so glad we stopped by before the crowd arrived.  We enjoyed a beer while the bartender told us what would be in store that night and over the weekend.  If you are young and single, probably a good place to hang out and get drunk.
In town for a networking event and decided to stop by for lunch. It wasnt really crowded which was nice but the bartender was cool and prompt with our drinks/food. I ended up ordering the chips with guacamole which I thought was really good and the 3 taco lunch special with beef cheek, duck, and al pastor tacos and I was a fan of all three. Like I said, it wasnt packed so I cant relate with others that have had issues but I would def go back again.
I've been meaning to check this place out, but its in Scottsdale and that's not usually where I go out. Last night we ended up here after going to a couple other bars in Oldtown.

It was pretty packed and we had to wait outside for like 10 minutes before they let us in but it was worth it.

The first thing we noticed when we walked in was Steve Nash chilling with some guys. I wouldn't have expected him at a place like this but it was really cool. They also had Mr. T upstairs dancing with a bunch of women.

Drinks are cheap. We got a couple mixed drinks and a couple beers for $14. Bartenders are cute and friendly from what I saw.

They had two girls up on the bar with a beer bong and I thought that was awesome. I didn't participate, but it was fun watching other people do it.

We got there kind of late, so it ended up clearing out a little bit and we were able to get our grove on. The whole vibe of the place was just really cool. I ended up having a blast here and I'm definitely planning on going back next weekend!
I would have given higher rating if based on food and drinks only, however I had a bad experience being overcharged on my credit card. I called and my message was never returned. Its annoying to have to resolve their mistake when you have a busy schedule. 
So to me, questionable service and management put a big damper on my experience.

Tip-try the duck taco 
Tip- try the beer-garita
Tip- cool beer tap right in the tables!
I went here about a month ago and it was not a good experience. I went on a saturday night with a group of about 6 girls. We wanted to get some drinks, but we were unable to because the place was so crowded, which is why I gave it two stars instead of one (don't know how good the drinks may be). In the 20 minutes we were there I was hit in the head with a belt buckle (someone was swinging it.... really?!?!), my foot was stomped on, and a beer was poured on me. Not my kind of place at all. I would never come back, sorry guys.
Recently checked this place out. Got there early, thank goodness because after 630, the place turns into a seriously overcrowded, hot room, of typical "Scottsdale" barbie dolls. That aside, I must say this:

GREAT SERVICE! GREAT FOOD! GREAT MARAGARITAS! and an awesome staff who were very attentive and personable! 

We tried a lot of things on their menu, but I must say the maragarita with the jalapenos was my favorite margarita. It was so fresh and tangy. 

The taqueria style street tacos were killer!!! two words Beef Cheek! I definitely recommend them. The Duck were awesome too. 

The Carne Asada torta was killer good as well. just really big! My hubby and I split everything and were there from about 5pm until 8 or so and it was a good time. 

Fun people watching as well. Next time we go, and we will return, we want to rent a table with the tap attached and bring a ton of friends. 

Worth the time to travel there, find it, and enjoy the atmosphere. its definitely a  fun vibe!
great happy hour prices. tacos are some of the best in Scottsdale. reminds me of the street vendors in cabo and rocky point.  

great presentation on the trays. the tappers on the table are a nice touch.  younger crowd with attractive waitresses.  nice open air restaurant, close to the W hotel.

tacos and all the different salsas that come with the chips were fantastic.
Went here with some friends for some drinks & gub on a Saturday afternoon. I like the layout of the place - and we were even able to watch some college football which was a nice bonus.

For food we ordered some tacos - chicken, beef & duck carnitas. DELICIOUS! In fact we had to order more because the hubs at mine and I wasn't about to miss out on any of the goodness.

Also, they DO sell boxes of wine for $30... so of course we ordered one. Other than the horrific hangover the next day, it was definitely a great time. I haven't been at night, seeing as how I'm old and can barely stay awake past 10pm, but I've heard from friends that it's a good time. Maybe one crazy night I'll stay out late enough to give it a shot...
I was here watching the Cardinals Texas 6th Game of the world series.  Great evening of good food and unique margaritas.  

Was there the Saturday afternoon before Halloween, just more of the same.  The tacos were great and the margaritas are fairly light so great for the afternoon.  

The service was great even in a fairly busy environment.  The beer taps on the table were a favorite of the males around while the late not music kept the place rocking.
El Hefe - Macho Taqueria. Man...

At first glance it looks like every stereotype you've ever heard about Scottsdale. At second glance you realize that it is, indeed, every stereotype you've heard about Scottsdale. It's a "Mexican Restaurant", so when I was there I tried a few of their tacos that were on happy hour. I'm giving two stars because the duck taco that I had was pretty good, but once the food got to the table it took me 4 minutes to figure out which tacos were mine because of the way they present the food. More on this later. 

El Hefe has a cool in-table tap system, where you pay at the table and can pour your own beer. When I saw this I liked it a lot, though they only offer two beers, and it's not cheap. After the "cool" factor wears off, you realize that you're paying extra to pour your own beer. Not so cool. The upside is the fact that I get beers for myself much faster than the servers at El Hefe did for me. 

The booth seats are covered in plastic, in the style of your great grandmother. This is assuming, of course, that your great grandmother commissioned Ed Hardy to design her living room group. The ambiance isn't my style, but I'm sure that a lot of people love it...The biggest issue I had is the way the food is brought to the table. They start you with chips and salsa. It seems hard to screw up chips and salsa, but it happened here. The salsa comes in small jars that are downright weird, and they make dipping your chip absolutely impossible. You need to be a salsa MacGyver to figure out how to get the right amount of salsa on your chip...It's strange. After pushing some salsa around with a chip on a small plate for a while, our food arrived. Apparently, when you order tacos, they come 5-6 at a time, placed on wooden slabs that are roughly the size of a Las Vegas buffet. Our server couldn't remember who's tacos were who's, so we played a game of musical tacos (and wooden slabs) until we all figured out what we'd ordered. When a group of 4-5 orders 10+ tacos, you end up with 2-3 giant wooden slabs on your table and a very confusing family style presentation. 

Like I said before, the duck taco I had was pretty good, and I hear good things about the BeerRita. However, unless I'm dragged against my will by a large group of people, I don't see myself returning to El Hefe anytime soon.
My brother recommended that I try this place and I was a little skeptical based on the website alone. I thought it was a club or something. I went anyway and was soooo glad I did. The food is so damn good. I still think about it all the time! LOL! Why not 5 stars? It's so loud in there that you have to scream to have a conversation. It's a great place to watch the game and to hang out. Perhaps the outside seating area is a little quieter. Definitely give this place a try; you won't be disappointed.
This place is like dirty Mexico in the middle of Scottsdale. Not a fan.
Was referred to this bar because it hosts UofA watch parties for football games. Place was pretty busy because of Halloween weekend. Layout is nice/unique, but it was pretty cold inside.

Television set up was adequate: a UFC fight was on the same night so they split the tv's between the fight and the game. They don't have televisions set up everywhere like a sports bar (if that matters to you), but it got the job done.

Me and my buddy ordered some nachos with steak (I'd recommend splitting if you order it) and it was pretty good. Then tried the carne asada and duck tacos: i'd give the slight edge in flavor to the duck taco. All the tacos are pretty small FYI.

Service was also OK, waitress was pretty nice. I'd probably go here again.
Went here to use a local dines coupon, otherwise I don't think we would have ever gone here.
Greeted by a friendly person, who sat us in a booth (first lead us to a table and I saw the taps at the booths and wanted to try that!!).  Small place with everything opened up to the patio, the weather was perfect.
Very good service from our waitress, with a good explanation of the taps, happy hour, and menu.  Speaking of the menu, it is a short menu that is somewhat hard to read.  We could tell we were going to be hard pressed to spend the $30 worth of coupon we had!!  
I ordered a salad (very large) and mushroom taco (very small).  It all filled me up and tasted great.  Hubby ordered chicken torte aka sandwich which was good and spicy enough.
This is definitely a hip place for young folks!  We were there early but were warned they expected a huge crowd (Thanksgiving Eve) later on.  
We enjoyed pouring our own beers (happy hour prices are very good!), however when the bill came, our waitress had failed to charge us for the beers!  We had to get her attention again and have her ring up the proper amount (which turned out be under $2 a beer!)  Of course using a coupon we tipped according to the full price, and we were very satisfied with the service.
The biggest drawback for me was..............smoking is allowed out on the patio and the place is small, so we had to smell this during our meal and I am allergic to smoke!!  Plus the music was very loud and we couldn't converse much.  
However it was a fun experience and different.  We left still feeling like we didn't get our Mexican food fix.
Pretty good. I would prefer to give it 3.5 stars though. I've been here enough to know that I like it overall. The tacos are fine, nothing special, but then again I wasn't expecting anything special. The drinks are of average price and decently strong. I've only been here on Fridays and Saturdays, both nights the DJ tends to spin pretty good music. It's VERY crowded during peak hours and the line can get somewhat long. More than once I've been overlooked at the bar and that's annoying. The bartenders do seem to be doing their best though during busy times. I know damn well one of their door guys recognizes me (my tattoo is very recognizable) and he got snippy with me when he was checking my ID and I had my sleeveless hoodie on during a rainy night. Policy I'm sure, but c'mon dude, I've given you a enough of my business for a better attitude.

Also, you should befriend the head of security, Corell. He's a super duper nice guy but will fuck you up if you mouth off!
Great $5 happy hour margaritas! Also the tacos were very tasty. Will for sure be back
Favorite place on a Friday or Saturday night or Sunday Funday!! Always so much fun, packed and full of dancing people. Strong cheap drinks! Home of the beergarita!

They always have my favorite DJs that mix top 40 with house!
This place was so crowded and fun on Xmas eve. Very loud, but the bartender was fast and responsive to my party of 6's needs. She even facilitated my request to dance on the bar and said I could stay up there for as long as I wanted. I'll definitely go back to this place.

If there was an option for 3.5 stars, I'd do that instead.
If I could give El Hefe 3.5 stars I would. This bar seems to be one of those places where you can expect a certain type of crowd. It's like a middle ground between The Lodge and Dos Gringos. 

On a regular Friday or Saturday night El Hefe is a good place to get a quick drink or to just hang out. There always seems to be somewhere you can sit down or hang out at this place, unlike some other bars. 

I also went here on NYE and it was very fun. Paid a cover charge and then drinks were a penny all night. 

The vibe of the bar is half undergrad Spring Break, half an episode of Miami Ink. However, the service is good and the drinks are strong. Don't let the D-bag outer layer deter you for giving El Hefe a shot. I have yet to try the food, but I am doubtful with all of the options in Old Town I would ever choose to come to El Hefe for their food.
Best sunday funday spot ever!!
Way too crowded. Could've been fun otherwise I guess.
Went in the afternoon when it was slower - great tacos and the beergarita was very good. Great atmosphere!
3rd time here for lunch and every time I am blown away.  

They put a spin on Mexican food that just flat out works.  This is not what I would think of as a lunch place, but wow.  The food is flat out great!  I mean award winning good.  The service is outstanding.  I only had water last time and I think there was only one that my cup was half full.  By the way, the water there taste good, I have not Idea how, but it does.

The are very accommodating to special requests and to large groups.  I have yet to use the beer taps they have on their table, but that seem like an obvious win.

I would put this in my top 10 places to eat lunch, and that is saying a lot.
LOVE IT! Great happy hour... great atmosphere... and great service!  Only been here
once but loved it and am planning on doing my birthday here forsure!
I was here for a happy hour event and especially liked the tacos and the friendly service.  Have you ever had duck tacos?  Neither had I until I tried them at EH.  Very tasty and a nice change from the usual taco choices.  The nachos were great as well and the three dollar Dos Equis' on tap was the perfect libation.
Really sub-par electronic music. Great for scoring 'roids. Perfect if you like vodka/redbull and hitting your girlfriend.
If you want to have a yummy drinks and food stop by anytime.  The bulldog beer-garitas are giant and delicious.  The pork tacos are my favorite but you can never go wrong with carne or chicken.  If you've never tried duck tacos, try them here.  

If you want to party make sure you come by Friday night, Saturday night, or Sunday day. Make sure you put your party pants on cause you'll need em.  It gets wild and crazy.  WIth bottomless mimosa's on the weekends & great brunch specials you'll be glad you came.  It's always super crowded but the DJ keeps everyone moving.

Highly recommended.
Meh. 
I was eager to check out this venue simply because my friends used to tell me amazing anecdotes about this place when it first opened. I finally had the opportunity to go there, and I have firmly decided this is not my cup of tea. I have not tried any of the food here so I can't give you a honest review about the whole experience, other than what I experienced as a pseudo alcoholic. Hmmm...where do I begin? Ah, yes. Let's discuss the clientele. Before I proceed, I am throwing a little disclaimer out there so I won't step on any feelings...I have a tendency to utilize the word "douchebag" a lot. It's a part of my daily vocabulary. Honestly, can you blame me? I live within close proximity of the watering hole of these aforementioned creatures that seem to spawn at an alarming rate. So, if you are easily offended, you may want to gloss over my review and make the more favorable ones your focal point. The bartenders, from what I can recall, were not very prompt in answering drink orders. I remember waiting around, locking eyes with the bartenders and feeling slightly pathetic. My heart isn't pitter pattering over your Adonis-like looks, Mr. Bartender. I am in need of a beverage to quench my thirst, and it would please me greatly if you could ask me what my little heart desires. The place is also quite small, and for anyone that easily gets claustrophobic, it may present a huge problem. It gets packed during the weekends, and you will be the victim of numerous foot steppers. By the end of the night, you can boast to your friends about your battle wounds. Granted, as with any bar/club, it is a common occurrence. All in all, this place is something I can take in doses. I have heard from numerous friends that the happy hour is decent, so perhaps I will harbor no ill feelings and check it out at a decent hour. Like a moth to a flame, I find myself strangely drawn to this place. I may not like it very much, but we always stop there. It just might be one of those mysteries of life that will go unanswered for generations to come.
This place...just wasn't for me.  

The company I work for took us on a mini-retreat to Scottsdale for a weekend, and a crew of us made our way over to El Hefe.  And...it was just....how do I put this nicely?

Just not the Midwest.  All the women with fake tans, fake boobs spilling out of tanks, faux sexy hipsters mixed Men wearing tight Ed Hardy's with overly gelled hair & possible steriod use?  Just not my thing.

And it wasn't just the crowd of people there.  I ordered two gin & tonics (same gin) and they tasted VASTLY different.  On top of that, there were the overly surly cocktailers who seemed to be pissed off that people were there drinking.  

I mean, I get that you want to finish your side-work and get home, but when a bar is open (and it's not even midnight), you can't get pissed off at your customers for putting down a drink on a table in an open section.

My favorite part of the night?  Leaving.  Sorry Boss.
Went there last night and it was so much fun! For a Friday night at 12am the bar gets very busy and somewhat loud. The bartenders were very fast at getting my drinks and the bartender "Brittany" was very nice and had a big smile the whole time. I normally don't like bars like this because it is Not my sene , but this bar was actually fun and a must go back! Thanks.
The only plus to this place was that the bartenders are on their game, otherwise leave it for the Jersey Shore wannabes and slooters that get turned on by extra extra medium Tap Out t-shirts.
WOW.. I did not know this was such as PARTY. 

We had planned to eat there and arrived on a Saturday at 5pm. It was PACKED, definitely did not look like dinner was going to be a pleasant experience, and PS. I was not on that level, quite yet. We ate at Majerles (it was ok, review to follow). 

Afterwards we came back to Hefe for an after dinner drink. It was a good party. The bar was super busy, and I had one of those moments where I felt like the bartender wouldn't serve me because I was a lady. LOL. Don't you hate that, ladies? 

Anyhow, we got our drinks, and we had a few. We watched the fight on the TVs and danced, as the music was pretty GOOD! it was packed though and you had to fight through the crowds to move around. But, still it was a really fun place with good energy and if you're trying to party.. than PARTY!
So I seem to have a love-hate relationship with this place. At times I love it and at times I hate. Lately it's been the latter of the two unfortunately. Going here for food wasn't bad. In fact, it was delish, but going here and experiencing the night life has not been awesome as it once was. While it is in part due to the people that go here - a bunch of douchey guys and the girls that go with them (it is Old Town) - I can deal with them cause mixed in there are some cool people. What I can't deal with are some of the people working there, starting with the door guys who seem to relish the power and enjoy letting people know it. And if they weren't bad enough, let's get into the bartenders. 

I've known some bartenders and I did the whole bar tending thing and no where in all that I learned and know, did they mention giving people crap service. I get it, you're busy and you get slammed, but you get through it and they should want to take and make as many drinks as they can rather than being all selective and choosing certain people over others. I'm sorry, I don't want to swoon over the bartenders, I just want my drink. And, when they finally decide to deign me with their presence and place my order, they get it wrong. And trying to flag them back over after they hand you your bill to point out the mistake wasn't even worth trying since trying to get their attention the first time too a bit of work. 

The servers were all right; haven't had anyone exceptional to rave or rant about. The music is usually pretty awesome. And as I've said, there are some pretty awesome people worth going back for, as well as their food. I do enjoy their happy hour menu.
I just know that before going to El Hefe, I need to start out somewhere else if I want a drink and then head over, as is the usual plan when we go out.
My favorite bar to go to in Old town!! If you are looking for a crowd and a great place to spend your "Sunday Funday" This is without a doubt the place to go! Also a great "beergarita"
Best food and most fun I have ever had at a bar.   Keep up the great work!
I wasn't expecting a ton from the food at El Hefe, a newish Old Town Scottsdale spot serving up Mexican eats. I figured the bar, which turns into a hopping nightlife destination on weekend nights, would be more notable for its drinks than its cuisine, and I was right.

Not that the place doesn't look hella cool. It had lots of hot pink accents, including pink lighting and pink walls, which I loved even though it sort of reminded me of the now-closed Pink Taco.

I also thought the art-covered skateboards covering up the walls were neat, as well as the giant drawings of a Mexican wrestler and a Dia de Los Muertos-like skull adorning one of the walls.

Don't go there just to dine, though. While there were lots of televisions broadcasting sports, and the margaritas were impressive, I was left wanting a lot more with the food. It was too bad the $8 house margarita, at a whopping 20 ounces, couldn't set the standard for the meal, since that drink was such as killer deal.

The chips and salsa weren't too bad. The chips were nothing to shout about, but I liked that they were served on a cute cutting board spread along with three different types of salsa-chunky and mild, green and a spicy red. I did like the salsas, although I would have preferred the chips were a little thinner. They were only $3, though, which was pretty cheap, although most places would serve them up for free.

My friend and I tried a couple of the Grilled Mushroom Calabacitas tacos ($3 each). They were filled with lots of veggies, including zucchini and onions, but they were bland and sort of awkward to pick up and hold because the tortillas were tiny compared to the filling. Add a ton of salsa to them to give them a little kick.

We also each had a cheese quesadilla ($7 each). The quesadilla was pitifully tiny, and it was served on wax paper, which caused all the melted cheese to get stuck. These were one of the biggest rip-offs I've had, and the presentation was very bare bones, despite the addition of unappetizing pickled baby carrots and a drizzling of goat cheese creme.

There were a couple other things to note about the visit-the napkins at El Hefe seemed to be coming apart and left white threads all over my friend's and my jeans-not cool if you're planning on going clubbing in Old Town later. The bartender checked his cell phone more than he checked on us-clearly, we weren't his first priority. And the menu was really difficult to read, with backwards letters and all-caps. I know that's a weird thing to notice, but just looking at it gave me a headache.

All that said, skip El Hefe for dinner, and head to the cute and trendy spot for happy hour every day from 3-7 p.m., when those giant margaritas are only $5. Enjoy the ambiance while you drink, and go to here, here, or here in Old Town for dinner instead.

UPDATE: Justin, the director, reached out to me about my review, which I think is very classy and shows that he values customer service. I'm going to try out their dining options again, for sure.
It's not a sprots bar. It's a night club.
I really like to hate on this place. It's so easy (cue Staples Easy Button) - it's douchebag central. Ladies, if you want to find a roided out meathead, bro-tank wearing, Scottsdale doucher fist pumping the night away, you've come to the right place. Fellas, if you're looking for two-bit skank with hooha's hanging out of her child-sized wifebeater, you're in for a treat. So why the 4 stars? Because, when you're blacked out, this place is fun. Not gonna lie. It's the type of place you go to when you're already 5 shots deep and you're just lookin for trouble. I, personally, am a fan of house music so I love the loud, in-your-face music blaring overhead. Some people can't stand house, so preeettttyyyy sure this ain't the spot for them. 

Those of you looking for a mellow spot to sip on a marg should probs walk over to Cien Agave and relax there. But those of you looking to make some bad life decisions and who might want to make out with strangers should def head to good ol' Hefe. 

If it's not absurdly busy with people stomping on your feet with their 8 inch hooker wedges, def get a bulldog margarita. It's delish and can def help kick start your buzz. 

Proceed with caution friends.
DO NOT BUY BOTTLE SERVICE HERE.... We called ahead and reserved a table.  They told us the table was 1 bottle minimum .  We usually get 1 bottle of grey goose and then just order drinks and shots from our server (spending just as much as a bottle).  

Server was pouring EXTRA drinks without putting mixer in them and leaving them on the side of the table. Then I noticed her take one of them away as if it was an empty. 

Our server was also pouring very heavy, I don't usually mind and understand the server wants the bottle to finish quicker so we buy more. 

Once the bottle ran out the server told us we needed to buy another one. We said we would rather just run up a tab and buy shots, mixed drinks, etc etc.  (there was 8 of us and we would have easily ran up more money than a bottle in the same time frame of drinking a bottle).  

THE SERVER TOLD US TO GET OFF THE TABLE SINCE WE ARE NOT BUYING ANOTHER BOTTLE....  This has never happened at Revolver, Smashbox, Firehouse, Axis, or American Junkie.. We said we would be running up an equal amount, she said the only way she would allow us to stay is if each of us racked up a $200 tab. 


Cliffs:
Server was constanting pouring extra drinks and leaving them around our table.
Server booted us from table for not buying another bottle even though we were willing to run up higher $$ tab.
The food here was pretty good the service was awesome had a server by the name of Christina that was on point with her service. Would definitely go back to the place just due to the service.
I mostly go here for Sunday Funday or on weekend nights and have a good time. It gets busy and trying to get a drink can be vexing at times, but that comes with the territory. Most of the time I have a pleasant experience. But, the last time I came in, I did not enjoy myself nearly as much. I came in with three friends, and they did not have any tables inside, so we decided to sit on their patio which was very hot (not their fault, damn this weather).
At first we tried to track down a server, but were unable to, so we ordered drinks from the bar. This took a very long time, and the bartenders seemed more interested in talking to each other than serving patrons. It was relatively busy, but waiting fifteen minutes is a bit much to ask.
Finally, once we got our drinks we grabbed a couple menus and were finally able to track down a server. It seemed like she was the only server for the entire restaurant. We ordered our food and it came out in around 20-25 minutes. The food was pretty good, but when my girlfriend asked for her tab she was given the wrong credit card. It then took another fifteen minutes to track down the server again, and she gave her the right credit card back. She wasn't exactly friendly.
I'll be back because I like this place, just not to sit down and eat.

4 stars at night
1.5 stars for lunch
this place is packed, drink lines are long but cheaper compared to others, its loud, and dancers are hot its a great place to go when your about 5 drinks in if your sober you will probably walk right on out but overall a pretty cool place.
Fun for Friday and Saturday nights. Also great on Sunday afternoon. Only one problem is that the line for guys is extremely long and unless you go early enough so you don't have to wait, that's the only way you're getting in.. Well that's unless you're a good looking woman then you're always getting in.. Great place though!!
This place is cool but it gets PACKED during the weekends so get there early. Its a small place. 

We sometimes come here when they have the UFC fights, which is no cover which is a plus. Their beergaritas are great and so are there tacos. 

But we usually leave after the fights since you barely have room to breath.
We have been going to this bar for every Sunday football game this year and it's a love hate experience.  I truly believe the next time will be better and it usually isn't.  The service is really slow, the bartenders rather talk to one another over their customers.  I still don't know what the bartenders names are after several games.  On the flip side the food is pretty good and the Micheladas are delicious.  The outdoor patio area is dirty with sun rotted funiture - c'mon put some new material on the corner sectional at least....  I will continue to suffer through and enjoy my place to complain about for this season at least.  Enjoy and say hi to ..... oh wait that's right I don't know their names.... LOL
Stopped by for a quick bite to watch the baseball playoffs and had a really good meal at the same time.  The Chicken Tinga Taco with Jicama and Mango Salsa was awesome.  The Carne Asada Taco with pickled radish and salsa fresca was also very good.  My only suggestion is to make them bigger, since they are so good.  Also had the chips with 3 types of salsa that was bottomless.  

Service was excellent.  I'll definitely be back and based on the vibe, I need to check-out happy hour, since I bet this place is rockin'.
This place is pretty awesome. We started our night here on my 21st a few months ago, and were here last weekend for my friend's birthday, which we had a table. Our server was really on point, she had bottles waiting for us once we finished the one we had. She was pouring heavy, but didn't mind when we started making our own, she had mixers restocked as fast as we ran out. 

This place is effinggg loud. The bar girls blow whistles along with the music. This was really annoying at first, but hey, when you're drunk and fist pumping, honey badger don't care. It's a blast. As long as you are sloppy drunk and falling over, they don't care if you dance on the platforms between the booths. Everyone is just there to have a good time.
I love this place but it is best to go here when your planning on getting trashed.  If your going here sober & staying sober you will be highly annoyed.  NEVER sit in the blonde hair'd bartenders area.  This guy is the WORST bartender I have ever encountered.  He moves at his own slow pace, he is never friendly, takes forever to help, & is just an all around terrible bartender.  One time there I stood at the bar a half hour waiting for him to ask me what i'd like, in that half hour I watched him help multiple people twice before getting around to me, even stopped & picked up his phone to text before coming over to ask what i'd like to drink.  When I confronted him about it he denied texting & I told him I was standing there watching him.  Yesterday I was there sitting at the bar when it was slow & after a half hour of waiting for him to ask what i'd like I stopped a waitress to get service.  When your sitting at a bar you should never have to get a server to help you.  Bartender should be on point.  When I asked him to close out my tab it took him 25 minutes.  

Besides this guy the place is really fun.  The chicken tacos are amazing, eat them everytime I go here & the chiros are pretty awesome as well.  Good tv's for watching football & always really hot women.  But like I said, only go there if your getting trashed & avoid that bartender!
We had a group of 13 of us today for a birthday/football get together .. Let me tell you that this place SUCKS 
We never even made it thru the door and this goon of a door man was looking at us 
Geez dude it's Sunday football and it's Scottsdale
We were dressed appropriately . Bottom line is
This place SUCKS way better places in Scottsdale
Then this doucher don't waste your money here
Went for dancing and drinks on Saturday night and had an absolute blast!  Girls dancing on the bar pouring tequila into waiting mouths... YAY!  A bar that knows how to party right!
Took the wife here for happy hour and could not believe the amount of fruit flies surrounding the inside of the restaurant. They were everywhere it kinda made me feel like I was in a dirty ass bar in Mexico.  When I asked the waitress she told me, " it is very normal for a bar to have these  fruit flies." Uhhhhh no not really.  My drink did taste good but swatting flies while drink kinda sucks.  Lets clean this place up.
Although it's extremely loud the place is really cool and has tasty food and drinks. I really like the decor and the feel of the inside and the marketing. They have happy hour from 3-7 every day with $2 tacos and 3$ Dos XX as well as $5 specialty margaritas. Tons of TV's and a nice patio in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. The bartender was great and very quick. All of the tacos I tried were very good. I will go back and try more items again. P.S. LOVE the fake mustaches they provide free of charge. Mucho funo.
This place is always a shit-show but so entertaining. Good dj's, good drinks, and the bartenders know what they're doing and are friendly. I hear they have food too...
We tried the Hefe Dog, Hamburguesa, Chicken Taco and Carne Taco at Barrett Jackson. The food was great and the girls were awesome.
Holy cow this bar is out of control. People come here to party like it's their last day on earth! I like to bring people here from out of town. They're always amused with the beergaritas and shocked that people like to party like it's 1999 on Sundays. I love El Hefe because they have a great happy hour but I can only handle this bar in small doses. I'm not a fan of not being able to walk without my drink spilling and getting bumped by random bitches with big purses.
After a crappy visit here the manager contacted me to invite me back and send me a gift card. I am still looking for my gift card 3 months later. I tried to email the manager with no response what a shitty establishment!
I've only been here for Happy Hour, so I can't talk about the crazy party atmosphere, which I've heard really good things about.  The service was great when I was there, as were the food and drinks.  Really nice patio to enjoy a relaxing evening with friends.
Again with the hype for Old Town bars... Yet another friend said, "You have to try ABC Bar", this time being El Hefe. Yet another bar failed to live up to the recommendation.

(Though in retrospect, her recommendation was probably due to her running into the same old man who liked to buy all her drinks every time... should have taken that into account).

Strike 1: So loud I can't hear myself. Literally engaging my diaphragm and voice projection training just to make myself heard to my friends and the waitresess.

Strike 2: The tacos are not that great. They have duck, which is the only really saving grace about them, but they're like $5 for this little tiny,1/4 of a tortilla sized taco. They tasted pretty boring to me.

Strike 3: I had to hunt down my waitress. I mean, I walked around for 10 minutes looking for her to cash out, and this place is SMALL. I was very tempted to walk out on the tab just due to the crappy service..

Strike 4: We got water dumped on us due to the awnings outside. The manager sent us a round of shots, and he wasn't fooling anybody, they were pure grapefruit juice. Gee, thanks for filling my Vitamin C requirement...?

Oh snap, 4 strikes and you are definitely out of the park for good, El Hefe.
I went there for the first time on Saturday afternoon just by chance. It wasn't busy (yet - but started to fill up for the UFC fights later that night) and I sat at the bar. The waitress and bartender were both friendly and attentive. I tried the beef cheek taco, the pork taco and the duck taco with flour tortillas and enjoyed all three immensely. With a Dr. Pepper, my total bill was $12, and I was perfectly full and content. I didn't realize this place has a reputation as a "party" bar but I can see, with all the TVs around the bar, it probably gets nuts on sports nights. But if you just want to go and have some really tasty and affordable gourmet tacos, I recommend going for lunch or an early dinner and avoiding the crowds.
Courtesy of Kevin B.

El Jefe is a great place to hang out with the boys during the World Champion San Francisco Giants Spring Training.    It is a stone's throw away from Scottsdale Stadium and the place has a fine selection of beers and margaritas.  El Hefe would be a 5 star in my book if they served more Budweiser products, but it is what it is.  I will definitely come back with Cella when she is invited to spring training.  Thanks El Hefe!
Great drinks, tasty food, good atmosphere, fun servers (easy on the eyes too), and sweet indoor/outdoor feel.  I'd go again next time I'm in town.
Although el hefe is known as a "bar" or a place to "sunday funday," they should also be recognized for their AMAZING taco tuesday. They have $2 tacos that are a fairly good size and absolutely delicious! I love this place!
Out of control.  There is no other way to describe it.  If you're in a serious mood to dance, party, fist pump, and make questionable decisions then this is the place to be!  Especially on Sundays!  All of my experience here has been during Spring Training so I guess it was a little more out of control than usual, but I'd like to experience this place when it is less of a sh*t show.
Bring a pair of ear plugs or two.  I was deaf for like 10 minutes after coming out of this place.  Still don't know what all the hypes are about this place seeing there are always a line waiting to get it every Fridays and Saturdays.  The interior space is very small and you can't really dance with anyone in your group.  I'll be staying away from this place for a while before returning there again.
if you want douches and crap service then El Hefe is your spot. Two years ago this was a rotation nightout spot for friends and I, so, I never had the chance to try out the place during early evening hours for food and drink. Fast forward to recently, seeing that Hi-Fi Kitchen across the street was ridic crowded compared to not as busy El Hefe, a friend and I decided to stop by for a drink and a snack. Upon entering we were told by one of the server/hostess girls to pick a table or sit at the bar. We both wanted to sit outside but saw all their high tops were taken and reluctantly sat at the bar. After a few mins, while waiting to order drinks, a table emptied out, and we snatched it up and this is where they get a one star. 

Personally they do a good job as a bar in old town during the weekends, they play okayish dance music, it's loud, it's happening, it's relevant. They have the douches out to play and they keep the nighttime masses liquored up BUT that's it. Service wise they fail miserably. As we sat at our table, we waited, and waited, and waited so more. There was a server who went by us to attempt to clean up (attempt because she didn't do much) another vacated table, she passed us yet again to check on another table, and passed us yet again just walking by. She could clearly see that we were sitting there with two menus, looking at it, and now bored looking at our phones, and not ONCE did she take the courtesy to stop by and offer a drink order or water. NOTHING. Let me add, it's a bit disconcerting as a customer when you hear the bar staff express concern that Hi-Fi seems really busy across the street while they talk about their lack of business on their side. With servers that do not provide service I can see why you ought to be worried. 

I'm a patient person, and I give props to good service where due but our last straw occurred when a group of girls (six in all) showed up, walked in a grabbed a table behind us on the patio, and lo behold, the SAME SERVER, walks up and assists them, hands out menus, and turns around and ignores us yet again. WTF?!? We got up, we walked out. I saw the manager and felt the need to express my disgust at what I witnessed, maybe I didn't express myself clearly but he didn't seem to care much either. We walked out.
After about 6 Sunday football games they discontinued their Football program where each week if you go you get free things, leading up to a Free Happy Hour with up to 20 friends.  3 of us were dedicated and going every Sunday dropping $50 to $100 bux each time, while suffering through HORRIBLE service, dirty conditions, a management that could give a shit less.  They obviously are focused on the night life crowds and not the daytime.  They old us on either the 6th or 7th visit when we whipped our cards out  and it was time for a free T-Shirt the bartender said "we quit doing those" and then the manager came over.  He promised that he would figure out something for us since we were loyal customer for the past weeks, he did pick up our drinks (1 each) and if I didn't have anywhere to be later that day I would have sat and drank all day on his tab.  None of us have ever heard back from anyone at El Hefe, let alone from JUSTIN (the manager) who promised us he would get back to us.  I will NEVER EVER step foot in this bar again.  Save yourself time and walk down to Majerie's, you won't regret it.
Dear Mr. Hefe,

Although our end product differs, I too am in the Sales and Service industry. As you are well aware, there is never a shortage of notes from customers that wish to complain and often the compliments come few and far between. I would like to change that, today. I attended Cinco de Mayo at your establishment and had the most fun I have ever had in my life. You put on one heck of a show. From the "girls" that danced on the bar all night, to the "girls" that paraded around in bathing suits, it was impressive. Although I only ate one taco, I stared at a buffet of tacos all around me. And they were good. The DJ and the continuous ummmph ummmph from the bass provided the perfect rhythm for girls with daddy issues to rub up on strangers. Like I said earlier, you did well. Real well. The memories of easily manipulated coeds swarming your bar like a couple of retards fighting over the last two pieces of cake will not be easily erased. I can only hope that your Memorial Day party is just as sleazy and creepy!  Keep up the great work. Long live El Hefe. 

- (the first tapper booth on left)
Oh El Hefe, just about my favorite bar of all time. This place is like half bar half club and it's awesome, I've never seen anything like it (the closest thing I've ever seen to it would be Coyote Ugly). There are literally gorgeous girls dancing on the bar pouring tequila in people's mouths, it's insanity. All the bartenders/servers are basically supermodels too. They have pretty good food too but sometimes the service takes a little longer (sometimes supermodels aren't the sharpest). But seriously this place is awesome for a night out or even great for happy hour and they have good music! When I lived in Scottsdale I would always take my friends that were visiting to hefe and they absolutely loved it, definitely a go to bar of mine when i'm in town
I love giving great reviews... Sadly, we also have to be honest and give bad. Took some friends there today. Supposedly it was the "hype" (sadly over).  Upon entry, the space was clean but crowd was more like gorillas hitting on helpless fawn. Yet the fawn were sitting on the bar. Not at, but ON. We sat outside (no hostess) so we just sat. Turns out there was a trainee/trainer for us. Neither had a clue as to "gluten free" including the standard table chips and salsa. Ordered a blended marg (NO Blender, "it broke"). Tacos and salsa great!!!  beer was beer. food was served fast and warm. Again, love the food - def a 3-4.5 on food. But after 19 minutes, we still were not table touched by either the trainee or trainer. There was only 7 table occupied. SAD. but I guess when you hire looks over ability, we should not expect much. Then again, I should know better in the area it is located in. Now, I know El Hef opened not too long ago, but with Hi-FI (a newer more gorilla like venue) the crowd must must explore new territory. El Hefe is "New kid on the block is now the red headed step child" But, give it 12 months and Hi-Fi will take that title. 

Back to point here. in short, if you are looking to be seen, go to either, maybe grab some food. If you are looking for a memorable experience of the good kind, there are 100 options within walking distance.
Who charges hot sauce at a Mexican restaurant? Apparently El Hefe does and didn't even bother to be up front about it. We ordered tacos and asked for hot sauce, so the waitress asked us if we wanted "Pico De Gallo, Salsa Verde or Salsa roja". So we said bring all three. When we got our bill she charges us a $1 each for the little salsa she brought out. If she informed us about charging us then we might as well got the chips and salsa for $3 that already comes with the 3 salsas.  

Also, our tacos were cold by the time she brought them out and service was slow when we asked for our check. Not sure why it was slow because it was only my party of 4 and a couple that were the only ones in there other the the 4 other people at the bar, so we wrote a note why we only gave 10% tip. 

However, we passed by again at night and it loooked poppin!! The nightlife here is probably the spot for this place because dining in during the day was not the business.
The bouncers and especially are rude with a power trip and can suck a DICK. They wouldn't allow my friend and i in the bar because we were wearing shorts on while other customers were wearing shorts. Such Liars! That place is overrated. Big douche bar! BITCH IT AINT VEGAS! !
the place is suppose to be an upscale taco bar its just plain weird.
the only reason I gave it a try cuz I had promotional offers.

the place has skeletons and motor bikes etc all over the walls and they were playing weird music like power pop type music which was really annoying.
the service and food could have been better as well
If you want to surround yourself with a bunch of douchebags wearing Ed Hardy-esque clothing, enough hair gel to set the place on fire, and too much cologne, then El Hefe is the place to be!  That, however, is not my taste.  I can't comment on the food because, after spending one Saturday night drinking there, I have never wanted to go back.  Plus, I can't imagine trying to eat while inhaling all of the aforementioned cologne.  I'll stick to DJ's, my "dive bar" down the street, thank you.
Great place ! Great time ! Food was great !
Pretty horrible food here. Another place that looks bigger on the outside, but is tiny on the inside. Ordered chips and guac and the somehow despite the chips being very shiny and greasy, they were ice cold to the touch. Lying server said they just came out of the fryer. Tacos were horrible as well. Just ordered two camarones tacos and I believe chef idiot grilled one side of the shrimp and forgot to turn it over, leaving other side very white and dangerous. If should have went back, but I didn't turn all the shrimp over until the second taco. Thankfully they are only three bucks each and date was paying, plus the flavors were horrendous with coconut inside and a salsa that did not work well. (sweet pepper). Her tacos were ok I think, but I'm not reviewing them and the guac was good, but can't overcome those nasty chips. The $5 Blue Moon tasted bad as well and this bar does not have the baseball package as Mohawk bartender thought. Entertainment district needs some better food and deals.
The bouncers are bitches. Went on a Wednesday dead as hell... Told me I couldn't wear Jordan's in... But they let people with flip flops, Adidas and other brands in... Mike and I don't approve.
If your idea of a fun night out is standing shoulder to shoulder watching a room full of douchebags and plastic women in a bar, then this is the place for you.  Will not go back.  Too loud, too packed, too fake.  Bartenders were more concerned about performing then pouring (some guy behind the bar was juggling, and then drinking liqour, from his SHOES...???), the meatheads in the bar were pre-occupied with shining up their sunglasses (that they wear "at night")....the entire vibe in this place is overwhelmingly douchey.  Overpriced, too.  At the bottom of my list for old town bars.
I will start off by saying that my first visit was on a Saturday night at 11 PM and I am not a "partier"... The place was beyond crowded, the guys we were with spend more time being our walls of protection that actually enjoying the time there. It was nothing enjoyable. However, like i said prior, this is not a fair review because I do not enjoy that scene. I can say though, my favorite part was the confetti shooting out. That sure helped the 30 minutes go by.
I guess I SORTA thought it,was ok, a lot like every other Scottsdale bar, but the vibe was only ok one of the 2 times I went. I like to people watch and noticed you should go with friends if you are under average to average in the looks department. From what I saw the bartenders only give the good service to their friends. We were in a totally sick ride so they liked us fine, I just felt bad for 3 average looking girls that I ended up buying a drink for cause they looked miserable.
Try ran out of champagne for the $0.10 mimosa refills. As a result of this they told us they would comp us a round of drinks. The service was extremely slow and when the bill finally came they did not comp the drinks they said they would and added 20% gratuity for our party of six. We asked to speak to a manager and no one ever came except the server. I don't have a problem with gratuity included, however if you're going to add 20% to the bill I expect speedy service and a manager to come to our table when requested.
Protip: Add the Fried Egg to the Torta. 
After visiting El Hefe in both the Scottsdale and Chicago locations I must say that this is one of my favorite places to get a modern spin on delicious Mexican food and watch a game, party or attend Happy Hour. The vibe and energy of the bar can't be denied.

If you're looking for a nice quiet night out then this is surely not going to be the venue for you. But if you want to have fun, get a great Beer-Garita (all time amazing) and some high quality Mexican food this is the place. I didn't even know Duck Carnitas were possible until coming here and they did not disappoint one bit. It's hard to pick a favorite taco because they are all enjoyable. 

Whenever I can visit Scottsdale or Chicago, El Hefe is a must stop to watch a Bears or Blackhawks game. I'd argue it's almost as fun as actually attending the games themselves!
Last night was a blast! All the servers were amazing, really friendly and attentive but not pushy.  Even the bathroom attendant was really nice! The bathroom was super clean as well.  Loved the Hornito's drinks! I really can't wait to go back. I've been wanting to try here for a couple months and I'm so glad I went last night! I really can't wait to go back!
Hey everyone. I was just here for a bachelor party the weekend. Honestly, this is a great place to party and dance. Love the crowd. everyone is laid back and just loves to dance, have fun and party. 

Wanted to say thank you to all the staff here for making the night for us and I
 - the wrestler, the shooter girls - you do an amazing job. the people who made the mexican day of the dead night beyond epic. 

This place is the hotspot in scotsdale. If you love to dance, go here. Get off the couch and go here. If you need a place to move around. Grab some real estate on the patio, a table, the booth seats along the wall, the speaker box, grab something and just dance.
I'm having a Scottsdale over dose and loving it!!!!
I love the setting, the place is fun, it was pack and still service was excellent, always checking if I needed a drink (I was sitting at the bar) the staff was incredible friendly and the music was good. I still would enjoyed more if they had a live band, but makes sense its not the kind of place. The drinks were good also, the beer very cold and the cocktails  well served. I will probably become a regular but I have still much discovering to do in Scottsdale!
the carne asada and pork tacos are my favorite in arizona!  i like how they provide mini spoons to apply the tasty salsas for the chips as well.  just go here before the party hours begin to avoid the dance crowd if you are looking for good tacos
This place alone is worth traveling to Scottsdale for! But if you dont like good looking people, good music, great food and even better Beer-(or 4Loko)-garitas, then you probably wont like this place. The staff is not only extremely attractive, but they also provide top-tier service. 

I highly recommend eating the duck carnitas tacos and chasing them down with a (few) of their famous margaritas. But if you're feeling a bit boring that night, the steak and chicken tacos will siffuce since they are legit better than those you have in the streets of Mexico. 

(PS. The chicken torta with a fried egg on top is one of the most underrated things on the menu. Do yourself a favor and order it if you're at the point in life where you are in need of an enlightening experience.)
My group spend well over $3000 (not including tips) on drinks, tables with the taps on, and three bottles with bottle service on my birthday...and tipped everyone like crazy...and what did this place do to thank us? They kicked us all out and called the cops, getting 2 people in my group arrested when they did NOTHING wrong...the bouncers are a serious issue at this place.

I would have been a very valuable customer to have, but now I will never go back there and will NEVER suggest this place to my friends, I would actually go out of my way to tell them not to.
Okay so this is your stereotypical Old Town Scottsdale night club.  One caveat....they shoot confetti into the sky from little guns.  Alright, I'm hooked. 

It's over crowded.
And I don't mean with just people in general.  I mean sweaty, overly intoxicated, overly "friendly" d's.  

You have to expect that going into a place where you'll wait in line for 45min if you don't have breasts, right?  But again....the confetti. 

They have chicks that dance on the bar running around with a whistle and a bottle of liquor pouring shots into whomever is brave enough to step up to the bar.  (This girl on her birthday! - no judgement needed.)  Note to self: this liquid they pour into your mouth taste more like battery acid rather than actual alcohol, but hey, it's the experience.

I have never even considered eating here being that I only force my friends into this establishment for special occasions.....or nights we've been over poured and feel like Superman.  

On my birthday we ventured in here for 30min-1hr.  Enough time for a drink or two and a couple confetti showers. Heaven.  If you haven't been I recommend at least going once to really experience a real "unce unce" night in Old Town.  It will be everything you imagined.  That is if you imagine things such as: sticky floors, tight shirts on men, girls with tube socks on bars, overly gel'd - spiked hair, tight/short dresses, long lines (outside and inside), ear drum bursting bass and CONFETTI. 

You're welcome.
Probably the best burger I've ever eaten
brunch here and happy hour is awesome. At night it turns into your stereotypical Scottsdale d-bag watering hole. Among the sea of roid raged bros with overly gelled hair and drenched in Armani cologne, will you occassionally spot a pretty waitress dancing upon the bar, with a tequila bottle in her hand ready to pour into your mouth.
Cool atmosphere, loud, games on, DJ during commercials.... Cool spot. Food was good, nothing that knocked me off my stool, tacos were a couple bite sized and olny $3 i think. My brother had a brown bag of Tecate, classic!
All good.... I would go back if in the hood of Snottsdale.
Aloha
As a nightclub, I think this place is tops. It is the club that started a new fad in Old Town, inspiring other, newer clubs to be more like it with indoor/outdoor setups, plus the taps built into the tables is a cool concept. The servers there are friendly and the place is fun. So what's not to like? Well, I was completely underwhelmed with the food our table had ordered.  The burgers were dry and the portion size of the sides were very small. The prices were a little high as well. We left there feeling ripped off a little, with no intentions of returning for future dine-ins.
Bloody Mary's for Brunch......awesome....buy one for $12 and get as many as you want for 25 cents each!  Did I mention it comes with crispy bacon?  Tacos were great too!
At first my feelings for El Hefe were love/hate. Mainly because I couldn't understand why they built this place to be so freaking SMALL with such a MASSIVE bar... sort of a stupid design plan. Not even a dance floor was included when they built this place yet they managed to add TWO bars.

I would only go to Hefe when I was getting a table or if someone in the group knew a bartender. But after being dragged in all summer, I warmed up to it. It is still not my favorite but I do love the concept and the wall decor. 

I would suggest if you plan on coming here on Friday or Saturday, get a table. The money is worth it unless you plan on spending half your night just trying to bob and weave through a sardine can filled with people.
Massive bar, great food, but sort of small.

Tacos were a few bucks, alcohol was pretty cheap, and they have specials for Brunch on some days.

Usually a line to get in unless your a chick.
We came here with high hopes but were highly disappointed. The service was horrible (our waitress would disappear for long periods of time and would ask is what we ordered several times), the margaritas seemed watered down (house and Cadillac) and our tacos were less than desired (in fact 2 of them were cold). The shrimp taco was by far the weirdest taco I've ever eaten! We saw others order the fajitas and those looked much better....maybe I'll try that next time. 

We are going to try the Tempe location in the future to see if that's any better.
The few times I've been to El Hefe have all taken place during late nights, so I was pretty skeptical to come for the food on a weeknight evening.

Came to watch the Suns game and got a prime spot at the bar with no problem. It was Tuesday, so you know what that means..and if you don't, I'll give you a hint: Taco Tuesday. El Hefes TT specials were great--$2 tacos and $3 draft Dos Equis. 

So there's the back story.. now for the food.

Their tacos were SO good. I mean, really, really good. If you go to Barrio Queen for this type of fare, stop. Don't go back there, you're getting ripped off. The tacos here were super flavorful, and they do not skimp on the meat. My new favorite taco spot!

Come here for tacos. And to make it even sweeter, come here on a Tuesday so you can get 'em for 2 bucks.
It's clearly time for me to write an update since I am the duchess and all. What can I say. I love this place. I used to hate it and judge on it hard core but let's just say I'm going through a phase where I'm reliving my younger early 20's. (If you thought to yourself, but wait! Isn't she like only 24? Then bless your heart and we should be BFF).

I mean I'm pretty much here at LEAST once a week. Most likely 2-3 times. Mostly to rage face on the weekends. Sunday Funday? DUH. I'm usually pretty hamskied by the time I walk over here but I'm pretty sure you can find me dancing somewhere around the bar. 

I can say that now have actually eaten the food here and it's def better than I thought it was gonna be. I've had brunch here before...they don't do bottomless but they do like a $15 schooner and then penny refills. Not mad at it. I can't remember what I had for brunch but I'm pretty sure I didn't eat it bc I was hung over and about to vom. But I think the bite or two that I did have were pretty tasty. The tacos are pretty good too - I've had the steak, chicken and beef cheek. Beef cheek is probs my fav. Get it. Don't be a puss. 

Hefe is in my little hot corner and I do love me some of that hot corner - it's always packed! but I think with Bottled Blonde opening up, there's been a little more breathing room. 

Hefe..hefe..hefe..**sigh** so many blurred memories. All of which I'm sure were a great time.
I used to love this place  and come every Sunday with large group of people but lately the bouncers at the door  holds the  line for no reason. Last Sunday While the place was 1/3 full I had to wait in line for 30 minutes. However the door guy let about 50 people whom he didn't bother to check IDs because he knew them. This attitude needs to change and everyone should be respected. If we have to pay to get in the. Post a cover charge I would gladly pay that 5 or 10 dollar at the door than bribing your door guy. Last time I check bribing was against the law. Hire new door guys who is not associated with same douchy Scottsdale crowd so everyone get a chance to experience this place. Customer service starts at the door el Hefe management team not at the table. Till then I will take my money somewhere else...
Edit: The manager came over and fixed the situation. Still wouldn't order a cocktail but cool that they refunded the second set of kettle.

Don't order a cocktail. Major ripoff. $9 for kettle and soda that was so weak that we ordered a second shot and it cost another $9. Basically you'll pay $18 for a very weak drink. Go across the street to HiFi...
One star!! Friday night long day and week, I get home, put my and1 shorts and tanktop. 20 min I'm on mill. my buddy had cigar that he wanted to smoke. walked to El jefe and the security guy won't let me Inn bcoz my shorts. so I guess if you one of the thousand peeps that hangout with shorts and a tank AVOID THIS PLACE.
With plans to go to Spring Training in full effect, I turned to Living Social and Groupon to find some deals on places to eat nearby and El Hefe was at the top of my list. I went to their site (and Yelp) page and instantly purchased the Groupon voucher. $20 for $40 worth of food and drinks. Unbeknownst to me there are tons and tons of Mexican restaurants in the Scottsdale area and El Hefe was in the middle of a very nice neighborhood full of eateries trying to cash in on Spring Training. 

As you approach El Hefe you'll notice their great outdoor patio, perfect for brunch, day drinking, or a refreshing cocktail as the sun sets. We arrived a little before noon on a Saturday, which meant they were offering their brunch drinks. Even before we got inside the trendy taqueria, our eyes gravitated towards an oversized mimosa with a mini champagne bottle coming out of the goblet. After seating ourselves and our attractive waitress introducing herself, I ordered the Bulldog Mimosa for $12 with refills at $0.01!

After milling over the menu for a bit, as well as enjoying my oversized mimosa simultaneously, I ordered the Pollo Parrilla Torta, a Mexican sandwich with grilled chicken breast with a tomato-ancho jam, chipotle mayo, queso asadero, mixed greens, and a bit of lime oil. My party ordered a few high-calorie appetizers that I passed on, in order to enjoy a few of the penny refills. Priorities first.

A few refills later (3 or 4 to be exact) our food came out and the fajitas looked great as did the two tortas we ordered. The bread of the torta was fluffy and sweet and was a striking contrast to what I'm used to but added great dimension to the sandwich. The chicken was equally great and had plenty of flavor all while being moist. All the flavors worked together making it a truly unique Mexican sandwich. I added a bit of hot sauce and the torta was gone before I knew it. I went ahead and tried the steak fajitas ($16) which instantly made me want to order the steak torta. I didn't. I should mention that additional tortillas are $2.

I should mention that the mimosa refills aren't the big, overflowing, jumbo-sized ones but rather the size of a normal cocktail. Nevertheless you can't complain for a penny. The bar staff messed up a few times and I was lucky enough to get varying sizes of the mimosa refills. Service was inconsistent but you couldn't be mad at our friendly waitress, as she was overworked and was servicing every table. You'd think they'd have a full staff ready to go given that it's a Saturday, at 12pm, on gameday. 

El Hefe was close to a perfect 5 stars but after some churros that were sent back and a less than helpful manager, as well as the inconsistent service, 4 stars will have to suffice. I will, however, be back next year during Spring Training, especially to try out their tableside beer taps that I didn't have a chance to try out this time around. 

Ambiance/Decor: 5/5
Food: 4/5
Service: 3/5
Price: $$
Overall: 4/5

Pros:
+ Unique taqueria decor (very San Diego)
+ Patio bar/seating
+ Large main bar
+ Spacious dining area/tables
+ Tableside beer taps!
+ Oversized drinks w/ refill specials
+ Tasty tortas and great overall menu
+ Attractive waitresses and bartenders

Cons:
- Additional tortillas run $2
- Inconsistent service
- Manager did little to resolve our problem
Hard to say a bad thing about this place. Bar tending is primo. Customer service... Spot on. The food is the best in Old Town. 

Amongst all the glory hole places on "the strip"  in Old town, you cannot go wrong with The Boss.
I prefer the El Hefe on Mill for having more space and nicer staff. This place is pretty packed most of the time with a line that doesn't seem efficiently taken care of. The front men aren't the nicest, and had an affectation of authority, basically they were very pretentious - making them unprofessional. I know people complain about the front men at Maya, but at least they do their job professionally. Also, at Mint, they're very professional as well. 

Once inside, it's pretty messy, the crowd and patrons there aren't the ideal crowd you want to be around, neither at the El Hefe on Mill, it must be an El Hefe thing. :P An obnoxious, and irresponsible atmosphere. 

The drinks weren't bad though, and the food might be good. Might come back for that.
One of my new favorite places.  The food is so delicious and reasonably priced and the staff is really friendly.  The music / television can be a bit loud but it is a bar so I can't really complain about it.  I like the Mill Ave location better for people watching on the patio.  Both places are dog friendly!

Everything I've tried is fresh and delicious.  I love their ceviche tostadas, salsa, chips and guac to start, but we've also had the corn dip and it's pretty good.  The tacos are all yummy, and the house salad is really good.  I haven't tried anything I didn't like.  The servers are friendlier than I would expect and that's been consistent so they hire well.

Not sure I would've tried this place based purely on appearances and the bar atmosphere because it's not really our style, but the food keeps bringing us back.  I love it for lunch or an early dinner.
Pretty packed on the weekends, GREAT music. Drinks were decent.
Saturday afternoon  - almost impossible to get a drink.  The bartenders are too busy talking on their cell phones instead of helping a full bar of frustrated patrons.  Had to ask 3 different times for 2 beers before someone actually brought them.  There were also some strange smells if vomit and fish in certain areas.  Also, THEY DO NOT WASH THEIR GLASSES. We saw someobe bring out a brand new box of glasses, open it and then place the glasses under the bar. One of the bartenders grabbed a cup directly from the box, filled it with beer and then gave it to a customer!   So gross will never go back.
DO NOT TRY TO SPEND BIG MONEY HERE, YOU WILL GET KICKED OUT FOR NO GOOD REASON AT ALL (NO GOOD REASON BEING THE BOUNCER'S NAPOLEON COMPLEX).

My best friend lives in Phoenix, and every time the gang comes to town to reunite, we always head to El Hefe and have always had the best time there.

But apparently, when you like to spend a lot of $$$ though, the El Hefe bouncers (I'm talking to you blonde curls), like to treat you like total sh*t. 

You see, it all started when we all came to town to celebrate my best friend's  graduation. (Keep in mind we're all grown adults, not college aged kids who go crazy).  We show up at El Hefe early enough to secure a table, and I proceed to drop over $500 in shots and bottle service for 13 of us (and the others bought their own drinks in addition to this). This blonde haired bouncer continuously tries to get us to clear the space in between two of the tables on the far end of the bar (because the girls were surrounding all four sides of the table, dancing), we refuse because HELLO, OUR BOTTLE & DRINKS ARE ALL ON THIS TABLE back off and leave us alone. Not even a third of our bottle gone and thus, still very sober, I am told that my best friend got kicked out for "being too drunk". I immediately walk outside to find him very calm, standing there asking the other bouncer in what way he was "too drunk" because he had not done A THING. We were all standing around talking and/or dancing. He was there with his wife. He's not acting inappropriately nor is he unable to stand or talk without slurring his words. I'm thoroughly confused as to what "too drunk" is, especially because I could point to at least 15 people inside that were most DEFINITELY too drunk. 

Then, I turn to see my other friend being held by at least 3 bouncers, one of whom had him in some choke hold, being VIOLENTLY THROWN on the cement curb. (REALLY, A CURB? IT COULDN'T BE FLAT GROUND?!!).
Here's the best part, he also was not acting inappropriately and was apparently also asking one of the bouncers why our other friend got kicked out.  HOW I WISH I HAD VIDEO-RECORDED THE ENTIRE INCIDENT.

So now two of our friends have been kicked out for no good reason, we're WELL over $500 out, not even a third of our bottle has been drunk (keep in mind, there were 13 of us) and the bouncers unnecessarily used excessive force in throwing out one of my friends.

One of the bouncers then tried to pour our bottle out (nice try buddy), but we handed it to another table instead) and we took it up with the manager, who offered to give us another bottle if we returned the following night to make up for it. (By the way man, you should probably be aware of your bouncer's behavior so you can better "manage" the place). I didn't go back the following night but my friends did and the manager did offer them all  2 rounds of drinks on the house. (Good for him for recognizing terrible customer service to a group that's spending good money in your business).

In any case, none of this should have went  down and I can think of a few bouncers who need to go through some serious training and learn how to treat your well-behaved paying customers. 
Sadly, we'll be avoiding El Hefe and its bouncers with a Napolean complex from now on.
This is one of my least favorite places in all of Phoenix. I'll grant you that I'm more than a little biased against 'clubs' in general (I'd rather relax, talk, and laugh than get bumped around, shout, and pay $15 for a whiskey after waiting in line for 15 minutes). 

That being said, this place is the worst of the worst as far as clientele goes. Every Phoenician has heard of the $35K / year Scottsdale millionaire. Well, this is where they all come on Friday and Saturday nights to take on more crushing credit card debt so they can pop some bottles and impress some trashy women. 

Are you a male in your twenties that likes cranberry mixers, works in 'finance' (read: entry level teller at Chase), leases a 328i, is not above slipping something in a girl's drink, and pretends to be some kind of pseudo-cowboy hardass at Country Thunder once a year? Then you'll love it here among your friends.

Are you a woman that is attracted to the aforementioned Scottsdale Bro? You'll love it here as well.
Great atmosphere and great food.  The tacos are a bit on the small side but that lets you get a taste of all of all of them.  Booth tables have their own beer tap!  Enough said...  The place is not very big but it is a lot of fun.
The pork alpastor = 1 thing and that's amazing! Stop in to check it out. If you are looking for a great place to rage on Sundays, then this is where you want to be. Great music, tons of chicks, and good food. What more could you ask for.
Love this place! Foods awesome, the staff is fun, and the atmosphere is contagious. You can't walk out of here without a smile. 

The food is a brilliant take on classic Mexican food and looks as good as it tastes. They have about a million tequilas and a million more margarita combinations. 

Located right in the heart of old town Scottsdale this place lives up to the hype. Beautiful women run wild in this place, However with that come the occasional tatted meat head but those guys are cool too (sometimes). The line moves fairly quickly as does the pace of the night. This place is usually pretty busy and always fun.
This place is amazing I go there all the time for the tacos and they're amazed la chica flaca margarita! The staff is always attentive and willing to help out with anything even if your phone needs a charge. They are always holding fun events like taco eating contest and what not. If you're in the Scottsdale area you should definitely stop by for lunch or go later at night for a crazy party!
Went to El Hefe with some friends and really loved the atmosphere and the food! We sat at a booth w the old school taps (still cold/can't use) and had great service! I ordered the Queso Fundido and Chicken nachos for the table and everything was delicious! Had great drinks, great food, great service. When in Scottsdale hit this place up! Was awesome at 4pm and apparently gets crazy fun later in the evening!
I knew the moment I walked into Gypsy Bar that it was immediately forgettable.

The decor is fine and the staff in "fast forward" motion, trying to keep up with the demand for drinks. But...the music just sucks! Baby Got Back? Really? Welcome to 2012.

I hope GB learns from it's auditory mistakes and joins the 21st century.
We decided to pop in here after happy hour on a Friday night.  I saw photos on Facebook about the arcade games and such, and thought it'd be a fun way to keep the night going!  I was correct, to be sure.

The set up of the place is intriguing - it's connected to Lucky Strike bowling, but separated for some reason by a velvet rope.  I really have no idea why as we could walk back and forth - they just had some guy standing there moving the rope for us.

Gypsy bar is made up of three sections - the bar area, the dance floor, and the arcade.  The dance floor looked like any dance floor - good times if we decided to get hammered (we didn't, but maybe another time).  The bar was fine, nothing particular about it - good or bad.  The reason I'm excited about this place, though...  The arcade games!

It seems to me that the owners spent a drunken night at Dave and Busters and cherry picked the best social games from there.  Drinking and playing with your friends is a great experience.  Pac Man Battle Royal, the light touch game (you'd know it if you saw it), trivia, skee ball, pop a shot, crane games... They've got it all.  The set up is similar to D&B's, where you purchase a card with points to play the games.  Tickets get stored on the card automatically, and you can redeem for prizes at the counter (everything from candy to cool little toys and such).

I've got a couple hundred tickets on my card already, so I'll be back for more!  I've got my eyes on that Lord of the Rings PEZ collector's set...

Quick tip - Get your parking validated at the bowling shoes counter next door!
It's a sad story that you hear every once in a while, a grand opening kick off party setting low expectations. I'm guessing they will learn to iron out the kinks here though.

With a weekend packed full of stuff scheduled through the Yelp events page, I was excited to cap off Saturday Night with a grand opening party at Gypsy Bar. We heard that theres an adult's only arcade in there, and skee ball is the wifes fave! I liked what Gypsy Bar is doing with the arcade, bar, dance club atmosphere. Apparently, so does half of sun city's most eligible bachelors; the dance floor seemed to ooze ben gay. I wasn't so excited, waiting about 10+ minutes for the bar staff to notice me standing right in front of them, waiving my arms in hopes that they would grace me with their presence. "Vodka diet, and a diet coke for the DD please" I said without hesitating; I didn't want to miss my opportunity. $10 later, I wouldn't call it a cheap drink, but I certainly am glad they didn't charge $12 to pour some kettle one into my cocktail; it's about what I was expecting.

We spent a few minutes checking everything out and another 45 minutes or so playing air hockey, skee ball, basket ball, and other games of the arcade variety. My best skee ball score was 34,000, in case you were wondering. I could have done better though, given enough time, money, and dedication to achieving the high score.

I considered busting out my uber white guy moves on the dance floor, but I wasn't really into the 80's / 90's remix the DJ was spinning. Sir mix alot isn't on my personal play list and for good reason. 

In need of some personal validation, I was bounced from the girl at the door, to the bar staff (another 10 minute wait by the way), and ultimately the maitre d' desk at Lucky Strike next door to get my CityScape parking ticket stamped. Save yourself some time and skip bouncing from staff member to staff member; go directly to Lucky Strike to get your ticket validated too.

I'll likely check them out again down the line, but I won't be running out the door to make a night of it if there's something better to do on a Friday or Saturday. 

Sorry Gypsy Bar, that's just how I saw it. Happy Yelping Phoenix.
So this bar is attached and affiliated to Lucky Strike and I will NEVER go here again!

My number 1 reason is because they are DISHONEST!  

Okay that statement is a bit of an assumption, but let me clarify.  I had left my credit card there after happy hour and didn't notice till the next morning.  I called them (Lucky Strike) later in the afternoon to ask if they had it, and after 10 mins of waiting, no card.  I did appreciate that staff member for looking.  I then called my credit card company to cancel, then I found out there was an extra charge to Lucky Strike for $3.01 the following day, and then a gas station charge, and an attempted charge to Ross, which they declined since it was suspicious.
I feel as though it had to be someone from there because I was asked for my ID to order drinks, run a tab, and pay.  So an employee should have caught someone else trying to use my card there.  So after reading this you decide...

As far as the Gypsy Bar goes, it was a nice looking establishment.  The service was okay, really it wasn't anything special.  The bartender got our order wrong, and it took a while to get service.  Food was okay as well.  It was priced well since it was Happy Hour, and I was looking forward to going again, but scratch that!  I would have rated this place as a 3 if it wasn't for the whole card fiasco.  

I don't usually write reviews like this, but I just feel like people should beware to places trying to take advantage of you.  So sad that it had to come down to this.


(Belated) YELP REVIEW CHALLENGE #24/31
Their fries are awesome and so is the spinach artichoke dip. The drinks seemed overpriced to me for their specialty list, by like $2 each. I usually go and get well drinks since they are cheaper so you can afford to play more games. I liked the game area, but I felt like they picked some tacky ticket games for adults.
They have a good selection of old and new music as well as a nice dance floor. 
It has been completely dead here a few nights though on Fridays/Saturdays..I guess the decor is lacking for people or something..not sure...but for starts, they need to step up their marketing :]

Oh ya we were going to do bottle service here for a birthday, but $600 quote for a dead Saturday night at a bar...was so not going to happen.
Too bad yelp makes you give a fuck, because i really don't have "A" fuck to give. So you get 1 star.

Mgmt was awful and pretentious FOR A STRIVING CLUB. Lol.

They say the first impression is the lasting one and for a club Dave and Busters, you guys are already off to a bad start.

Watered down drinks, inconsistent dress code, and a staff as mindless as the owner....?

I don't get it.

A wanna be scottsdale club, in the middle of downtown phx.......

suggestion: Keep scottsdale in scottsdale. If you need me i'll be fartin elsewhere bro.
Great place to people watch (went on a Friday night). This place is connected to the bowling alley and tries to be a bar and a club combined into one. I don't think they did a very well job of it though.
Meh. I've experienced better. Ain't that the truth! 

Stale chips and super oniony guacamole? Even at $3, I should have passed. The order took so long to arrive that I almost cancelled it, and MAN do I wish I had... The only saving grace was the salsa - it was generic but still pretty tasty. The drink specials during happy hour weren't a bad price, but apparently there was some sort of dispute about the happy hour prices being misprinted on the fliers that were all over the bar. The bartendress honored the prices but kept exclaiming that they weren't correct. WHO CARES, LADY?? JUST GIVE ME MY BEER! AND FOR $3!!! The patron to my left asked if she could have a happy hour martini for $4 and the bartender went on a spiel about how the price is in actuality $5, plus a $2 extra alcohol charge for the second type of liquor, so that the martini would actually be $7. Or $9. I was thinking "that is NOT a happy hour martini!" until I realized that in real life (in non-happy hour time) a martini at this place ran twice as much. Sheesh, and no thanks.
Have been twice and so far, so good. I've only been on Saturdays and both times, the DJ blew my mind. He played some Big Boi and Philippians Remix of "Runnin'" which made my night. I get so excited over awesome music. My only issue though - it's not very crowded. :( I love to dance but when the dance floor is only half full, it's just not as fun. The gogo dancers are fantastic though. Scottsdale girls - take a note from these ladies. They tear it up! The drinks were very strong (yay alcoholism!) and the crowd is diverse. It seems so promising, but they need to draw in a larger crowd or it won't last.
I am quickly becoming a big fan of the new restaurants and bars in CityScape. We had a nice time at the arrogant butcher the other night, so I figured we would head back and see what else RED development has to offer. While trying to figure out where we were going to head we ran into a staff member from Gypsy Bar who told us about their Happy Hour and that they had just opened, so we decided to check it out. The place is gorgeous on the inside with artwork hung by local downtown artists all over the walls it is really well designed. We arrived slightly late for the Happy Hour, but the bartender was really cool and managed to squeeze us in for a last call if you are looking for a good Happy Hour in downtown these guys have a great one. 
    We stuck around until the DJ and the dancers came on and it started rocking like a full blown hot spot,  dancing, Videos on the screens, and GoGo dancers it was a really good vibe something that Downtown Phoenix can really use right now. We will definitely be back
Eh! I wasn't impressed by this addon to lucky strike. There is an identity crisis as well, why the name Gypsy bar? Nothing is Gypsy. The drinks are pricey and the food is meh. Eat elsewhere like at Arrogant butcher around the corner and come to lucky strike for the bowling.
This bar is attached to another bar in the cityscape area. The place was packed and it was difficult to move around anywhere. Bi didn't get to see the whole place but I did not see any places to sit only stand.  The attractive features of this place are the dance floor where you are able to work off some of those calories that you just drank and the arcade which makes you feel like a kid again.  Although the selection of games is limited.
Easily the worst establishment in downtown Phoenix. Hands down. 

I can't express how badly I wish I could give 0 stars to this place. Disrespect from the second we showed up to the last. I want nothing to do with the employees or the clientele and I'm embarrassed to say I wasted my New Years Eve here. I want a refund of the time I wasted here. 

Cityscape is a great thought. There are some gems. Unfortunately it's the trash like Gypsy Bar which will continue to pull the wrong demographic into the area and will lead to the demise of the center. If Gypsy Bar is still open in 2014 I'll eat my words, haggle with cholo bouncers and buy you all an over-priced, watered-down drink from an asshole bartender. But don't count on it.

If you want a real drink in the area - go to the Blue Hound at Palomar. I promise a completely different and improved experience.
I will never be visiting this place again.

SNOBBY EMPLOYEES
OVERPRICED
MEDIOCRE FOOD
MINIMAL DRINK SELECTIONS


Hands down the worst beer selection and drink pricing I have seen in downtown Phoenix. Two of their beers that were supposed to be on tap were out. They were out of iced tea. The frier was not working.

I visited here with a group of friends so I did not cause a scene because I wanted us to have a good evening. But honestly, when my girlfriend and I asked for more chips when the small amount we were given with our guacamole appetizer ran out - 1st, the waitress forgot about it - 2nd, when i asked her about it again she said ok, then came back and said that it would be the price of another appetizer to get more chips.

Are you kidding me? Really? Tortilla chips are costing your shag business $9.00 to refill? 

On top of the mediorce beer selection, another friend in our group ordered a cocktail and stated that it was not strong at all and even felt watered down. Reading other reviews, I see that other people have felt the same way.

The waitress was the snobbiest thing I've ever seen. I'm not one to put up with that when I go out to eat because I don't go to restaurants on the top of Camelback Mountain. You would've thought little miss thing was working at the Ritz Carlton. She was rude, unhelpful and deserved less than a 10% tip.

Which brings me to my next issue with this extablishment. They automatically grat 20% for parties of 6 or more. that is a VERY LOW number on a party. Most restaurants do automatic grat on parties of 8 or more, and it is usually 18%.

If you visit this business, expect to not be informed of what they DON'T have until you try to order it. You will receive mediocre bar food for insanely expensive prices. You will not get the drink you want and if you somehow do, it won't be what you expected. You will leave feeling robbed, cheated and wishing you went somewhere else.
I have to chime in here seeing those B.S. 5 star reviews.

I usually give new places a pass, because I figure they have some kinks to work out, but when I see people shilling for them, I feel it ruins the purpose of yelp.

First, the Bartenders and waitresses are not knowledgeable about mixed drinks, and rather rude.

I ordered a Manhattan, the drink the waitress brought me was made with Scotch.  When I complained, she told me "Manhattans are always made with Scotch", she left out the, Duh.  But the tone was clear.

Except, Manhattans are made with Whiskey, traditionally Rye. NEVER Scotch.
I insisted, and got a new one, it was passable.

Next, not wanting to deal with the B.S. I order a Maker's Mark on the rocks.  Decent pour, but when I got the bill it was $2 extra.  

Now I asked the waitress, and she told me it was extra because a rocks pour is larger.  I find this dubious at best.  The drinks were already pricey, so this just galled me.

If you are looking for a slice of Scottsdale Downtown, I guess this place is ok for you, but I won't be back.
nice place.  They had a great guitar player that we listened to while having a drink for my wife's birthday.
Really Guys ?? I loved this place! Was there Saturday had an amazing time! First we bowled next door had a few drinks then headed right next door great Dj a mix of good people ARCADE WAS PRETTY KOOL!!! Go Go dancers nice to look at ice breakers! drink were a little pricey but hey theres no COVER! ITS CLEAN NICE! WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR! More of a Preppy Upper Scale Bar Gay friendly! = ]
This place is located on the second floor and it has a nice view!  The drinks are pricey but they do offer happy hour. You have to check their happy hour and what they offer!  I enjoyed being their customer last Saturday night.
Tuesday night is not the night to go to Gypsy Bar.

Friday is better. Saturday better still.

On Tuesday nights you will likely be one of five people in the audience listening to an elderly, heavy-set woman belting out a Rihanna song accompanied by a Karaoke track. You won't see artists in the mini-stages set into the walls. Neither will you see go-go dancers. Those things are reserved for the weekends.

If you go on a Friday or Saturday you'll get City Scape's closest approximation of a "scene"--with drink prices to match. It's not really LA yet, but it's trying.
Came here for the Phoenix NewTimes happy hour event last night. Really liked the modern vibe of the place. Cool modern artwork.
Customers are able to freely walk in and out of the Lucky Strike bowling alley next door which is pretty cool.
Was most impressed with the staff. The manager, named Dallas, was helping out at the bar when I arrived. I mentioned to my date how it's always nice when the bartender acknowledges your existence and doesn't just leave you hoping and wondering if you'll ever eventually be served. He struck up a conversation with us and seemed like a real cool guy. Gave us the kind of welcomed feeling that makes us want to come back.
Ended up here because the three other places we went to first sucked for one reason or another and this was in the vicinity.  There was a good amount of people here for a Friday night but not so packed that I felt like I needed to elbow someone in the face to get to the bar.  The music was good and the staff was friendly and quick.  My favorite part is the game room they have in the back of the club.  It's essentially a Dave & Buster's with a dance floor and better music.  I had a lot of fun and there's already been talk of making a second appearance here in the near future.
Gypsy Gypsie Gypsee...

So, I tried Gypsie Bar at City Scape recently and I was pleasantly surprised. After hearing (and Yelp reading) a few reviews about it, I have formulated my very own take on the place:

GORGEOUS! The views from this bar are amazing. Especially on the Lucky Strikes Bowling side. I drank my Redbull Vodka happily as I stared into the vast array of buildings at night. The seats/bar/layout are very modern and comfortable. The decor is posh. The lighting was not too dark, but not too bright. It was perfect! 

FUN- There is a bar, a dance floor, lounge, arcade and a bowling alley. I went with a few friends and had a blast. I could dance it up for a while, then stroll on over the lounge and relax. I am surprised that so many are not raving about this place! 

ENVIRONMENT- I enjoyed the environment here. The people were very relaxed, not too dressed up but not too dressed down ect. There was not the "I'm here to get laid" vibe which was amazing! Everyone seemed very chill and there genuinely to enjoy a night out.

STAFF- The staff was very professional and sweet. They were not overly pretentious or rude which is rare for the nicer bars. The drinks were priced about the same price as they are on Mill Ave, however they are bigger and not served a plastic dixie cup (lol).

Overall, I LOVED this place! I will be definitely  heading there once again in the future. Thanks for taking the time to read my review!
HAPPIEST HOUR! We went to the Fleetwood Mac concert at US airways last night and one of our group had heard that they have an amazing Happy Hour. They couldn't have been more right...They have a nice selection of draft beers (not super extensive) but either 2 or 3 bucks at Happy Hour, and some killer selections of food for the 3-5 dollar range. The staff was very friendly and the vibe was great for pre gaming before a show. This is my new stop before any concert or event downtown.
Okay. So let's get real here for a minute folks. All of you that call yourselves my friends that never told me this was behind Lucky Strike are dead to me. DEAD TO ME. I had to discover this due to a friend hosting karaoke there one night.

This place makes me feel sexy just walking in. Even if I was wearing sweatpants and a hoodie. Sexy! The seating is comfortable, the dance floor is large and in charge and there's a stage if you feel the need to be the center of attention, which I sometimes do. I'm a performer, what can I say.

I haven't eaten here but the drink menu is solid. Give me some whiskey and ginger concoctions and I'm game. 

A game room is nearby so everyone in your group can be happy and have a good time. The skew-ball is off the hook.

With plenty of options and being connected to Lucky Strike, this place is a winner. Parking is validated and the light rail is nearby, so you have no more damn excuses.
This place was pretty cool.  They had a nice little dance floor, a decent bar (a bit pricey for the feel), a Dave n Busters style game area, and a bowling alley right next to it.  From an out of towners perspective, it was a fun time.  BTW, if you want to drink and park, the parking attendant downstairs leaves at 4ish and doesnt return till later.  So just a hint.  You have time to sober up and then not pay ANY parking fees.  I had a hotel, but yeah....oh they had these circus dancing chicks....like go go dancers but hanging from a ceiling.
The decor of this place is awesome.  It has a video arcade which is pretty cool.  It's connected to Lucky Strike which like a hip bowling alley.  The area behind the dance floor has panels that lift up to reveal things.  On the night I went they had artists behind the panels painting pictures like some artsy peep show.  Also the staff were all wearing some pretty wild outfits on this night which made it fun.  A little pricey on the drinks, but a cool place to check out.
How did it take me so long to discover the Gypsy Bar? It's an adult arcade after-all and my kind of fun! Located behind Lucky Strike, this bar is an arcade that serves alcohol. It reminds me of a mini version of the ESPN Zone. They have a great selection of games including air hockey, skee ball, basketball, car racing, guitar hero and my favorite game of all? Group PAC Man! My only qualm with this bar is that they don't dedicate the entire bar to the arcade. It's a lot of fun and a great way to enjoy a night of cocktails through a fun activity. 

We went on a Thursday night so it wasn't crowded but I also noticed a dance floor which could be fun on weekend nights. But you won't find me on the dance floor, you'll find me having PAC Man fever in the arcade. Between Gypsy Bar and Lucky Strike (not to mention Stand Up Live), this area is guaranteed fun for a night out. If you see me there, I'll challenge you to a game of air hockey!
This place was freaking awesome. Nice club, rather interesting entertainment, awesome music. 

We've never been here before, but I'd love to go back. The dance floor is intense. The pole dancer? Whoa! 

Celebrated a friends birthday here. They had food drinks and an arcade. 

Get crazy!
This is a dance club? LOL. Guess a place can't determine the crowd that comes in...or can it??  I'll bring extra money to play the games next time. Maybe I'm just antisocial but having a bathroom for me to pee in while strolling through downtown at night was the best part. Zing!
I went there on a Sunday night so the place was fairly dead however the staff was great and even gave us some cards to enjoy the games for 15 minutes so that we could have fun while we hung out.  It was a great vibe and it seems like it would be a cool place to hang when there are other people around.  The animal art on the wall was a little strange but it added to the eclectic nature of this great place!
I like this bar. Cheap drinks, a full arcade and lively people, isn't that all you want in a bar? I had a lot of fun here and my tab ended up being so cheap.

The drinks are strong and not amazing but they will get you hammered. There was also live art being done by the dj booth when I was there which was mesmerizing.

The crowd is mixed, not too young not too old and there is a good guy to girl ratio, it was fairly even. I will definitely go here again.
I was at the pool hall next door but you can walk freely between the establishments. What first caught my eye was this bunny (blond w nice body, bunny ears and tail) lackadaisically strolling into Gypsy - I saw that there was a plethora or said bunnies in there, and I tried to figure out if this was a club, a bar or a playground for adults. I still do not have the answer. 

It was late, and I was too tired to spelunk down this rabbit hole of intrigue and folly. Maybe I should have followed Alice's example, because unquestionably and with certain I would have found a strange beverage down there that would have pleaded "drink me", and I would have foolishly complied. 

I will have to put together an expedition and explore this oddity in the heart of downtown Phoenix.
So I went to this place for the reviews but was disappointed when I actually went. The music was okay, Latin inspired and the decor was nice, good use of lights but it doesn't feel like a separate establishment from Luck Strike - that's because it's not, it's a part of Lucky Strike. There's a nice arcade and there are dancers in shadow boxes, the drinks were cheap and good too. The crowd was light, and there were couches surrounding the dance floor, which was large! Overall, it felt like an addition to Lucky Strike, not a separate club. It's a place to bring a date, go out with friends or go after a game of bowling.
And I love the Gypsy Bar.  You can play arcade games, and go next door to go bowling too!  They also, as i found last week have a photo booth.  Yayskies.  The drinks are reasonably priced, and every time Ive gone, mostly Saturdays for Peep Me XOXO, the music is freaking awesome. AND there is live painting by a variety of artists weekly, I myself have painted there on occasion.  Super cool setup, very respectful of their talent. Go have a good time!
We had so much fun there last night!  Now granted it was the Saturday before Halloween so I don't know if the crowd was the normal size and mix but we had such a great time.  There were 21 year olds up to 50 southings there for a good mix.  I can't stand it when a bar is full of the barely legal crowd.  The drinks were yummy and the bartenders were FABULOUS!  Even when I couldn't spit out what I wanted they were patient and friendly.  We danced and drank for hours and will definitely be back.
I went here for the first time on Saturday and I didn't like it. The place just does not have a good vibe. Staff members I encountered were nice and the performers were fun to watch, but other than that, this place feels like where dreams go to die. Maybe I don't understand the appeal. You also have to walk thru a crowd of smokers to get in or out.
Downtown Phoenix bar.  Old Town Scottsdale prices.  I guess that's Gypsy Bar's way of making up for not charging a cover but still validating parking.

It's half dance club, half arcade.  There's hot girls dancing on little stages and people randomly drawing artwork as well, but somehow this place has no personality.  If you're looking for a spot with a nightclub feel that's in the middle of a part of town that has a weak nightlife, you'll probably have a better time than I did.
Heres a geography lesson for the management at Gypsy Bar. Sam Adams is brewed in Massachusets, Kilt Lifter is brewed in Arizona, this means that these beers are in fact DOMESTIC.(refer to dictionary for definition of domestic) 

So if you advertise a happy hour price for domestic drafts I have a problem with you charging me the price for an import draft. ESPECIALLY when you disclose that your ringing up my domestically brewed draft as an "import" after ive already ordered four of them. Yes, this happened. I chose not to make issue of it because it was only a $1 difference but i was turned off by this. If your running a business you need to be clear about what your charging people. 

Gypsie bar has an arcade, a very small arcade. I did not find any games i was compelled to play. As far as the mixed drinks go, they are basic and the pricing is not competitive with other places in the area that actually offer craft drinks at the same price. with all the options downtown i dont really see a reason to re visit this place. It seems like a corporate idea to expand lucky strickes revenue rather than an attempt to add a quality offereing to the area.
For my first time in Arizona this place was great good music, live artist and fire dancers good overall atmosphere it could have been better if the bar service was not so BAD. I waited about 20 minutes for a drink the bartenders kept walking pass me and my group Not Nice. BAR SERVICE WORST EVER!!!
Thank you awesome service. This is a great spot to start out your night. Awesome food and prices
Great happy hour with good food and awesome service! Great way to start a night downtown!!
This memorial day weekend, let's take some time to remember great American pastimes. Baseball. Apple pie. And of course, getting sloshed at bowling alleys when you swore you'd actually bowl this time. If you're a conceited prick like me, you'll understand Brunswick is full of old people and has that trailer-park vibe. AMF is too young, and riddled with underage patrons taking shots in the parking lot (I know from experience). Like an ageist Goldilocks, I declare Gypsy Bar to have a crowd that's "just right". 

These cocktails are expensive AF ($11), but most of them are made with top shelf liquor. I went with "The Goose" that had Grey Goose (duh), Grapefruit, and some other stuff I can't pronounce or care about because the first two ingredients make everything good. Skip that Tullamore Dew swill and a couple of other concoctions of plebeian swill, and you'll be just fine.

Too bad it took forever to get it out. Like, 20 minutes to order a drink, get it, and pay for it. Unacceptable, considering half the tables and a good portion of bar seating was empty. 

There's so much atmosphere to enjoy, but no one is really indulging in it. There's a DJ in a very exquisite segment of the lounge, and no one was dancing, even though so many people were dressed as if they wanted to. On my way out, I had fun in the arcade, which is small, but has all the essential multiplayer games that make for fun nights out with friends. I like. 

Overall, this place has some kinks to work out. "Come here on Saturday!" is what I keep hearing from my friends, but no way in hell should any bar in this neck of the woods only have one good day a week. For now, I'm a-ok with any establishment combining good drinks, good seating, and video games.
I came with a group of friends from out of town. We went to the bar twice, once for happy hour and once on our last night in town. They had a great karaoke set up and great drinks. We all had a great time and danced the night away. They also had an arcade. We didn't play any of the games but it was cool to see in a bar.
The place is dead and life less and has horrible music (it even had commercials in it!). You have to track down the employees to get service. The hookah they gave us had used coals and wasn't working. We explained to the waitress that we did not feel we should have to pay for the hookah because we had to wait forever to get it and it had coals that were already burned...she said we still have to pay. It's very over priced, they have horrible customer service, and I will never go back there!!!!
What? I can't see where I'm going. Its all black in there. But they do have cheap drinks and hookah worth your money. It lasts long enough for 3-4 people. 

Its raging on a weekend with questionable customers who probably got in with a fake ID. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot. Haha.
The best hookah lounge I've ever been, Monday 2 Monday, from best hookah 2 affordable drinks and best music......definitely place 2 check out on a Vegas trip!!! I can't imagine anybody saying bad cuz customer service is # 1 @ myxx
Open on time and have a dedicated line for your customers to call. Is that too much to ask. I go there 2 hours after the are supposed to be open and they are still closed. So I call the number listed and its some guys cell phone and he doesn't even answer with the name of the place. Just a "yeah" Not dependable with questionable service so can't recommend it.
So I finally got the chance to check this place out and I was pleasantly surprised! 
For whatever reason they don't post regular hours, calling the lounge is pretty useless as well. 

Interestingly, they have a 10pm-12am happy hour 7 days a week. Happy hour on a Saturday night? Leggo. The hookahs are about $17 regular price (HH: $10) and they all come with a ice tip (for free!) In addition, it seems that if you are a lady and you come in during happy hour you get a free glass of moscato! yay!

We ordered the Myxx mix which was great - very minty mix that lasted for a good 45min-1 hour. The lounge itself is pretty big, complete with a full bar and has a nice dance/nightclub vibe to it. We stopped by on a Tuesday around 1am and it was surprisingly busy. Definitely family run, and most of the customers seemed to be regulars. They serve food though we didn't get a chance to try. Overall it was a pretty good experience, check it out if you are in the Chinatown area.
I came here a couple times to kick it with some friends. The Hookah might seem expensive, but you can definitely hang there for a good 2-3 hours for 20 bucks. The booths are intimate and ample. Drinks are reasonable and the food is okay. They have a DJ spinning pretty good hip-hop/ethnic music. Bathrooms are clean enough, but I wouldn't recommend eating off the floors.
水パイプタバコの吸えるバーですリラックスできる雰囲気です。
イベントも豊富にしているみたいです
Decent place, not too crowded. Excellent service, smooth hookah (myxx special). Two cocktails plus hookah $24 which isn't bad. Free pour drinks, very happy and nice staff. I will be back.
Love this place,  nice music,  lovely people,  and real good hookah .. Try the watermelon vanilla if you like light flavors
Decent place but was disappointed. Expected belly dancers and Arabic music...Crowd was also very less...Hookah was ok not great...