I'm a big fan of FIB'S - Fine Italian Beef.  The food is great and the cart brings back memories of time spent in Chicago.  The meatball sub is the best I've ever had and a fellow worker, who's a professed chili hot dog expert says that FIB'S chili dog is the best she's had.

I recently found out that the owner of the cart donates to local homeless shelters quite often.  Wonderful !
Very beautiful area with 8+ food trucks during the lunch rush and lots of benches to enjoy your food on! Surrounded by lovely gothic architecture to look at and tall trees providing shade....it can be a really serene place to relax. Of course sometimes there are events going on here and a random hardcore religious advocate shouting at the crowd.
La Frontera is the surprise find of the decade for me. In a city full of street side taco trucks, you'd never think that one would be so tremendous, but there is a reason La Frontera's truck is in the same place every day of the year. It's un-flipping-believably good. 

Upon first inspection, La Frontera is a mangled parking lot full of haphazardly parked cars, a few bums walking by every now and then, and a lot of neighborhood folks. The unassuming "restaurant" is made up of folding tables and chairs, a blue tarp as a sunscreen, and a truck full of awesomeness. The menu has all the Sonoran Mexican favorites like tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas, and chicharonnes. One will order at the counter using as much broken Spanish as possible, while the employee uses as much broken English as possible. Eventually you will find a medium, and you'll complete your order of amazing. When your number is called in Spanish, you'll get your order along with the typical limes, radishes, cucumbers, and salsas. Upon request, they have grilled jalapenos available at no charge. 

The food here is truly fantastic. The tortillas they use are fresh, homemade, gooey flour tortillas. Their meat is grilled to perfection and marinated exquisitely, which is something you very rarely find in a Mexican street food shop. My pick is the Burrito de Carne Asada, a large flour tortilla teeming with hot grilled beef, beans, salsa rojo, onions, and a bit of cilantro. If you're a taco lover, you'll love the barbacoa beef tacos, a Mexican style BBQ meat with an almost briny, indescribible taste. Wash your meal down with one of their many bottled Mexican sodas, and consider yourself lucky that you got to try one of the finest examples of Mexican street food in the state. I'm so spoiled now and hold just about every burrito in town to this standard... which has led to many disappointments.

Be forewarned that La Frontera is cash only, and basic knowledge of Spanish is recommended, though not necessary. Just remember these phrases and you'll be good "Burrito de carne asada, con todo" "para llevar" "es todo" and remember your number. You'll never desire any other burrito from America's again, they just don't hold a candle to La Frontera, especially at twice the price.
This is an amazing taco truck just minutes from the airport. I ordered the amazing ceviche and a barbacoa burrito, while my girlfriend ordered three tacos. I've said it before and I'll say it again here: this truck is an excellent example of the inverse correlation between price and taste in Mexican food. Eat here before your next flight!
I was visiting on business from Wisconsin and met up with my wifes uncle John from California and we went hunting for authentic Mexican food. 
At first I yelped a place in the ghetto that was closed up, prostitutes and drug dealers on every corner. 
As we were driving back toward safety, I saw this truck under bright lights with a tarp and make shift tables underneath with people sitting and eating. I didn't care if we got mugged, I was hungry and there were plenty of witnesses. Neither of us speak Spanish, but the old dude in the truck spoke just enough to take our order and money. I had a ham and avocado quesadilla and Uncle John had  a carne asada burrito. His stuff looked so good I decided to try that too. It was a little bit-o-awesome. 
And they have this avocado sauce that was so smooth creamy and good. You would be a total moron not to eat here if you are in the 'hood.
It sits near the corner of VanBuren and 16th St.
The best fast food Mexican I have had in town, complete with super cold Mexican sodas on ice.
I had a barbacoa, lengua, tripita and chicharon taco.  2 hours later and I am still full, and haven't made a made clenching dash to the bathroom yet, so I'd say it was a good meal.  The chicharon was delicious, like a taco full of bacon!!!
After hearing about La Fontera for years I decided to give this place a try today for lunch since I don't work to far from it and it was tolerable to sit outside for a change. 

While I pulled up there was the food truck then a blue tarp with 5 tables under it for shade. I went about 11:45 to beat the lunch hour rush and I'm glad I did. While all tables were full I asked a guy if I could share his table of 4 since it was only him and he was perfectly fine with that. 

The menu wasn't huge but what they had was perfect. Burritos, tacos, tostadas and a few other things. I did notice that nothing was over $4. They had about 6 different main items (meat, chicken, etc...) for anything you ordered. I had the Barbacoa Beef Burrito (beef, beans, rice, cabbage, cheese). When it arrived it was HUGE! it came with a side of limes, peppers and cucumbers (yummy). This thing had to weigh over a pound! Soooo I thought, great it's wrapped in foil so what I don't eat I'll take home for dinner...WRONG! I ate the entire thing! The tortilla was awesome and so fresh too (huge bonus for sure as I love homemade tortillas). 

They have two sauces you can put on anything as well as the bottles are on each table. One is a red sauce in which I didn't try but the green creamy sauce I did and it was awesome! I put it on each bite. Needless to say I won't be even slightly hungry for dinner tonight!!! 

This is one of the best burritos I've had in a very long time so I will for sure be back soon! Especially since it's going to start cooling off her (hopefully....).
Without a doubt the best carne asada tacos in all of Phoenix! Enough said.
Perfect street tacos. I couldn't stop ordering them.

The carnitas, el pastor, and carne asada tacos were awesome, tender and crispy.

Pretty easy to find and I had no problem conversing in English (although I chose to practice the small amount of Spanish I know).

Totally worth the drive.
street tacos done good!
(from a food truck)
Looking for a romantic, cozy place to take your date on Saturday night? If so, this is certainly NOT the place for it. However, if you want to practice your Spanish skills and eat awesome food from a truck parked on a busy road, this is your spot!

I had two tacos: carne asada and al pastor. Both were excellent. I also had a vampiro with carnitas...kind of like a tostada. The meat is really juicy and tender. All of it tastes like it has been marinating for a good amount of time.

I've spent a fair amount of time in Mexico and this made me feel like I was a back there. To my right, a woman selling bootleg DVDs. To my left, Spanish-speaking families drinking soda out of glass bottles. Not the best area of town and to be honest, it smells a little funny...but if that doesn't put you off go check it out!
So we were looking for some good old Mexican food on a Sunday night of  study overload, and were disappointed. We saw on Yelp that it was rated 4.5/5 stars...what a waste!!

My friend had two tacos de cabeza and two tacos de lengua and she said that it was mediocre and not surprised at all. I had the chicken quesadilla and wasn't pleased very much either. I asked for everything on it and let's just say they're VERY VERY onion happy. In hopes that the horchata would make up for the lack of taste in food, we were AGAIN let down. It was watered down.
Great Mexican street food! Well ok I should say great burritos because to date that is all we have had here, they are addictive.
I order the shrimp burrito with no beans and I ask for cabbage, they are freaking incredible, the shrimp burritos are more expensive at $8 but are worth every penny.  My husband orders the beef burrito with no beans.
No there is no rice, sour cream or cheese in these burritos, if you want that go to your local crappy chain Tex Mex fast food joint.

My husband speaks Spanish, but I'm sure you are fine ordering in english.
Best street tacos in Phoenix... that i am aware of. If you are looking for good tasting real Mexican tacos, this is the place to go. nothing fancy just great food.
I've been looking for authentic mexican street tacos for five years, and by Lordy-Mae I've found em'! I'm originally from Mexico and like any Mexican will tell "My city San Luis, Sonora has THE BEST tacos in all of Mexico" . It's hard to replicate the flavor or the (sazon) but La Frontera has certainly succeeded. Well done La Frontera, well done.
The tacos I had here - chicharron, carnitas, pollo, and carne asada - were really good and so inexpensive. They were very well-seasoned, with a little bit of spicy kick; If you want more heat, the tables have plastic bottles of red and green salsas. This is beyond hole-in-the-wall, though: La Frontera consists of two trucks, each with a blue tarp and dining tables and chairs beside it. Both are kind of permanently stationed in a lot on 16th Street near Van Buren, with a Watermill station in the middle of the lot. I got my tacos from the truck nearest the street; the other truck is for mariscos and Sonoran  hotdogs.
Stopped by for lunch on our way from the airport and was very pleased to find some great street tacos. I had lengua tacos and my coworker had carnitas. Both were delicious and the salsa was a nice topper. For the soda drinkers out there, they have Mexican Coke! The one with real cane sugar! Only disappointment is that I've been traveling to Phoenix for work for over two years and only just now found this place.
Freshly made authentic mexican food, open late. Near the airport. First stop after landing at PHX at 10pm. Ordered three tacos (carne asada, al pastor, and chicken). Each order gives you two tacos, so I had a total of six. Green sauce, red sauce, lime, and cucumbers came with the tacos. They call out the number in spanish, but luckily counting in spanish isn't that hard. I got the horchata but it wasn't well mixed and was powdery at the bottom. Take it to go or eat at the picnic tables. Saw a bunch of Mexican families there during my visit.
Came upon this place after me and the hubby didn't want to end our night with Filibertos or any other fast food chain. Yelp to the rescue! Saw that they had good reviews so we decided to check it out, and glad we did! The tacos were a good size, the price was right and the flavor was there. Unlike other taco places I've tried since moving here, this one reminded me of the taquerias in San Francisco.  also my husband liked the tacos which is saying a lot because he's picky with the foods he would actually admit to liking.

Will definitely be coming back here again! :)
Not a bad place to go for cheap Mexican food.  Started coming here last year.  It would be good if you order in Spanish, but English would do just fine.  Great place to be at after a long night of drinking too.  This isn't the safest area in the neighborhood, but the food is good, so I'm not complaining.
Hand made tortillas, mexican coke bottles, best tacos in Arizona. Do I need to say more?
Searching for food near Carolina's which was closed. Saw a line and a group of people eating and thought that must be a good sign. IT WAS GREAT! Had carnitas tacos that are amazingly delicious, chili verde burrito with papas is carnitas with green chilis-yum, the the chorizo torta with fresh avocado and grilled jalapeños - awesome. Very impressed. Great tortillas too.
I've eaten here over 40 times. I love the carnitas burrito and it's sort of my go to. This place is very consistent and I've never had a bad burrito. Their red sauce and green guacamole sauce are very good. I love the food, but the neighborhood can be a little dicey. I just wish they were closer to my house.
Thought I'd try this place out after seeing all the hype on yelp =) 
.. Came to the conclusion that they are just OKAY.. Not the best. There are much better taco trucks out here. 2 stars for their decent closing hours, place to get food when you have NO OTHER OPTIONS. Either way, if it came down to that I would rather eat juliobertos or Albertos (Etc)
I would always here my sister talk about going to the frontera and never asked her what it was....so finally my friends called me up and told me they were picking me up and taking me there...the food was great!!! I ate so much I went into a food coma
I have been eating for YEARS, this had always been the taco spot for me but last night was probably the last! My kids got sick the last two times they ate here and this time my whole family did, including myself which i gotta say, i have a pretty tolerant stomach,,,, tacos ARE good tasting, everything on the menu is, and no, they don't have rice and beans because at a taco stand (a normal one) they usually don't have that,,, anywho if your stomach is up for the russian rullette  (risk getting sick) i say go for it, it might be worth it
I waited until eating here several times and trying different things on the menu before writing my review. Overall, I've been pretty unimpressed with Phoenix Mexican food since moving here.  Turns out La Frontera serves up what I consider to be the real deal. I'm surprised there's not more competition (send me suggestions!). 

Hands down, the shrimp taco from the seafood side is my favorite. Perfectly fried and comes with a nice sauce. I'd pass on the ceviche...I'm not a fan of the tomato juice they mix it with. From the meat side, I like pretty much everything but tripitas, cabeza, and lengua are my favorites. I usually get a mixed plate of tacos and for some reason, they always seem to mess up just one of my taco meats. Other than that complaint, prices and hours are great.
I arrived in Phoenix at around 9pm for a business trip, checked into my hotel, then realized I was hungry and everything around me was closed.

I pulled up yelp and looked for some cheap latenight eats, and found this place.

Getting to it is a bit of a pain if you aren't local as the roads are split by their light-rail system, even when they are one way, so being on the wrong side of the tracks, means you can't turn to get here.

I wasnt sure what to expect when I pulled up, but what I found was pretty awesome. Standing alone in the middle of a parking lot, at midnight, was La Frontera. A jack in the box around the corner seemed to be the only place open other than this, that I could see. But here I was, with literally 20+ other people in the middle of the night, getting some awesome food.

The selection is pretty standard. Tacos, Burritos, Tacos, etc. with your choice of the normal meats (Asada, Pork Verde, Chorizo, etc. The staff primarily speak Spanish, but  it wasnt an issue to order, Although they did call my number in Spanish, so I could see that getting confusing if you don't know Spanish)

The food was FANTASTIC. Best Carne Aasda and Chorizo I have had in a long time. Fresh toritllas, great tasting meat, good fillings, a good size, and cheap. Tonights  my last night and I am going to try and make it over again before I leave Arizona, as it was that good.
On my trip to Phoenix, I set out to find something local and unique to the tune of cow head and tongue tacos and a Sonoran hot dog from a taco truck. From what I can tell, La Frontera is one of the only places you can get a Sonoran hot dog during the day. Most of them are parked later in the day, ready for bar goers. The funny thing was is that there were actually two trucks on site, and only one of them served the dogs so I ended up at both. 

Chicago has its celery salt and pickles, and New York has its sauerkraut and mustard, but in Phoenix, they've got Sonoran dogs. Hot dogs are never my go to food but this combination is BOMB. The Sonoran-style hot dog, found also in Tucson and in neighboring Sonora, Mexico, is a hot dog wrapped in mesquite-smoked bacon then cooked on a grill then topped with beans, grilled onions, fresh onions, tomatoes, mayonnaise, cream sauce, mustard and Jalapeno salsa or sauce and served on bread and often with a side fresh-roasted chili. It originated in Hermosillo, the capital of Sonora.

I also ordered a cow head (brain) and cow tongue taco. I'd had cow tongue as a youngster so I wasn't too surprised but the meat of both was mushier than I'd like. I'm also not a huge fan of the corn tortillas but the cilantro and cucumbers were refreshing.

I felt a little out of place here.  Everyone else was Mexican and non-English speaking but we managed.  Despite the language barrier, I got what I wanted and he even knew I didn't know where to get the Mexican coke I ordered so he stepped out of the truck to show me the ice chest along the front.  I thought that was pretty nice.

Cash only! SUPER cheap.
The best carne asada burritos in town!!
they actually have the best burritos I ever tasted in my life.
You want real Mexican food.. go there!!

Thanks to my Mexican friends for introducing this hidden gem to me!

OK hear this.. this place is so good I took a friend visiting from DC to it and he liked it so much a year later I was going on a trip to DC he called me asking me to bring 6 carne asada burritos with me and I did!!
bought them, froze them overnight, took 'em with me to DC and he couldn't be happier!! TRUE STORY lol
Orale!  This place is GREAT!  Ask the cab/UBER/Lyft driver to swing by this joint late night, after the bar...PERFECT drunky-pants food :)
This is a Taco Truck right next to the Meat Shop on Buckeye Rd in Phoenix (address approximate). The Tacos al Pastor are a must try. Homemade, handmade tortillas. Fabulous pastor. excellent carne asada.
Was in the area and needed a place to eat before dropping off my rental and decided to stop off at Tacos La Hacienda. 

Not much can be said about Tacos La Hacienda except that it's a converted lunch truck made into a "restaurant" with some patio furniture, a tarp to provide shade, and an old TV playing Univision. 

Tacos La Hacienda has all the items you would expect from a lunch truck - tacos, burritos, toratas, etc. Most items here are $5 and under and it seems like a popular spot as many people where parked here having a late lunch/early dinner. 

Looking over the menu - decided to get the chicken torta. The food took about 10 minutes but when I got it - was worth the wait. The torta was stacked with freshly grilled chicken and lettuce with a nice sauce to eat. They also grilled the bun and must have put butter on it as it gave a nice crispy buttery taste to the sandwich. The also had some house made sauce on the table that had a nice little bit to it and added a good amount of flavor. It was an excellent torta. 

As to ratings - it's a good cheap eats spot. Nothing worth driving to - but something worth considering if you're in the area. More like a 3.5 rating but wouldn't object to eating here again - so rounding up to a 5 star rating for Tacos La Hacienda.
The search for awesome tacos led us here. The appearance may be unappealing, so you MUST overlook that. It is simply a food truck in an empty lot, with some tables with benches under blue tarp for shade. The truck is painted with "Taqueria La Hacienda," located just east of the ally next to The Meat Shop at 2nd St. The tacos come with your choice of meat, plus onions & cilantro. Everything is chopped tiny, which is a plus for me. They have guacamole, red, and green sauces in squeeze bottles. Didn't try the green, but the red and guac are both good. The al pastor is the BEST I've ever had. It was so crispy and delicious! I wish I had a burrito full of it! The asada was also good, as well as the lengua according to my husband. The drink selection was okay: regular Coke cans, bottled water, Mexican bottled Coke (YUM!), and a few different bottled Jarritos. According to their menu, they have breakfast items as well. They are there Monday-Thursday 8am only until about 12pm/1pm, but weekends stay late into the night (2am-ish I think). This is definitely the place to hit up after partying on Fri/Sat nights and well worth the drive from the north valley!
These are tasty tacos. pastor and cucumbers tacos are very good to eat. Yummy. Carne asada is second best. but if you bring your own beer (be discrete) you won't care about which is best. 

ps. What do you call Mexican food while in Mexico? ... Food!
I've been visiting this place since it opened on 1st st near check cashers before it moved to it's current location.

This is THE roach coach we visit most often when a craving for a burrito hits and Filibertos is not enough!  The carne asada is always grilled with a great char flavor, I usually get the carne asada burrito or tacos although I"ve also tried the torta.  Other items I've tried and liked greenchile/cheese burrito and chorizo breakfast burrito.  My kid also likes their shrimp ceviche tostada.  All the items I've tried have been satisfying.

If you visit this place don't get turned off if someone comes by asking for money.....Once in a while they will have homemade horchata and that's not bad either.  Love their bottled sodas and the prices are very decent for the flavor and load of food you're given.  

Since it's outside it's super hot in the summer, so be warned to take it home or buy some very ice soda to sip on while enjoying your meal!
Nothing says late night good eats like a taco stand.  i would feel somewhat defeated if I were to return home without the satisfying feeling of having had a good meal.  i am not referring to a greasy mess of available at a local college hangout or a dingy drive-thru.  I am talking about some well priced, made-with-care food.  Tacos La Hacienda provides this.  Nothing but outdoor seating, so I don't know if I would show up in the winter time, but when the weather is warm and inviting, this is a certain destination for me.  I opted for the tacos, carne asada, lengua, and chicken, with everything of course.  I was so close to ordering the breakfast items, which are available all day.  But I was quite happy with my selection.  Good amount of meat and pico de gallo stuffed in.  Bottles of guac and savory hot sauce are available when dining in, in as in outside.
This is THE BEST place to get authentic Mexican style street tacos.  The tacos Al Pastor are amazing.  There are many other restaurants in the valley that are nicer and have good mexican food.  There is no place that has a better street taco.  Totally worth sitting outside when it is 100+ degrees.
Love, love, love this place. Food is great, price is right, decor is as street food as it gets. Order whatever you feel like: it will be good!
Best Mexican carne asada quesadillas I have had in Phoenix. This place is cheap, the people are nice... well that is all you need I guess! Not sure if they even take cards, the food here is just super authentic.
The problem with this food truck? It just 5 minutes away from my house! My husband and I tried this spot after a Chow-Bella article named it one of their to ten taco places in Metro Phoenix. 

It's quick, cheap, and seriously tasty!  We tried the asada tacos and pastor tacos. Both are delicious ( and surprisingly filling), but pastor was my favorite! Also on the menu are vampiro tacos. That's right, the local to AZ and Mexico specialty...vampire tacos! I have no idea what this means, but I will be returning to try them.

Now, to go try the other tacos on that list.
Delicious tacos, normally fast service except on Sundays. Wait was too long for starving church go-ers. Overall good spot if you can get past the gang of chihuahuas that lerk at the kwik-e-wash next door. Plus side, if you take your date there on the weekend you can score a bootlegged dvd to watch at home. In all seriousness, really good authentic food at a good deal. Cash only.
This place saved my life. The boyfriend and I were wasted, lost, and starving downtown when this place shined like a beacon out of the darkness. I had the chile relleno burrito and he had 4 carne asada tacos with a coke and our total was only 11 bucks. Seriously the food is amazing, and I will venture back soon.
A hidden gem definitely worth the trip from Scottsdale. Can't find any better or more authentic Mexican food, promise.
FINALLY!!! Hitting the streets of Las #Vegas the 1st gourmet @SliderTruck. I took part in their soft-opening event at the park on W Flamingo/Buffalo last Saturday from 11-2. What a great start!!

When I arrived shortly after 11 there was already a good size crowd gathered and things were in full swing. Chuy and Ricardo the operators of the truck were real friendly and very personable welcoming everyone to try some of Las Vegas' Gourmet street food.

There was a limited menu to keep it simple for the event and all items were ONLY $1 each so I ordered one of each:) Pancakes in Blueberry sauce-A Captains Order Slider and a Monte Cristo.

The sliders were FANTASTIC!!! I wanted to make sure everyone got to try some or I would have went back for another half dozen "Captain's Order" Sliders!! :)

The pancakes were great too, what I got to try the kid snatched them and ran off to scraf them down;)

I really enjoy street food and hope to see the @SliderTruck succeed maybe even encourage a couple more trucks soon ;)

 I've already passed out 200 flyers in my neighborhood to get people out to try the @SliderTruck this Thursday 3/25 11-12pm. Come join us at 3100 W Sahara just 1 block West of Palace Station!!
I caught up with the Slidin' Thru Slider Truck today at the park near Flamingo & Buffalo.  They had a "tasting menu" going (none of the items on the regular menu were available):

1.  Kalbi rib slider
2.  Beef & cheddar slider
3.  Mac & cheese slider

Unfortunately, the Mac & cheese had already sold out by the time I got there (around 1pm).  I ended up with two of each the others, at $3/per.  I've posted some cell-phone pics of my order for everybody to check out.

The Kalbi Rib slider was served on a lightly grilled bun about 2.5-to-3 inches in diameter.  The boneless beef rib had been prepared in a shoyu/garlic/ginger marinade (nice!) and topped with some grilled cabbage which gave some crunchy texture contrast.  The protein was a bit toothsome, but nothing that would turn you off... actually  I remember thinking that the substantial bun was well-paired with the chosen internals.  Overall, I was digging the Kalbi sliders...  I wonder now if a -tiny- bit of mayonaisse could have been added to the bun.  Mayo would have definitely made the flavor profile more reminiscent of the teri-beef burgers you get at local drive-ins in Hawaii. 

Now for the Beef & Cheddar slider:  A person who likes fresh colors and contrasting textures might find this slider too one-dimensional.  Before I picked it up, I was expecting it to be a greasy slog, but instead I was pleasantly surprised at how well the buttery croissant had held it's saucy fill.  The beef was something like you'd find in a traditional philly steak, thin-cut, chopped, lean and well-done.  It had been topped with what I'm guessing was the bechamel cheese sauce from the sold-out mac & cheese slider.  The sauce was rich!  After two of these bad boys I was feeling _HEAVY_.  All items at the Slider Truck are made to order, and that's a good thing because any more than the few minutes between pick-up and consumption would turn the Beef & Cheddar slider into a funky, soggy mess.

I'm going to give three stars today, because my order was fresh and flavorful.  I'd like to revisit the Slider Truck when it's serving up it's full menu, plus a couple tasting items.  There's definitely some big-time potential here, but for $3 per item, I think they owe it to their patrons not to hold anything back.

Cash only.
Are you freakin Kidding me.. A truck that serves sliders, yep it's true. I stopped by first Friday yesterday to check out some art and local goods. 

As we are walking up after parking we both said, " man something smells ridiculously delicious".  "POW" like an action bubble in the old school batman show the slider truck was in our faces. The stage had been set by recommendations so I had no choice but to get down on a few sliders. 

I ordered 2 pep pep sliders. Now just let me say, I am a big fan of sauces to add a little zing to things. But these sliders came with meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and sauteed onions, with a small amount of super sauce.  

This is one of the only burgers I have had that I can honestly say could have been done without any sauce whatsoever. Everything was delicious, the meat was perfectly cooked and juicy.  I am still having trouble believing I had 2 small masterpieces out of the side of a truck. 

The comic reference is very fitting because it really was a huge "POW"  with every bite. 

I recommend tailgating this truck until it stops and get yourself some grub.
Pretty.damn.good! I have to give the owner props . He's young, he's bold, and he's got a fun, quirky concept that I think will appeal to the masses !

Pep Pep - Basically a mini perfect bacon cheeseburger. I've eaten many a slider in my day, but I really loved this for the crazy amount of components (veggies, bacon, cheese, AND sauce all on a slider? SWEET).

Caprese -Could have used a little more balsamic and the wheat bread wasn't as yummy as the white bread. Overall decent. 

Kalbi - YUM. Creative and tasty. Tons of meat and quite the flavor. The pieces we were served weren't chewy at all (at least for kalbi, that is)

Why only 4 stars? $3 for a tiny sandwich out of a truck I need to eat in a freaking parking lot is pricey no matter how gourmet these sliders are. Considering most people need to buy them in sets of at least 2, I'd love to see him offer a 2/$5 type of pricing structure.  I could see guys needing 3 of these to fill up, and $9 for a meal out of a truck (with no sides or drink mind you!) is a little hard to swallow. 

Overall creative, fun, and yummy. I love it ! Can't wait to try some of the other flavors. In case the owners are reading this - I'd also love to see the flavors of the day added to their social network feeds. It would be nice to know what the choices are before leaving home!
These sliders are awesome!  The owner, Ric, is super cool and remembers you the next time you come.  At least, that's what happened with me.  Got sliders, went back a couple of weeks later, and he remembered me.  I'm hooked for life.  I try to make it out every other week or so, and the great part about the truck is that they're always on the move all over Vegas, so you never have to go too far to grab some sliders if you plan for it.  Make sure you follow them on Twitter for great promotions!
Another great place I've discovered as a result of my fellow Yelpers. 

After just finding out about the Koji Korean BBQ taco trucks in the Southern California area, I was pleased to find out high quality street food has found its way to Las Vegas, this time, in the form of succulent mini, square shaped burgers. 

As me and my co-worker pulled up to the truck, posted in the West-side Yogurtland plaza, we were surprised to see about 10-15 people standing and waiting for their orders, as it was relatively late in the evening. I ordered the Captains Order, Pep Pep and the Pulled Pork sliders. I was looking forward to trying the Kalbi sliders, but they were sold out. Bummer, next time. After putting in my order, the cook/owner turned to me and asked how we had heard about them, to which I replied "Yelp.com". He then stopped his burger flipping, walked over, shouted "YEAAHHHH! YELLLPPERSSSS!" and gave me a fist bump." How awesome is that? 

Now granted we came about 30 minutes before they were closing up, the food took a bit long, as they were backed up and actually ran out of some supplies (Probably a good sign!), but kept up updated on the status of the food and was sincere with their apologies. 

When I got my food, I anxiously devoured them up and I can say they are damn good. First thing I noticed off the bat was the freshness of the ingredients, specifically the meat. Big, thick piece of Angus beef in each slider, with an interesting foray of vegetables and dressings. I didn't really see anything on the menu other than about a choice of 6-7 sliders, not even hot prepared sides, which I do wish they had. Not having some sort of fried potato leaves me with an empty feeling, although they did have chips for sale. 

Overall, I love the concept, the quality and freshness of the ingredients and the boldness of these trendy entrepreneurs, I really would like to see them succeed. Add some more sides!
An all-around awesome truck and great idea. The sliders are quite tasty! Lots of flavor and quality ingredients. Met up with the truck last night with a friend at the Flamingo and 215 Yogurtland. They advertised on Twitter that the first 30 customers would get a coupon for free yogurt at Yogurtland... so naturally I was there early.. gotta have coups! 
From the start the truck is pretty cool, colorful and easy to understand the menu and how things work. Small selection of chips, candy and drinks as well as a menu of 6 different sliders. Prices are 1 for $3, 2 for $5, 3 for $7. A great deal at 3 for $7! To start we ordered 2 for $5 to try it out. I got the pep-pep and my friend got another one. There was a few people ahead of us and they cook to order so it took a few minutes but the wait was worth it. The burgers are fresh and delicious. We enjoyed so much we went up and got 3 more. I tried the Porkie and the BBQ one can't remember the name. The pulled pork was very good and very flavorful. There were photographers taking pictures for different magazines and papers including City Life which we may get a picture in! The staff was all very nice and very grateful for the business. They had a nice little crowd of people and steady flow. The girl that took the orders was very friendly and helpful. Looking forward to another visit to these guys soon.
Oh, and they have Mexican Cokes in their cooler! Definately a huge plus! Don't drink soda much anymore but couldn't resist.
They came thru on the promise for free yogurt as well. We received a coupon with each order for a free 5 oz yogurt at Yogurtland (check for my Yogurtland review next). But sliders and yogurt, a great combination. Hope they do that more often! Definately looking forward to another visit to the Slider Truck.

One downside it seems is that they have become so popular so fast that they run out of food pretty early on occassion. Last night when I got home I saw on Twitter they were almost out and would be closing at 9 instead of the scheduled 11pm. Bummer if you were planning to go late.
Yay for trucks with good cheap food! Very reminiscent of the awesome taco trucks in California. I was quite sad when they only had a couple sliders left because they ran out of the others :( All the ingredients and simplicity of the sliders were amazing. The people running this cool truck were great. I will gladly be on the look out for them whenever I'm driving around town. I also look forward to trying everything on their menu.

This is a must-try! I guarantee you will be wanting more :D
I am a definite fan!  I have been following them on twitter for the past few days trying to find a convenient time/location to stop by and finally caught them tonight.  I tried everything on tonight's menu (pulled pork, barbi, pep pep, captains order, and one more that I can't remember).  i recommend the pulled pork, which is saying a lot because I don't tend to like pork sandwiches, but the jalapenos give it a must try kick.

I can't wait to try more!
So I read about the slider truck here and ended up driving across town last night to check it out.  Dude asked where we'd heard about the truck and when we said "Yelp," we got the "what's up Yelpers!" and the fist bump.

Ordered a "pep pep" and the pulled pork.  Wow, they make a good slider!  Sometimes when you order burgers at other places, all you can taste is the cheese or the bun or the meat, but not here.  There's a good balance of ingredients with these sliders that make for a really tasty overall experience.

Pricing is $3 for one, $5 for two, $7 for three. 

I like the truck's vibe and love the comic-style artwork on the truck.  Do yourself a favor and check this truck out!
Finally caught up with the truck on my last trip to town.  Super cool people & really yummy sliders (tried the Barbie & Captain's Order).
AND they get the 5th star for the kalbi slider.  nom nom x100.
that pulled pork man... with extra jalapenos....... weeeooohhhweeeee

my first time going to the truck they served two burgers on a small tray..... this time i got 4 burgers on a large tray, whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat??????!!!


really though, this is some good slider ackshun!
Came here with Angela and the BF for the slider truck/Retro Bakery Johnny Cupcakes thing. Retro weren't selling cupcakes but just handling Johnny. Disneyland line for shirts- no thanks.

Slider Truck did not disappoint so I did not mind that I didn't get my cupcake crack. 

Go the Barbie, Yaya, kalbi rib and the pulled pork. 

 The patty on the sliders are juicy and a bit pink the way I like em. Nice balance of flavors and ingredient portions. I particularly like the bun- it's more like a soft egg buns you get at Asian bakeries than typical burger buns.

BF and I liked the Barbie a lot. I liked the kalbi next- nice sweet yet savory marinade. It would be awesome if you can get it spicy style with some shredded kimchee on it. BF liked the Yaya as his second choice- it is fresh flavors in it with the feta and tzatziki. Pulled pork was good to me but BF felt it was a bit chewy- I liked the flavors though.

They got moved twice so bless em for handling their business with patience. I seriously had half a mind to be like- hey park at my house a few blocks away! I'll put this out there- we actually have parking lanes in our neighborhood for all the fans to park and my neighbors don't care if a truck is in my driveway. *hint, hint NW stop location* 

I saw a Monte Cristo on the site- I wish I could get one of those sometime! Definitely I'll drop in next time it's closer to my neck of the woods and can't wait til next week for some more Slidin Thru stalking.

Slider Truck is to Vegas is what Kogi truck did to LA- have the balls to be first, do their specialty well and handle the biznatch of the business of being mobile. I admire that definitely and wish this truck well. Hopefully one day Vegas can be as welcoming as LA is to the trucks. At the very least if the po-po and the cranky po-po calling businesses show no love, the peoples got lots of love to be patient and move where you go.
Haven't eaten here yet, as soon as a group of 5 of us walked up they were down to 1 slider. The guy working the truck insisted that we take some drinks or chips and sent us home with some coupons for free sliders. Wow, service like that doesn't really exist anymore. You know you have me hooked Slider Truck...

GO SLIDER TRUCK GO!!!  LIVE THE DREAM!!!
One word...pissed?
I was so excited to go to the Slider Truck today after work - I am in the neighborhood....so I decided to walk!  Yeah, it is cold and windy, but I thought it would be worth it!  I stood outside at the street corner in the cold crazy wind for 45 minutes, and Slider Truck did not show.  I walked all around the area, but no truck.
I just checked the web site, and it still says by UNLV 6-8, so maybe they have the wrong time zone?  Now I have no dinner, I am disappointed, and I have somewhere to be at 7.
I hate when there is so much hype and then such a let down!!  What ever happened to punctuality?  This thing only operates a few hours a day!
Sigh.

UPDATE: thanks for everyone who sent me negative messages because of this.  I do not have Internet on my phone nor do I have the ability to stare at twitter or facebook at work.  I checked the slidinthru.com web site's weekly schedule and it never changed so let me update the review when I actually try it!  THANKS!  I promise my review doesn't affect you.
LOVE THIS follow on twitter as well
Why are your burgers so good? Why!? Stella!!!

Like a lion stalking his gazelle, the hunt for your food is a joy in itself. I found my prey coyly hiding in the back of a parking lot. And the time was right, so I pounced at opportunity to savor the meat of victory!

None of this wimpy meat on a bun that I can inhale in one bite. These were true sliders and this is why the Slider Truck's cuisine reign supreme. I have to eat my sliders with two hands. Huge. I like how my hamburger meat is juicy, thick and pink in the middle. The toppings are discernable and tasty. The bacon is thick and smokey. And finally, $7 for three sliders is a steal.

So with a full belly, my clan will rest up until our hunger strike and the hunt is back on.
I just went down  to Frankie's Tiki Room where they had set up shop and order myself 3 sliders, I was beyond hyped. I drank a Dr. Pepper, which, for some reason caused mild hallucinations but I was pretty stoked on that. The rad thing is that now instead of charging 3 bucks a slider they have a different pricing system : 2 for 5 bucks or 3 for 7 bucks. All in all pretty sweet time had in the parking lot of Frankie's.
Not sure what the afterlife holds for me, but I do know that if I am a good little boy, the Slider Truck will be there waiting for me.

Man oh man, me oh my, this truck is the apple in my eye.

Before I left for the truck, I followed it on Twitter, expressed my desire to have my face, soul and hunger melted. They gave me a retweet shoutout within minutes. I appreciate that kind of love.

I had the Pep Pep, Pulled Pork and the Barbie. Effing amazing. The burgers were cooked to perfection. The accompanying ingredients were solid, but the best part is the guy that runs the truck.

He is so passionate about his business, engaging with every single person that comes up to the truck, and he truly LOVES what he does with his job. 

Being the only legit gourmet food truck in town, I feel inspired to bring meals on wheels. If only I had a plan....

In any case, worth the trip. And to my LA friends reading this...I'll put this up against any LA food truck. And yes, I've been there. Need I remind you all that I take credit for introducing Kogi to the friend circle.

I know my food. Enough of this review. Go. Eat. Now.
I'm sold, those little burgers are kick a$$
Thank you yelpers for this fantastic find.  Would never have experienced it without you guys. 

Cleanliness, great service, reasonable prices and portions, and of course, fantastic food.  

Burgers available: Barbie, Pep pep, and the pulled pork.  All awesome. My fav thus far is the Barbie: smokey BBQ angus beef with sizzling bacon, melted cheddar and bits of jalepenos. Yum yum yum.

Price: 1 for $3, 2 for $5 and 3 for $7.  All worth it.  

What makes this food spot so appealing as well are the "specials of the day". What new burger is going to be featured next?
Love these guys they came to feed the Yelp crew after the No Aids Walk. The Sliders were all they were advertised to be Pulled Pork knocked it out of the park. All I can say is come early come often and bring plenty of napkins. P.S. There is talk of homemade frites with spice coatings and shaker bags. Hope I'm not letting out any secrets.
UYE After AIDS Walk Party at Frankies Tiki with the truck Slidin' Thru. 

Had Barbie, Pep Pep and Pulled Pork only available. Ran out of pork by the time the BF showed up to grub with me. He didn't walk...he donated though because he felt bad. Sucker just got to do all the fun stuff. 

Barbie is my favorite. I eyed a Siracha hot sauce bottle in the truck so Ricardo hooked me up with some. MMMM....I just love the crispy onions on the bottom and the combo of that and bbq sauce and bacon and beef and cheesy goodness....EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!

First time having Pep Pep- I like that the sauce has a bit more "zing" that most joints pink special sauce giving its own flavor take on the "classic" burger. 

So nice, I went twice. 

Once with the BF with 2 sliders each. Then later, we got the whole family in on it with a cameo from mom-in-law and grandma who came to try out the sliders and I grabbed another one from their order. Another family winner! They enjoy when they get to try new things because of us, but they don't often repeat the spot on their own. They don't know what the hell Twitter is, but she said if I can tell them when its near them so they can go. That's success- momma and grandmom approved. 

Now onto the peeps of Sliding Thru...

Mom and G-Ma wanted to down their sliders in their car and head out so we sat with them a while. One of the guys on the grill came by to ask how everything was and saw I had an empty plate and offered to take it to the trash since there was one where he was going. That was really nice, he didn't have to do that. 

Ricardo is a cool guy and was glad I got to talk to him today a bit more about his business and talked about future slider flavors and randomness. Much luv, brother.

Slidin' Thru- You're making a lot of people happy.

UPDATE 5/8- Strolled into the Spring Valley Park and ordered 10 sliders and some sweet potato fries. I think it's very important to say why....so tomorrow the mom in law and I are busy working so no mothers day time for dinner

. We wanted to have a mini pre mothers day love and what was the pick? Slider Truck.

 The Grandma in particular was so happy about it...she wanted some more Pep Pep and mom cant get enough of the Barbie! I finally tried the Captains Order and I like though could use a tiny bit more balsamic.

Yeah- that's legit when mommas and grandmommas are picking this for mothers day.

Props to Ric, he remembered my name too and I only introduced myself once.   :-)
I tried the veggie sliders and thought they were fantastic! You can't beat the friendly service you receive which always makes everything taste better. My only complaint is that they didn't have the fryer working so I wasn't able to try the fries.

Come back to my office soon (Cirque du Soleil off paradise)!
Finally, street food in the desert!  

I've lived in Vegas longer than I'd like to admit, and one of my biggest complaints is the lack of Mom & Pop restaurants and street food.  Fortunately, more independent restaurants have been popping up.  I hope this trend creeps into the arena of street delicatessens.  

Although I don't typically eat red meat, I decided to try the Pulled Pork and Pep Pep.  Both were amazing!  The meat was tender and perfectly cooked.  The buns were crisp and all the ingredients were fresh!  

I caught them outside of Stussy near UNLV, but sadly they had to cut out early due to a complaint from Ferraro's restaurant manager.  Who knew a slider truck was competing with a high end Italian restaurant.  

Will definitely be back again.
They've changed their pricing structure for the better ($3/1, $5/2, $7/3). I recommend buying 3 - I promise you won't think "man this was a bad idea", unless you eat like a bird! $7 for a delicious, unique lunch. I can handle that ! 

Now that I've tried a few, my favorite is the pulled pork! I'm going to go out on a limb and say it's the best pulled pork sammie I've had in the city of Las Vegas! I had one yesterday and I'm already hitting refresh on the slidinthru website to see where I can buy another today. MMM

After pulled pork, my next favorite is kalbi, followed by pep pep. Barbie and caprese are good, but not top 3 material ! 

Props again to the owner for bringing fun food to Las Vegas! I'd love to see some new items in the future - as long as he doesn't take away my pulled porkie !
I was excited and perplexed when I heard of Vegas' first gourmet food truck.  I spend a lot of time in LA and NYC and go out of way to find my favorite trucks and to check out new ones.

The slidin' thru truck is decorated very cool, comic-book panel-like.  I tracked it down in a Bank of America parking lot.  There were a few people there, but not many more than the crew I had assembled to meet up at the spot.  I was curious to see if the gourmet truck thing that has taken LA and SF by storm had a chance here.  This city is such a driving town, not many places where there is a high density of locals where a truck would be able to park.

Anyways...  they had a surprisingly big crew scrambling in the kitchen.  The truck was clean and appealing in design.  I couldn't wait!

Unfortunately I had to.  First, they were out of 2 of the 4 or 5 sandwiches they serve.  That was a bummer.  Once I ordered though the bummer got even bummier.  Took like 10-15 minutes to get the food.  There were more cooks back there than customers?  What gives?  My friends got there before me and ordered and were still waiting well after I arrived, parked, perused the menu and ordered.

Well, if the food is killer it's worth it, thought I.  Finally got the grub.  Looked good.  It wasn't bad at all, just not that great.  I'd rather drive through one of the many In-N-Out outposts than wait in an out of the way parking lot for just okay food.  

Bun was a little stale.  Meat was seasoned well, but kinda dried out.  They obviously were sand-bagging patties back there, so why did it take so long for 3 cooks to put it together?

I really have high hopes for the slider truck and any future trucks who take to the streets of LVNV, but I just can't love it because I know how good it could be and  it wasn't bad, but there are lots of good fast-food burgers a lot more convenient and a lot better.  Give me a Fatburger any day over the slidertruck.  I hate to say it.  I really do, but this one was a definite "meh"...
Excellent. It came up to Summerlin so I dragged my mom and a friend. We got three sliders, one for each of us. The total was seven bucks. My mom is far from a gourmet, so she got the most basic burger and enjoyed it. I had the Pep Pep, which has mixed greens, feta, balsamic reduction and grilled onions. Amazing, you would never expect this came from a truck. 

My friend had the pulled pork and gave a good review of that as well, but I cannot say as pork is obviously not kosher. 

A nice touch was the gummy burger candy the worker gave us with our order. I really enjoyed that, it's a nice touch.

I hope it comes back around here again soon, but Slider Truck seems to prefer Henderson.
YAY, Vegas has a food truck the likes of those in LA! Maybe I don't need to drive 4 hours for the food truck goodness =)

When I found that there was a food truck in Vegas through Twitter, I was allllll about itttttttttt!!!!! I kinda hinted to Slider Truck that I was gonna "slide thru" one day and even though I already ate a full meal, I went to look for it anyways. And it did not disappoint! THANK GAWD!!! lol

I had the Barbie and Pep..unsure of what the ingredients were but, it was sooooooooooo ONOOOOOOOOOO =)=)=) I wish I had bought 2 of each =( I WISH WISH WISH they had the kalbi sliders but, there is always a next time to SAMPS that!

The owner, Ricardo, was really fun and knew me thru Twitter. I'm telling you...all food trucks will live on through Twitter! And with fun owners like him...customers will always "slide thru...." (ok ok enough with these "slider" puns :p)

SAMPS THE SLIDER TRUCK!!!!
Checked out their website (www.slidinthru.com) for their location, and they were about a 5 minute drive from the strip so we headed to meet them.

The menu looked so great we ordered one of each!  They also made some custom, cheese & lettuce sliders for the kids. My favorites were the Kalbi Rib, Captain's Order, and the Barbie. But I do have to say the veg one was also a winner.   The buns were a perfect match, and they were grilled to perfection.   

This was the best (and by far the cheapest) meal we've had in Vegas (this certainly blew away the crappy lunch buffet we had on the strip). I've had sliders at many different restaurants around the country, and these were by far the best!
Fist bumps and burgers!  Awesome and delicious!  Ricardo of Slider truck fame has done one hell of a job making me excited for mini hamburgers.  So excited that I had to visit him last Saturday.  And last Sunday.  So what if half my meals last weekend were from a mobile slider factory?  Ricardo likes Yelp, and the consensus is that Yelp loves Ricardo.  

Last weekend only three menu items were available: the Barbie, Pep Pep, and Porkie.  The Barbie is awesome with its caramelized jalapeños.  The Pep Pep is a "classic" burger with a special sauce, and the Porkie is a pork sandwich.  All three are excellent choices that leave me excited for my next trip to visit the Slider Truck.  I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
OK, I'm jumping on the bandwagon (or slider truck in this case) and giving them 5 stars. I finally had the chance to check them out the other night. I arrived a little early to beat the crowd and I wasn't the only one with that idea. It was funny to see several people waiting in their cars. Who would ever think that a slider truck would cause so many people to wait in an empty lot for its arrival. I wasn't sure what to get so I ended up getting 5 different sliders and an order of sweet potato fries. Here's how I would rank them from best to pretty good:

1. Pep Pep -- I love the sauce. It was like a Thousand Island type of sauce. It added so much depth to the beef, onion and bacon.
2. Kalbi -- It had a wonderfully sweet taste to it, but the meat could have been a bit more tender.
3. Barbie -- Love the bbq sauce!
4. Yaya -- The feta and tzatziki sauce with the patty was a good combo, kinda like a gyro.
5. Captain's Order -- A little overcooked. Compared to the other sliders this one just didn't have the same wow factor, but still a solid burger.

The sliders were bigger than I thought they would be. The patties are thick and 2 or 3 are probably enough to fill up most people. Luckily I had my wife and kid to help me finish all five. Then of course we also had the sugar coated sweet potato fries which were delicious. All of that only cost $15. That's one of the best bargains you'll find anywhere in the city. Where else can two adults eat a satisfying meal for $15? And I'm not counting fast food chains because this food is far superior.

I didn't have the chance to try the pulled porkie (they were all out) but I'll definitely track them down again for another round. They not only have the best sliders in town, but burgers that are just as good, if not better than, many of the upscale burger joints around.
Great food and service, but fall short in other areas.

The Barbie, Pep Pep, and Pulled Pork are all delicious and for $7 its just a great value. Just enough to fill you up for lunch, but not enough for dinner.  

Combine with the very friendly service that you can only get from a locally owned business, this would get a 5 star right? Nope, there are some issues.

First, the cinnamon fries at $3 is pricey for what you get. I was disappointed to see them use frozen Ore-Ida. When your competition In-N-Out is using potato that is cut in the store and your using frozen potatoes, just disappointing. There is just a difference between frozen potatoes and fresh ones. I rather get animal style fries and have some change left even though I'm a big supporter of the locally owned businesses. 

Another issue is that you have no idea what the offering is for a certain day. They might be offering their 6 regular items, they might only have half the menu available, etc. Today when I came, they only had the Barbie, Pep Pep, and Pulled Pork. Lucky for me, I checked Twitter right before I came. Had I  wanted one of the other 3 and didn't check Twitter before, I would have been disappointed. I know everyone and their grandma has a smartphone, but at least be considerate to your non-smartphone customers like Lisa L. A simple sign showing whats available for the day on the truck could easily fix this.

The biggest issue with this place is the wait time. 25 mins from the time of ordering is just ridiculous. I could see 10 to 15 minutes, but not 25 minutes. There was about 5 people ahead of me, which added another 10 - 15 minutes wait time before I can even order.  So from the time I arrived, till I got my first bite was about 35 minutes. I know this isn't fast food, but really? I don't even think this was considered busy. Imagine how bad it would have been if it was actually busy. I hope you have 1 hour to spare because thats how long you'll need. Now I know why the lines are so long...

Great sliders, but they need to work out their communication issues, frozen fries, and the wait time. Until then, its not worth me driving out of my way just to get these sliders.
all I can say is my slider was raw... not rare.. RAW...as you can see in the picture i posted.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m5niZy68d2gTtVWz89elfA?select=s2lFOGdAkXSyGH9ZJLvsEw

also we waited 45 mins for it... granted the food was cooked to order but if everyone is getting sliders, and if there's a long line, why not cook extra patties??

it's the first gourmet food truck in the area, but honestly I can't wait for the second
Wow people are crazy about slider truck!  And you know what there is a good reason why.  Damn good food and a fun atmosphere.  

For everyone that has spent time in Austin especially during SXSW you know that while you are in town some of the best food comes from the gourmet mobile trucks around town.  Slider Truck is the first thing in Vegas that is similar.  You might be thinking "Isn't this just a roach coach that gives laborers heart burn"?  Answer: no!  The big difference is Slider Truck is manned by three 20 somethings that have a simple menu with gourmet ingredients.  

When I visited Slider Truck they had a simple menu of 5 different types of burgers (even a vegetarian option).  I picked 3 and unfortunately 2 of them were unavailable because they had run out of a key ingredient (in my case this was Korean beef bar b q and pork).  The food is cooked to order so be prepared to wait. This isn't a bad thing per se as there are tons of people hanging out in the same boat but, all have really good attitudes and most of them are focused on telling their friends via facebook or twitter about what they are doing.  You see Slider Truck isn't just food it's created it's own social and cultural following.  

Seeing as how this is Yelp lets talk about the food.  For 3 sliders and an orange fanta I paid $9.  It was worth it in my opinion without a doubt.   The Captain's Order burger was tasty and the different elements blended well. The Barbie had a unique kick with the caramelized jalapeno which added a fun if not surprising flavor in every bite (I must admit it is a bit spicy so be forewarned). Finally the Pep Pep which tasted more like an average burger with the super sauce and caramelized onion rounding out the flavor.

I gave slider truck 4 stars instead of 5 simply because I got there an hour after they setup in the location and they were already out of the specials.  There wasn't a huge line and they even admitted to just being not prepared. Sorry perfect ratings goto the guys that are perfect!  I would recommend Slider Truck to friends and am sure I will frequent them again and again and again....
To quote Britney Spears (I think)  "Gimme gimme more, gimme more"

Just thought I would add that to my previous review. Hats off to these guys for becoming an instant success out here. Well done! Look forward to new menu items and longer hours. Read a post on twitter the other day from them saying they are working on finding ways to combat there sudden popularity because they keep running out of food. Hope they figure it out soon! It will only help business for them!

Speaking of... I want to buy an ice cream truck and follow them around to all of their locations and sell ice cream and yogurt. My idea is to call it GO-GO GURT (since GOGURT is already taken).
I finally got to see what all the hype was about. Went there an night about an hour after they set up. They were out of their specials so (kalbi and pulled pork sliders) so I had to make due with their angus burger sliders.

They were pretty good, similar to what you expect from an angus slider at a place like burger bar at Mandalay bay, but probably a bit cheaper. The main thing is the novelty of the idea of following around their truck and eating on a curb side with your friends.

The only downsides were they were out of their specials which I wanted to try since while their angus sliders were really good, they're also good everywhere else you go to get a gourmet burger. The other was the really long wait (about 30 min) to get the food which in my opinion is a bit long to be waiting to get food from a truck.
Have been wanting to try the truck out and finally got to catch up with them at the Powder and Sun location. I wanna start off by giving major props to Ric for bringing street food to this town. He is a cool dude with a dream, and now the Slider Truck is its own phenomena.

Got to the truck about an hour after they opened up shop and there was a small line and some people hanging out in the parking lot waiting for their orders. I checked the website to see what burgers they would have that day and was excited to try the three they had: Barbie, Porkie, and Pep Pep.

 After waiting for my food I was so excited to finally eat and it was worth the wait. I think my favorite was the Porkie, I love BBQ so it hi the spot. The Barbie was also great with the jalapenos and crispy onion straws. I would make the patties a little thinner and a little less done, but hey everyone has a different opinion on what is medium well and medium rare and everyone wants it done differently so the guys have to make them to appeal to huge lines they are getting.

The thing I think people need to remember with the truck is this:

1. They are still newborns. They have only been open for like a month and they want all feed back good or bad, no matter how small. They want to improve, most places don't give a damn what the customers think. They openly say "tell me what you think!"

2. It's a service truck cooking made to order burgers. They want to do it right, and right when you order it. Cooking is an art so don't rush the 3-4 dudes cramped in the truck. 

3. If you don't want to wait or chill in the parking lot this place is not for you. And there is so much buzz around it there are going to be crowds wanting five burgers at a time. 

4. Use the Internet to your advantage. Their weekly schedule is on their site and twitter and facebook, so you need a computer to find where they are so take the time to see what the guys are cooking that day so you don't drive across town for a burger you don't want. Because someone else will eat it.

Ric and the guys are nice and deliver great customer service, the food is yummy, and the experience is a new, and a great one for our city. Let's just enjoy some good food.
This NOT based off of the food... BECAUSE WE WEREN'T ABLE TO TASTE IT. 

So, I heard about the Slider Truck and I immediately looked up the reviews and checked the schedule, since they're only in certain location at certain times, and the next closest location was going to be behind the Yogurtland on Flamingo and 215 this past Saturday, but I totally forgot about it until we were driving by and saw him in front of Massage Nirvana on Fort Apache in between Trop & Peace Way. Yea... That's NOT the location that was listed, 1st WHOOPS. 

We turned into the parking lot because I really wanted to try the sliders, I mean, how many places have you seen that have 4 1/2 stars? So we park and as soon as we walk up to the line and a guy that was waiting for his food, said that the Slider Truck ran out of food. WTH?! WHOOPS NUMERO DEUCE. 

I was really disappointed because he's not really on this side of town very much, at least from the looks of his schedule, and the photos look so good and a lot of the reviews were raving about the sliders. AND the schedule isn't updated til last minute. I checked his schedule yesterday, for today and it wasn't posted when I checked at 8pm last night. 

I STILL WANT to try your sliders Mr. Slider Truck... But some consistency as to where you're going to be and enough food for your fellow Las Vegans would be awesome :)
Thank you Yelpers, for introducing me to the Slider Truck, I am hooked!
I met up with them on a day where they were offering a limited menu, so I thought, what the heck, I will get one of each - Barbie, Pep and the Porkie.  They were all delicious and I was full after the second one.  
I was slightly confused by the Barbie - it's listed under the Angus Sliders section of the menu, so I thought it would be a burger, but maybe was short ribs?  However, with the caramelized jalapeño and fried onions, it was my favorite.  
I can't wait to try the rest of their menu and hope their success will bring a whole new wave of high-end food trucks to Vegas.  Bring it on!
a gourmet comic inspired burger truck operated by a bunch of hipster / skater types.  the food is legit.  glass bottle cokes and fantas are a nice touch too.  1 slider = $3, 2 sliders = $5, 3 sliders = $7.  though, i question its sustainability due to its (lack thereof) marketing strategy.  twitter-ups are effective only to create a buzz; however eventually every business in order to grow needs to operate out of a brick and mortar.
Checked the website before heading out to their daily location...They had specials for Cinco De Mayo...Got there just as they were opening for business and I was the first one there! I also had the honor of recieving the first of his Cinco De Mayo Specials- The Carnitas Slider and The Macho Borracho, and added a side of sweet potato fries.....SOLID 1st Round! I waited for some of my co-workers to arrive
then I went in for round 2...Captain's Order, Yaya, and Pulled Porkie all good, reasonably priced, and doesn't break the bank...Keep it up Ricardo!!!

Some Things Before You Go:

All Cash Operation
Have wet naps-fingers may get all sticky
They also have Wheat buns and Hawaiian Sweet Rolls, but request them when placing your order:)
I was so hungry when I visited the slider truck for the first time...so I think I should reserve a more detailed review for my next visit.

Everything was made fresh to order KUDOS
They were out of a few of their options, but what I did try was great...the ingredients were fresh, made to order and full of flavor.
The sliders were great. Definitely worth it. This is waaaay beyond White Castle or Krystals, so leave those expectations at home. The sweet potato fries were also real good. I'll be looking out for them from now on. This is one of those "Vegas Things" you can have your friends try out when they come form out of town.  As most people would say, the service is great. They all had real good attitudes and seemed to really enjoy their work. If they were drones like most workers at fast food places, the place would lose some if its appeal. I would recommend everyone to try it out if they have the time.
Got the honorary fist bump upon being one of the first to order one day this past week.

Really fun concept - I know Portland OR, LA, NY, etc... have more mature gourmet mobile food trucks - Slider Truck - welcome to Vegas and thanks for starting the energy in the gourmet mobile food truck movement here.

Staff was very friendly, took a few minutes to prepare the order, but quality is worth waiting for.  Had the Pep Pep, Barbie, Porkie and a Cinco de Mayo special of carnitas with pickled onions and cotilla cheese.  All were really good, burgers were solid, Porkie and Cinco de Mayo special were really good - really wanted to try to Kalbi burger but no dice on this day.  Also - had an order of sweet potato fries - fresh, crispy, and sprinkled with vanilla sugar - awesome item.

This is food worth going out of your way for - to meet up at one of their locations - lot's of fun, good food.  Slide on in....
I love food trucks. In Los Angeles, there has been a food truck explosion. The Slider Truck is as good if not better then some of the LA trucks.

The sliders are fantastic. The sauce, the bread and the meat all work together to have a party in your mouth. Yummmm - mouth party!

Only reason I can't give it five stars...the lines are long. I suggest you plan ahead and get there early.
I had my first taste of the Slider Truck at First Friday and both were great.  As we all know when everyone you know raves about something you're a little skeptical but I'm glad to say that Slider Truck met and exceeded any and all expectations.  

I ordered the Pep Pep, Pulled Porkie, and Sweet Potato Fries.  The menu does vary according the day but everything is still made to order which is convenient for those of who love flavor but like it done our way.  All the ingredients were fresh and even the buns were filled with flavor.  The dessert for me was enjoying crisp and fresh Sweet Potato Fries with cinnamon.  Did I mention I had all of this for a sweet and delicious bargain of $8, certainly the best bang for your buck in town.
The concept and marketing approach are awesome, guys that run it are great and I'm happy they're killing it in LV.  I'm sure they'll do so for a long time.  But this is pretty much a one and done for me unless I know they're breaking out some of the crazy looking specials they got on their site like the montecristo.  

Being 10th in line when they opened and having to wait 40 min is understandable but I'm not planning to do it again anytime soon.  My wife and I tried 5 of the burgers w/ the Pep Pep being by far and away the best one and the Barbie coming in 2nd.  Captain was dry and fries were fries.  For $9, I would rather just go to LBS for happy hour.
I checked the website and saw that on one of the days they would be near by my house so I anxiously waited for the day to come as it would be my first experience with Slider Truck. I arrived to the location about 30 minutes early which is no problem considering I was just studying in my car. 15 minutes later the truck arrives and then they started prepping, oh man did the aroma releasing from the truck smell good. First in line, I ordered the sweet potato fries, two Cinco De Mayo specials, Captain's order, Pep Pep, pulled porkie, and something else that was unbelievably delicious. I only waited for about 10 minutes or so to receive my food. Ricardo was very friendly and welcoming. Overall I enjoyed my experience and I am hoping for another round soon :)
The food here is great worth 4 to 4.5 stars, but it's a fun experience and great service so 5 stars it gets.

Ok, I have eaten here three times and I am jumping on the band wagon.  Everything about this place rocks, the idea, the food, the prices, friendly service... just great, I even enjoy tracking them down.  The best slider hands down for me is the barbie, its a BBQ bacon slider the sauce is smokey and delicious, there are some spicy jalapenos, the meat is juicy and thick, the bacon is crisp, add some fried onions and you get awesomeness.  Once again there BBQ sauce rocks and the pulled pork slider is great too.  The service isn't lightning fast because everything is made to order but worth the wait.  The fries are cooked fresh and are real good too.

The best thing is you can mix and match your order so you can get 3 different types of sliders for lunch.  Variety is the spice of, well lunch in this case.
FINALLY TRIED THEM!!! 

I had family in town and they had no interest in visiting the strip so we planned to do tons of local things, this was one of them! 

Since out first attempt at the sliders was a complete failure and coupled with the fact that I was super anxious to try the sliders, I planned to be at the location listed, Spring Valley Park on 5/8/2010, at least 30 mins ahead. OK, not to sound like a total geek, we took our pup to the dog park while we waited, so it was like a 2fer, pup gets to play, while we wait for the munchies :) 

I felt like I was 5 years old again, when I saw the slider truck pulling up, I was SO excited, ridiculously so! We get into line and the Slider Guy started setting up. He was really nice and even asked us how we heard about him, I said "Yelp" he was so excited when I said that because, well, I guess Yelp is where he gets a lot of his business, GO YELP! :) I also think that the truck fits the personality of the slider truck guy. When you meet him, you'll know what I mean... 

So, you place your order, wait for your number to be called and find a place to sit, luckily we were at a park, so there were plenty of park benches to park our rears. We ordered a total of 12 sliders, for 3 people, which btw is too much for 3 people, I only ate 2, my son had 3 and my husband had 4 so we went home with 3 left over. Pep peps, capreses, and I don't remember what the others were because, well, I got too full before I could eat them lol and my brother ordered a bag of fries for all of us to share. As small as the sliders are, they are SOOO filling. They're all full of flavor and everything is made with such quality. The fries are seasoned and weren't as bad as some of the reviews that I've seen.

So I have a couple suggestions: 
1.The sliders all have such tasty sauces and kinda get all over your hands, all he has are wet naps, so bring a few napkins it'll assist with the clean up. 
2. If you have no intention of sitting in your car or parking your booty on the curb to eat your food, I suggest that you bring some chairs. He provides the food and service, not really a place to sit. lol 

REHEAT VALUE: My husband thought that they taste better the next day, personally, I don't. I have no palette and he does, um, let me know who's right :)
Finaly was able to catch up to them and try them only thing I can say this is the real deal the sliders were amazing caught up to them at first Friday they had 4 tvdt night so I had to have all 4 pulled pork was delcious BBQ sauce is jus perfect in flavor plane Jane was tasty and moist defintly worth tracking down and eating can't wait to try thr kalbi rib slider
These guys who run the truck are great! They had an idea and literally rolled with it.
3 sliders for $7. Great price. The kalbi and pulled pork sliders go fast! By the time I got there and waited in line for about half an hour they were all gone!
I ordered everything else on the menu! The meat needs more seasoning, and I'm not a big fan of the bun, but I'll forgive and forget. I am a big fan. Love the concept, so much so I waited more than  an hour to get my food out in the cold.
In the middle of a slammed First Friday crowd, Captain of the Slider Truck remembered my previous visit, and knew my name off my Yelp review. Fucking astonishing, because I can't remember where my shoes are in the morning most days. 

Food was excellent, again. I had the sweet potato fries and that was delicious, I also really liked the Barbie.

My friends who ditched me after I waited through that line for them? Not cool, dudes, not cool.
Awesome sliders, worth a trip if they're in your area, just be ready for a bit of a wait :)

Only 4 or 5 orders were ahead of me and it took a good 25 minutes to get my sliders, which dings them one star, otherwise they'd be 5 star all the way :)

The meat was cooked very well, and all the toppings were fresh and tasty. I've only tried the basic Pep Pep so far, but I definitely want to go back and try more of the menu.
After a day of walking with the wife and feller Yelpers at the AIDS Walk in downtown Las Vegas, we all got a chance to eat from the Slidin' Thru truck.  This ingenious group of 3 guys who graduated from the CIA of Las Vegas decided to open their own business, riding on a popular trend of food trucks serving unique foods that was sparked up in the Los Angeles area.  My past experiences on these trucks were pre-made sandwiches, and tacos al-pastor (one of my favorites).   This truck only focuses on one type of food product...sliders.  Ricardo was one of the fellers that took our orders and told us about the food and their business.  That day the menu was limited to only three selections: the Pep-Pep, the Barbie, and the Pulled Porkie.  The wife and I decided to order all 3 choices and double up on the Pep-Pep.  My eyes could not stop gazing at the 4 sliders piled high with generous amounts of meat topped with light brown toasted puffy buns.   The Pulled Porkie was filled with layers of stewed juicy and tender pulled pork.  For the other burgers, I wanna say about  to 1/3 lb amount of ground meat cooked to about a medium, so the meat was very moist.  The Barbie was a burger that was covered with cheese and bacon , but was overpowered by the bbq sauce.. The Pep-Pep is what I wanted to focus my taste buds on  because it is the classic burger, the most simplest of them all the menu.  If someone can't make that right, then they don't know what they are doing at all.  
The verdict: the Pep-Pep was completely amazing.  When I sunk my first bite into this burger, my mouth felt the texture of the soft toasted bun, then the gooey cheese, and crispy thick bacon, and finally the moist burger.  My mouth lit up because I could actually taste how well seasoned the meat was and how the homemade thousand island, salty bacon, pepper-jack cheese, the lettuce, and tomato completed the whole slider, nothing was overpowering.  Since then, I have came back for more of the Pep-Pep, and looking forward to try the new items.
We just hit up the slidin thru truck at the Liberace Museum and had great time.  We tried one of each of the sliders available today.  A+ on the different meats and sauces, I like them all.  The atmosphere is also awesome, chatted with several people in line. The guys who run the truck are so sweet and friendly. We will be back for more!   My only one tiny gripe is the bun they use, i like a thinner bun like White Castle serves, they use a roll type bun that is too much bread for me, but don't let that stop you from enjoying these awesome burgers and fun experience! Next time we will try the fries too, I heard they are "screamin" from the gentleman behind me in line.
Another trip to the Slider Truck today! Some updated notes:

*Had Yaya for the first time. F-ing amazing!!!!!!! Dare I say I might like it better than Pep Pep? I'm a feta girl and this slider is heavenly ! 

*They got an A rating this morning from the Health District, good for them!

*Ric gets major points for customer service. We ordered some sweet potato fries. They were tasty but not up to snuff. I didn't complain as they were busy and honestly I was still eating them so who cares. Ric randomly called me over 10 minutes later and hands me a fresh bag of fries and says "I noticed the first order I gave you didn't look so great - here's a better order on the house". So there you have it. I didn't even complain but he's so on top of quality control he rectified the situation !  

I love you Ric and your ridiculously good sliders !!!
I finally got to experience the Slider Truck and I am so glad the boyfriend decided to surprise me with it, because YUM!

He ordered 3 burgers for himself, and I got 2 vegetarian eggplant burgers, sweet potato fries, and a large bottle of water. The total was $17 for the two of us, not shabby! 

Didn't take all that long to actual get the food but whatever wait we had was totally worth it. Matt has said in the past that the eggplant caprese sliders were his least favorite but we all know that boys don't know anything ;) I actually dislike eggplant, there are very few dishes I like with that bulbous purple veggie (maybe I get too many Coneheads flashbacks!) but these little sliders were delicious. The eggplant was nice and hot, and the cheese, tomato, basil, and sauce were nice and cold giving it a refreshing quality to it. I'm usually a slow eater but I devoured the hell out of these babies. The sweet potato fries were pretty good although I wish there was a little bit of salt in there - I love a salty/sweet mix with a lot of foods and I think that would have taken them to be over-the-edge awesome. 

I can see why this truck has so many devotees and I am definitely going to be one of them from now on. It is completely worth the wait, the customer service is great and there is just an overall aura of happy around this truck. I hope it stays around for a long time and that maybe more veg-friendly items get brought into existence, but for now I will enjoy my eggplant and fries like crazy!
Ok, I finally tried out the Slider Truck today.  They were on my side of town, so everything fell into place.

I was surprised when I went to the window to order...Rick recognized me.  It kind of shocked me when he called me by name...he must have been monitoring the Twitter account, because that was the only way he could have known I was coming because we've never met.  Anyway, that was impressive.

I ordered the Barbie & the Pep Pep.  While I was waiting for my food, I noticed that most of the people who were there were repeat customers.  They have done a great job of promoting their business via social networking.

After a short wait my food was ready.  I couldn't wait to try it out.  I first attacked the Barbie....it was very tasty and fresh.  It didn't take me long to devour it.  The BBQ sauce and jalapeno peppers went well together.  The Pep Pep was next....and it was even better.  I especially like the sauce.

The only reason I didn't give them 5 Stars is because of the eating experience itself.  It was pretty windy and I was planning to eat in my car....but because of how messy the sliders are, I didn't want to get it all over my car or clothes, so I ate outside.  It wasn't very pleasant or ideal.  I understand that's how it works with food trucks, but I guess that's why I'm not a fan of most.  At least they give you wet wipes to clean up.

Will I return?  If they're located nearby or relatively close, I will.  i won't drive to the other side of town for it.
Slidin Thru by my house! How can I not go?! 

Funny is that the G'ma was talking about how she loved it when we went last week and was wondering when will the truck will be close by either of our houses again. So I looked it up and saw it was NW TBA so we already had it planned for them to come over for some Slider Luv Saturday. That's legit- grandmas and mama's are part of the craze too. Remember, this was what they wanted for Mothers Day out of all the things we could have eaten and the g'ma declared it's her favorite thing to eat in Vegas. Awwwww...

So I had TWO new sliders today. 

Yes, I havent had the Eggplant Caprese but I've been a little carnivorous monstoro lately. This was refreshing actually- very pleasant. I've been wanting eggplant lately so that helped that odd craving. 

Off menu today was a brisket slider. It had beef brisket with the BBQ sauce that is on my favorite, the Barbie. Sometimes brisket can be chewy, but this was not- a tender bite. Since we took this home I wanted to add some spice. Perfect zing was this Indonesian hot sauce called "Sambal Badjak" which is chili with onions/shallots in oil so its spicy and a bit sweet. AM-A-ZINGGG! I think I'll be bringing a bottle in my purse from now on if we eat at the truck.

So we had the sweet potato fries last week and it was good with the sugar cinnamon sprinkle on it. This time it had a bit of salt with the cinnamon sugar so I think Ric was maybe reading our reviews again and saw Adina's and worked it in. (HI RIC!!) Anyways, I think with adding just the pinch of salt it was even better. Maybe some regular fries next to round out and try everything...but I like sweet potato fries so much though that I gotta hope I'm in the mood soon or someone is and I can pinch a few from them.

Other than that- the same old. G'ma loves the Pep Pep, Scott, his mom and I like the Barbie. I love the Yaya 2nd, but wasn't on the menu today....is this gone for good? (noooo...!)

Retro Bakery owners dropped by and brought Ric super chunky chip cookies. He shared a cookie with us. Sharing is caring and was really awesome of him. It was cooki'licious ! You know where I'm going next weekend for cookies and cupcakes! 

NW location is a good one. Where he parks in the NW is across the street from Retro Bakery (N. Durango and Farm) in the Albertsons parking lot. There is a big roundabout planter there where people can sit and enjoy their food. So yes, if you dont like standing- this location you can sit outside right by the truck.

Sliders and bags of sweet potato fries (cookie and fist bumps too!)  made for a decent day. We had our dog LuLu pass on Thurs and she was our baby, our "heart dog".... this made me feel better after a devastating few days. I almost didn't go because I was planning to bring her to have a Plain Jane and take a picture of her eating it with her Yelp bib for the truck profile and it made me sad thinking Ric never met his unofficial pug mascot/patty connoisseur, but really glad I went. I know a burger is something simple, but sometimes the simple things are the things that start to make a difference.
3rd time yesterday... BBQ Beef Brisket is awesome! Def a must try when they do it as a special and the sweet potato fries were so tasty. As always awesome service! I want them to come to San Jose when I move.. I'm going to miss the Slider Truck
I've seen my friends reviews of this place and name mentioned time and time again. Finally I decided to keep track of their schedule and noticed they were going to be a block away from my Las Vegas office. 

I ended up mixing and matching the sandwiches with a side of the sweet potato fries. Two of the burgers and one of the pork sliders. All of them were good. The sauces definitely made these bites worth the cost. They are a little bit pricier but these kids have something down so I have no problem supporting them and their endeavors.

Track them down before the Vegas heat gets too hot to be waiting around outside!
Did you know slider truck has a hidden menu??? You have to literally ask them before you order but, sometimes they have stuff! Today the example was the "French Dip" slider. The burger was great and the Au Jus was amazing.  This time around I had the sweet potato fries that everyone goes on about.  I didn't love them. Don't take this to mean they are bad they just aren't my thing as they were a little too sweet.

As usual the service was super friendly and fun. The meal is more of an experience seeing as how you have to hunt them down but, this makes it more of an adventure and fun. Thats right I have to admit not following the same pattern/habit can be a good thing!
what?! twice in one week?! um.. yes. Stopped by while they were at SK&G Advertising by 215 and Russell. It was a bit tough to find thanks to Google Maps with the roads labeled wrong.

I caught them at the tale end of their 3 hr stay and there were a few ppl around still. I got 2 porkies, 2 french dip (special), and a barbie. Not all for me don't worry. Anyways, I took them to go. I ate a porkie (finally got another one) and the 2 french dip (really good... lots of flavor).

I'm going to miss these guys when I move! My favorite business in Las Vegas. Great food, great service and awesome concept. Hope to get a t-shirt before I move so I can rock it in San Jose (make it happen Ric! lol)
Amazing. If you haven't tried the slider truck you have to track the down. Every slider that I tried was fantastic. The pulled pork slider and the BBQ are definitely my favorite so far. Very friendly staff and with the price you can get your fill no problem. My question is when are they starting up a second truck???
Being able to catch the Slider Truck seemed nearly impossible for me with the schedule that I had. It was always either too far away, or out of my time frame. However, today was a little different. It was at a nearby location and within my lunch break. I wanted to fall to my knees and weep tears of joy when I got there. I finally made it.

I ordered 2 Pep Peps with a side of sweet potato fries. Accompanying this meal, was a classic glass bottle of Coke.

The sliders were rather small in diameter, but the thickness in the patties made up for it. All in all , fun sized morsels of deliciousness. The sweet potato fries tasted a bit like tiny churros with the cinnamon sugar sprinkled on it. Not bad. I don't think it went too well with the burgers though. It was more like a dessert to eat afterwards. Two sliders should be enough to fill a small hunger; Maybe order three if you arrive hungry.

The food wasn't good enough for me to go out of the way for, but good enough for me to drop by whenever it's around. They offer super friendly service and a unique change of pace for the lunch scene. 

Mad props to the Slider Truck! You've got yourself a new fan.
i have been DYING to try the slider truck ever since i heard about it weeks ago from yelp.  finally went this evening and i can't wait to go again!

i ordered the captain, the yaya and the pulled porkie.  they were out of the porkie so ric suggested the frenchie (french dip with great au jus), so i got that one.

i am not cool enough to eat them outside (i was there by myself so it would have been boring) so i brought them home to eat.  i figured i might as well be comfortable while enjoying my long-awaited sliders!  it's a good thing i did too because if i had stayed i may have kept ordering sliders, and really, 3 was a perfect amount.

i loooooved the captain and the frenchie, but my favorite was the yaya.  i'm a huge greek food fan anyway, so i knew i'd like it, but the tzaziki made it.  the cucumber flavor was so fresh and added a... brightness (?), i don't know... a wonderfulness that i loved.

i will definitely be back - can't wait!  thank you slider truck!!!
It had been a while since my last visit to the Slider Truck, so another visit was long past due.  Early in the day I sent a text to a few friends asking if they wanted to hit up the Slider Truck; big mistake.  Have you ever had to go through an entire work day, with nothing but the Slider Truck driving through your head, dispensing those delicious burgers?  The anticipation was like going to Disneyland, except for my mouth.

I got to do a repeat eat of my favorite from past visits, The Barbie, and also got to try two new sliders: the Captain's Order and the Frenchie.  The Barbie is still filled with awesome, with the carmelized jalapenos and bacon winning me over time and time again.  The Captain's Order was different for me; I had to try it because it wasn't on the menu last time.  It tasted like a really good salad on a really good burger.  

Last up was the secret menu item for the day (which he revealed out of Yelp love!), the Frenchie, a hamburger bun hugging sliced beef tenderloin and provolone cheese together, coupled with an au jus dipping sauce.  When I received my order the first thing I noticed was how light the au jus was!  We're talking cloudy water type of transparency, as opposed to the typical dark color I'm used to.  But no nead to fear, Slider Truck was on top of things as usual and managed to pack unbelievable amounts of flavor into that au jus.  It was simply screaming "Dip ALL your burgers into me!"

How could you do this to me Ricardo?  I still need to try your french fries.  And now I want to sign up for a Twitter account to see your updates.  I can't wait till my next visit!
Thanks, Yelp, for bringing the Slider Truck to my attention.  Weekly schedule showed them in the downtown area, my place of employment, so perfect for lunch.  I ordered the Barbie, Captain's order and Pulled Pork.  All delicious but I love feta so Captain's order was my fave.  We got there about an hour after they had set up shop and the wait from ordering to receiving the food was about ten minutes so I didn't think that was bad.  I don't know whether the fries were frozen or not but they were delicious and hot to me and I love the sweet cinnamon seasoning.  I'm already planning my return visit!
My love for the slider truck keeps growing and growing.... another day another great experience. All I have to say for this trip is... did the Porkies get bigger?! OMG - I ordered 4 sliders (3 porkies and a barbie) because I usually am still hungry after 3 especially since the porkies were not as filling. Yesterday however, the porkies were HUGE and I was full after 3.

My first experience at the truck where I had to wait in line to order (15 minutes) and it wasn't bad. Went quick. It was a beautiful night out too which made it better.

Only negative was the Lakers sign in the window lol Sorry Ric! haha
Tasty stuff my friends. We ordered a Barbie, a Captains Order, A Ya-Ya, and the Eggplant Caprese plus sweet potato fries. Pretty much the entire menu. The Sweet Potato Fries were outstanding. They were sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and I felll in love. 

The burgers were all very good and unique. There is definitly something for everyone and it is nice having bugers that are a little 'out of the box' when it comes to unique topping combos. I'm not a big fan of eggplant but I destroyed the Caprese. 
The guys that run the truck have a great sense of humor and seemed really appreciative for all the customers that were seeking them out.
My only gripe is that these are totally not sliders but mini-burgers. Maybe it's because I'm from the midwest surrounded by White Catle and other joints that steam the hell out of their sliders BUT these are still tasty little treats that are worth a vist.
Ordered the Pep Pep, Barbie, and Plain Jane.  Ahhh-mazing.  The combo of the angus beef mixed with the different flavors plus bite sized & affordable to get the most bang for your buck.  I'd recommend to all my friends that wouldn't be afraid to order from a "roach coach".
WOW

I'm so glad I finally got to try this place!
HELLA BOMB. Literally like an explosion in my mouth and it felt soo good!

I only tried the BARBIE, but that was more than enough to make this place a tradition every time I visit Vegas. It was the hugest slider I've ever seen! Even the picture I took makes me drool. Sooo good!

The only reason why I'm knocking off one star is cuz they RAN OUT OF FRIES! I was really looking forward to trying their fries fried in Peanut Oil, but unfortunately they were all out of sweet potato and regular fries... Hopefully next time.

I still hope this truck stays in business for years to come cuz I will definitely be coming back!
I started following these guys on Twitter, not knowing that I was on the heels of a traveling burger circus goldmine. 

Finally, a coworker started talking about Slider Truck. He had hunted them down and immediately started speaking madly, as if he'd fallen in love.

A few days later around six of us tracked Slider Truck down to their location of the morning. I got two Barbies and sweet potato fries.

I was stuffed.

Some people bought three different sliders and fries! Were they crazy? Yes. And in food heaven as a result.

Go forth and find the slider truck. You'll be glad you did.
Really glad there is not a limit to the number of times I can update my review :) Even though I keep saying the same thing over and over and over again.

Caught up with the guys again last night in back of Yogurtland. 2 Barbies, 1 Plain Jane and an order of sweet potato fries later... I was in Slider Heaven. Took an order to go for my girlfriend who I was picking up at the airport and she liked as well.

So sad that I will only get one more trip to the Slider Truck before I move.
Last night I popped my Slider Truck cherry. My first attempt to get some action from the Slider Truck was an epic fail. I got a twitter update from them saying they were out of food when I was 5 minutes away. 

When I pulled up to the motorcycle event @ the Las Vegas Motor Speedway and saw the truck still there, I felt like Harold and Kumar when they finally made it to White Castle. 

I had the Captain's Order, Barbie, and some Sweet Potato Fries. As I sat down on the curb to eat my sliders, the band sings, "Stop, hey, what's that sound. Everybody look what's going down." The weather was perfect. I unroll my napkins and find some wet-naps and a Laffy Taffy!! The sliders were the bomb diggity!!

The Slider Truck Crew were all cool cats. I will come back to attack the rest of the menu. Fo sho!!!

I made this journey alone so I left right after I finished my food. I wish I had stayed because I found out there was motorcycle stunts after I left.
After hearing everyone rave about slider truck, I decided to give it a try. I had this afternoon off and they were setting up lunch a few blocks from my house, so today was the day.

Most places that are really hyped up never seem to wow me, I don't know if I go in expecting too much or if I'm just don't seem to like what others do, but I will tell you this Slider Truck lived up to the Hype.

I met a friend there for lunch, when I pulled up there were about 5 people infront of us in line, but it moved pretty quickly, I ordered 2 Barbies and a Pulled Porkie, along with a gatorade. I thought about the sweet potato fries but passed (will get them next time).

The wait for the line and the wait for the food weren't bad, my only real complaint was the location, there was a half wall to sit on, but no tables or anything, and well being 100+ degrees a place to sit would have been nice, but you can't really blame them for that.

The Barbie were great...I got them with out the Jalapenos, as I'm not a pepper fan, but the rest was amazing, the buns were soft and toasted to perfection, the beef was great, you can tell they were hand pattied not premade, and the BBQ sauce is amazing!!!

As if the Barbie wasn't good enough...the Pulled Porkie was AMAZING...the pork was moist, and had a good smoky flavor, the buns the same as the barbie, and the sauce was amazing as well, next time I'll probably just get Porkies unless they have something new to try as it was my hands down favorite.

I really like when a place lives up to the hype and without a doubt this won't be the last time I visit the Slider Truck.

Today I lost my Slidginity and it was amazing!!!
So I've seen the chatter about these wonderful sliders for some time now.  Finally decided to get the office team together and try these babies when the truck was closer to our side of town.  Today was the day and from what I read, I encouraged the office team to go early or suffer the long lines in the hot sun.

While the menu was somewhat limited, my problem was trying to pick which slider I wanted...I could not decide and ended going with the Pep Pep, the Ya Ya, the Captain's Order and a Porkie.  Accompanied by a nice warm bag of seasoned fries and a bottled water to balance out the healthiness of this long-awaited meal.

Dear God, the wait was so worth it as I bit into my first Pep Pep with crispy bacon, sautéed onion, cheese and a special sauce that drizzled down the corner of my mouth. The Ya Ya was equally as delicious with its red onion, feta and white wine vinaigrette sauce. The Porkie was tasty with just the right amount of slow-roasted pulled pork, caramelized jalapenos and a touch of BBQ sauce.  But I must say, the Captain's Order has to be my ultimate favorite.  Who would ever contemplate pairing an Angus beef burger with roma tomatoes, arugula, bacon, feta cheese and balsamic reduction on a small, toasted bun?  That slider was insane! 

There are more items on their menu, and now I can't wait to try the others the next time the slider truck rolls into my neighborhood.  You can follow them online to learn the schedule ahead.  

Again, plan to get there early, or the agony of watching others chow down on these delicious burgers while you wait will be painful!
I went to the Slider Truck by Cox Communication near Rancho today.  I had the Pulled Porkie and it was excellent.  They sold out of sweet potato fries, so I had to settle for regular, which are excellent.

I'd like to give real stars in the heads of some people who came with orders for large numbers of sliders.  It made the wait quite long, and being about 100 degrees outside, it was a tad uncomfortable with just one small tree with shade.  I will find this truck again and go earlier.  Perhaps I'll find it far away from another office building.  

The good thing about this was that I initially heard of where the truck would be from a Nevada State Museum Facebook post.  I had my sandwich and did as they suggested.  I went to museum after lunch.
Believe the hype! As chance would have it we checked Yelp and ST's website today and they're on our side of town for a change, woo hoo! Super friendly service and didn't take long at all, glad we got there early :)
We got a combo with 5 sliders, an order of sweet tater fries and a Coke in a bottle, yup a glass bottle!
In no particular order we tried the Yaya which was kind of like a gyro/Greek thing going for it, quite good! The Pep Pep which was good but ranks on the bottom of our 5 and simply due to being more of a traditional burger. The eggplant which was good but not my favorite. I'd definitely say the Porkie and Barbie were my 2 favorites. The sweet potato fries were really good too and big enough to share. In order for me would probably be:
1. Barbie
2. Porkie
3. Yaya
4. Eggplant Caprese
5. Pep Pep
We highly recommend you check out Slider Truck when they're in your neighborhood!
I totally forgot to Yelp these cool cats! I guess because it's not an actual food location, I just forgot.

What can I say that hasn't already been said? The Slider Truck is pretty bomb. I've only been able to visit them once, but I'm a fan. I had three sliders and some sweet potato fries. For the sliders, I chose a Pep Pep, a Yaya, and a Captain's order. I don't know which is my favorite because they were all equally good. And of course, the sweet potato fries were off the hook.
So I finally got to hit up Slider Truck last week for the first time when they were closer to home, stopping outside Cox Communications. I am in LOVE! These gourmet sliders are perfectly sized and seasoned, toppings are total nom! Today was a repeat of Captains Order (because I LOVE the balsamic reduction) and the YaYa (because I'm a fetaholic and the white wine vinaigrette is the bomb), but also ordered the PepPep and Pulled Porkie for my mom, she loved the flavor combos, and the caramalized jalepenos were scrumptious! My son had a plain jane, my husband had a Eggplant Caprese, PepPep and a YaYa. Sweet potato fries are yummy with a light salting to compliment the cinnamon dusting. Today i ventured to the far west side to satisfy my craving for balsamic reduction, and to beg them to come to the north east side! Get some window love!!
I have to say, when I first thought of food from a truck I imagined tasteless burritos or subpar sandwich fare. My first encounter with Slider Truck was outside Retro Bakery during the Johnny Cupcakes tour. While I waited in line for four hours, hot and famished, I ignored Slider Truck on shear principle. Really? Those people must be desperate to be eating food from a truck that just rolls on up and throws food out a window. Don't they see the 7-11 right here? At least with a 7-11 hot dog your expectations are so low it's hard for them not to be met... but I digress. Slider Truck, at first glance, I thought you were a poor excuse for wetting my taste buds. And now I'm here to publically admit how very, very wrong I was. 
I can now proudly say I am not only a Slider Truck stalker, but an addict. Drug of choice? Pulled Porkie slider with a sweet potato after shock. I'm actually not a big fan of burgers in general, so I leave the rest of the sliders to my husband to explore (he's tried them all and he, too, is now an addict).  But the Porkies?  Holy shit. I can't remember a time I tasted pork so flavorful that just a light drizzle of BBQ sauce is all that's necessary to make them sing praises in my mouth. (They normally come with some caramelized jalapeno- but I like to keep it simple.) The buns are light, but toasted to perfection and each mouthful is truly scrumptious. And as if that weren't enough to make your stomach growl for an encore--there's the sweet potato fries. To date, the best sweet potato fries I have EVER tasted. Crisp, light, sweet with a dusting of cinnamon and sugar (although, I know Ric--the slider truck guy--is more than happy to dust with salt if you so prefer).  You know you have a good thing when I'd rather find the Slider Truck for date night than hit up some restaurant...and the fries--great to stuff in your purse for the movie-shhh! And if it matters, my 8.5 month old also thoroughly enjoys both the Porkies and fries. He had his first taste last night and screamed for more long after I'd polished off the last bite. 
The insanely delectable sliders can only be made better by the uber-friendly owner, Ric, who clearly pours his heart and soul into his business. Nice guy, great food, excellent business concept- what's there not to love?
Would I recommend you stalking the Slider Truck? Absolutely. Is it worth all the hype? Absolutely. Am I already craving more sliders? You betcha!
Was walking around First Friday with the Yelp-izzles and I spotted the sweet eye candy on the Slider Truck. I wasn't hungry yet, but I could not get this close and pass it up.

Said wuddup to my boy Ric and ordered a Pep Pep and a Pulled Porkie. It came with a wet-nap and a 2pk of Starburst. They were both hella yummy in my tummy!!
I've visited the Slider Truck probably a dozen times or so. Each time I've gone, I've been greeted with an enthusiastic fist-bump and the intoxicating smell of freshly-cooked beef. The truck's owner (would it be unprofessional for me to call him our culinary savior?), Ric, takes great care to make each and every customer feel welcome, and he doesn't let them leave with an empty stomach.

With the food he dishes out, though, how could one even consider leaving when there's still room for more? From the more-or-less standard Pep Pep, to the sauce-laden Barbie -- from the "safe" Plain Jane to the caramelized-jalapeño-spiked Pulled Porkie... Ric hasn't made me a slider yet that I haven't loved.

The Slider Truck is something I had never even dreamt of, but now that it's here I can't imagine a world without it. I'm not saying it's the only thing I care to eat anymore, but it's really nice to have a relatively-quick, inexpensive and extremely-delicious option for my lunch breaks.

It's strange -- the Slider Truck seemed to just materialize out of nowhere one day, didn't it? I saw Matt tweeting about it one day and decided to try it out, and now here we are. Maybe Ric is actually a dark wizard-chef from the future, come to advance civilization to new and tasty heights! It's one possible explanation. More likely he was just tired of all the crap being dished out, and the lack of culture and street-side camaraderie in Las Vegas, and he decided to do something about it.

Either way, I respect this man and I thank him for the food truck revolution he's begun. God bless Ric and his big truck of tiny burgers.

#yelplove
I love their food, and the guys that run the truck are so cool! 

I only rated it four stars instead of 5 because the wait can be so long sometimes (especially in the hot sun).
Food that creates a smile is great food, but food that inspires--that's fantastic food.  The slider truck, although casually camouflaged with a comic theme and serving nothing but sliders, creates great eats that are inspiring for those who love to eat and for those who want to cook.  With the food comes the people, a plethora of individuals that somehow meld together into a friendly mass of hungry fans.  Despite the wait time for excellent sliders the people converse as if they know each other, making the wait seem like a few minutes rather than a bit longer.  I don't mind waiting in line with the cult followers because they are a mixture of artists, parents, students, geeks, photographers, and more.  While waiting in line for the slider truck you get an intelligent conversation in with great people. I love it.

With the crowd comes the need to feed, and the slider truck delivers wonderful morsels of juicy burger love.  They changed me, turning me into a fan of things I do not normally eat, and that is a feat in itself.  The menu is simple and there are days when they have secret menu items available as well, items that their regulars will wait an hour in line for just to get a taste.  Today it was the french dipper, a roast beef slider with melted cheese, onions and mushroom with a side of au jus.  I tried one and it was to die for--tender, juicy, packed from top to bottom bun and seasoned so well that I wish I ordered four more.  I will definitely dream of that french dipper till the next time it's on the secret menu.  When it comes to turning me, the pulled pork sandwich--one that I refuse to eat ever--became an instant favorite of mine from the slider truck.  It's perfectly cooked and the barbecue sauce is spicy, sweet, and oh so smooth.  That pulled pork is juicy and tender, well seasoned and the sandwich, although slider size, is packed full of it.  The other thing that I hate to eat are jalapenos, but they make a jalapeno jelly that I cannot get enough of on their Captain slider.  I could eat fifty of those burgers with the jalapeno jelly on it.  

With the mind changing food comes great service.  The owner handles the truck personally, along with three to four of his trusted friends that basically line cook to keep the food coming out fast.  They are all friendly, always smiling and they take extra care to pack everything nicely and with everything you need.  A great touch is the candy that you get with every order, because candy can make anyone smile even on a bad day.

These sliders are like no other.  They are amazingly filling, great tasting, with fresh ingredients and cooked to perfection.  The texture of the patties are perfect, and their sweet rolls that they split into a bun are yummy.  I love the slider truck with all my heart, and they inspired me to try something different every once in awhile.  if you think that this food truck is like others, serving plain food fast and greasy, you have it all wrong.  They serve unique, what I consider gourmet style sliders on the fly. With great prices and service, and the fun crowd and fun times trying to find the truck daily, this is a stop that I'm willing to drive across town to line up for any day of the week.

Line up soon and get your slider fix today, before the food runs out.  The crowds are a plenty, but the specials may not last till you're ready to show up.  That's the fun in this truck--finding it, lining up, talking to people, and then finally eating your addiction.  Get it hot and fast with a smile.  What more could you ask for?  As for myself, nothing.  They are everything that I need when I want my burger fix.

Thanks for the inspiration, slider truck.
The slider truck = too good to be true. 


I had an amazing experience trying them out at First Friday, Ric was so nice & friendly. My Eggplant Caprese was off-the-chain-delicious. I cannot wait to catch them again!
I've been dying to try the truck for a while, so when it was at Cox Communications right by my office (6/25), I knew a good opportunity when I saw it.  I waited almost two hours in the blazing hot sun!!!  My lunch break quickly became an extended vacation, and my entire office was waiting for me to bring back lunch for everyone and you know what?  IT WAS WORTH EVERY MINUTE.  So yummy.

What I had in order of how much I loved:

Pulled Porkie - Wow!  My favorite even though the Barbie was a close second.

Barbie - So good.  Has a spicy kick.

Yaya - Tasty if you like feta which I freaking do!

By the time I ordered, they were out of sweet potatoe fries, so I had the regular.  Fries were great, but now I have to go back and try the sweet potato fries.  Hopefully, the truck will swing this way soon because I have been seriously dreaming of these yummy sliders.
This place is FANTASTIC!  Burgers are delicious and innovative.  I've had every burger on the menu several times and have yet to be disappointed.  Love the pulled pork slider and the Pep Pep.  I haven't seen the kalbi slider in a while and look forward to trying one again.

Bonus is they have Mexican Coke!  The stuff with real sugar instead of that corn syrup crap in American Coke.
I made it to Slider Truck on monday at their "secret location"...Monday was my day off, I didn't really want to leave the house, but when I saw they were doing the French Dippers...I knew I had to be part of the night.

I got to the "secret" location, it was a well shaded place (good call guys...first time was majorly lacking shade), and I was about 15th in line, it took a while, but everyone was patient and anxiously awaiting their chance at the french dippers.

I ordered 3 french dippers, 2 porkies, and 1 barbie, I have to say the Barbie was solid, the french dippers were great (probably a little over hyped but still really good), and the porkies were AMAZING as usual.

I'm pretty sure I would shove my mother into oncoming traffic if it meant I would get my hands on another porkie or two!

Also make sure you tell them that Yelp has sent you, you will get a slider on the house, just make sure to review...and if you get a porkie I'm pretty sure you'll give it 5 stars
I finally caught this truck close to my work and I went for it! It was all that I imagined it would be. I had the Yaya, the Barbie and the Caprese. All were delicious and flavorful! I think my favorite is the Barbie, but I would order any of them again! 

I've got my radar on now...totally gonna stalk this truck!
Went today after waiting to try these guys for awhile. It seems like they're rarely on my side of town, so I used my day off to hunt them down to the far end of town. We met up with some family and got in line right away. My boyfriend and I both got the extra yelp slider, that was pretty cool, so thanks guys! I got the Captain's Order [my fave of the beef, had great flavor and texture combos], Yaya [my boyfriend's fave], Pep Pep, and the Porkie [my second favorite]. The pork was tender and flavorful, with great jalapeno and cheese condiments.The Yaya was good, I liked the sauce and anything that has feta cheese gets my vote. The service was really friendly and enthusiastic. At one point I could over hear the kitchen talk and everyone was being checked in with and offered waters, so it seemed like there was a good team ethic. They even had a dog treat for my puppy, which was sweet. The food was great, better than any fast food.I wish they'd hit up more east side spots, maybe more university area ones would be nice, too, but I understand their constraints. It's a fun concept and I'm glad it's finally catching on in Vegas, I hope more of their kind start coming into fruition! They had coca cola in the glass bottles, which was cool. I didn't really dig the sweet potato fries- everyone we were with recommended them very highly, but I found them too sugary. I think a chile lime or saltier topping would've been more aligned with my palate. If I go again, I'll try their other fries to be fair. The caprese also sounded really good, so that's also on the horizon. If they're in your area, give them a try! The lines can be long, but they're doing a great job in such a small workspace. Way to go guys!
The Skinny: good, interesting, innovative slider flavours with some problems with execution (2.75), service - very friendly but difficulties with timing (3), value - not that great - have had better sliders for less and in a more comfortable environment. (2.5)

This review is based on two visits to the slider truck.

After a disappointing first visit (we waited 45 minutes but ended up with no food  due to a dysfunctional propane tank), we ventured for a second try after getting our previous order comped. 

We were greeted by an enthusiastic Ric and we received our order about 20 minutes later despite being the 5th order of the day. 

Hawaiian rolls were the specials of the day. We tried several sliders and only two hit home. Captain's Order and the Barbie were quite good - nice flavours, nicely prepared. Pep Pep was slightly overseasoned with the toppings of carmelized onions and salty bacon. The Eggplant Caprese was underseasoned. The Yaya was their take on gyros however the sauce made the burgers too soggy. The pulled pork and buns were burnt albeit the jalapeno glaze was quite tasty.

The sweet potato fries were a delightful cinnamon, salty, sugary concoction that works.

Overall, I don't think I have a burning desire to go back to the slider truck. The food is interesting but the inconsistency in quality does not warrant the price or the long wait in 105 F weather.
I heard a plethora of rave reviews before venturing to the NW part of town from the SW to try the Slider Truck.  I had heard there were sometimes long lines but that it was worth the wait.  Unfortunately, my first experience was beyond a "long" line.  We waited a little over an hour only to discover that they ran out of food when it came time to make our order. :-(  At this point I was beyond starving but Ric refunded our money, gave us some free drinks, and comped our next meal.  

I was at work one Saturday when I saw via Twitter that the Slider Truck was on Sahara and Maryland which was right on my way home from work.  I still had the comp so I swung in to find the truck.  There was virtually no line and my food was up in no time at all.  The food was amazing.  I had the Caprese and my bf had the Barbie, Plain Jane, and Pep Pep.  We both had the sweet potato fries which might actually be my favorite part of the whole thing.  Did the food redeem our initial experience?  Yes.  

We just caught the truck again last night and the food was even better this time.  There was a line when we arrived but it went quickly.  

Just be prepared to wait a bit.  Bring a camp chair if you have to!  And it's not exactly cheap.  But it's amazing food and worth the wait and the price.  Ric is also a super nice guy and always takes care of his customers.   I'd actually like to give the Slider Truck 4.5 stars, but that's not an option.
So after hearing and reading so much about the slider truck we decided to give it a try. 

My first Slider Truck experience was a secret location on N. Lake Dr. We were fortunate enough to get just on time with the truck when the line wasn't long. Seeing as I am so indecisive about everything I figured it was just a good idea to order one of everything. It was a good idea. The result was little container full of different flavored sliders which had me salivating. They were so good I was tempted to lick the Styrofoam container that had some jalapeno jelly on it. Luckily there was still a little bun left to sop up all that juicy goodness. 

Now a few words on service. I love friendly service and these people make you feel right at home. From greeting to pickup the smiles don't stop. How does it feel to love your job? The way these guys look at work it seems they have the answer to that question. 

My second Slider Truck experience was the very next day in the back parking lot on Flamingo. Got there in the evening an hour before they closed up and got a couple of Pep Peps, YaYas, Barbies and Captain's Orders. Great eats again.  And you get free candy!

It was an awesome and fun experience both times. I can't wait for my next experience.
Slider Truck was really excellent.  The sweet potato fries are pretty interesting, I think they add sugar to them which provides a really unique taste.  We tried every type of slider, and all of them had a really nice and unexpected balance of flavor that worked well.  We went twice, one day they had hawaiian roll buns and the other day they had normal buns.  The hawaiian rolls actually ended up tasting better than their standard bun.  

One word of advice, both days they sold out of certain types of sliders, so get there early if you want to try a particular one!  Also, the owner of the place is incredibly nice and personable, be sure to give him some window love!
I decided to check them out based on a piece on the news, plus I got a coupon via  text from the web site.  I think it was for 1 free slider.  So I showed up, ordered 3 captain's orders.  First off, I think for 3 little burgers it was(I think) around 6 dollars.  I paid for 2, with one free.  Even that I thought was overpriced.  The burger itself was pretty good, better tasting than your average fast food burger, but for the price, too much.  I'd rather get a Double double meal for the same price(burger fries and drink) for the price of my discounted sliders.  Of course generally you have to drive to wherever the truck is if you feel like getting the food, which is also a bit of a pain.  Lastly, I paid for 2 sliders and I got back change as if I bought 3....generally I trust vendors, plus it was hot and i wanted to get in my car, eat, and go...really didn't feel like driving back for the correct change.

Update 12/7/2010 :

They have definitely made things much better in today's economic climate.  The addition of random dollar slider happy hours, in this reviewer's opinion, has made the usually long trip to their truck, much easier to swallow.  Just need to keep watch for texts from them that you sign up for to get these specials! Bravo :)
Slidin' Thru owner Ric describes his 'Slider Truck' as 'Vegas' first and only premier mobile restaurant, serving gourmet sliders made from the freshest ingredients.' Using social networking platforms like Twitter and Facebook he is able to let his customers know where he'll be parking for lunch that day, or if there has been a last minute change to the schedule because he's been booted from his post. His truck has already become the talk of the town and he's only been open since Spring, so plan on a line when you come. His colorful comic strip ride is fun to look at while you wait, but if you try to stay out of the sun when its 100 degrees out, I'd suggest coming after summer. At one point my husband and I had been semi serious about starting our own food truck, but the realization we would be in a confined space with limited AC and a flat top in the middle of summer stopped us dead in our tracks. I give Ric and his crew major points for facing this challenge, so I suppose the least we can do is wait a few minutes for a few of his tasty creations.  

The day I faced the heat I tried the Pep Pep, the Yaya, and the Pulled Porkie, of which the latter was my favorite. The pork was tender and not shredded to death, and the tangy, spicy barbecue sauce bathed it well. The caramelized jalapeno was a nice touch. The Pep Pep was good but ordinary, something like an In-n-Out Burger with a special sauce moving more in the direction of tartar than Russian. Ric also adds crispy bacon to his. The Yaya, a Greek inspired slider with feta, red onion, tomato, and taziki felt healthier than it was on account of the sharpness from the white wine vinaigrette dressing the lettuce. The flavors are great but perhaps lamb for the meat instead of angus would have been better. I can understand the constraints on using more expensive proteins, however, because his sliders are very affordable. You can get one for $3, two for $5, or three for $7. I would be willing to try any of his other sliders, but next time will pass on the limp sweet potato fries, $3. They're tossed with cinnamon and sugar, which I believe would make for a better seasoning if the sugar were replaced with salt. The sweet potatoes offer all the sugar you need, and if that's still not enough then you can munch on the whimsical fun pack of skittles Ric puts alongside your sliders.

It seems the young people starting unique food businesses in Vegas are favoring burgers. I'd much rather have these businesses than not, but it would be great if someone could come out with something a little different. Hopefully this is just the beginning of the food truck trend in Vegas and the next mobile chefs will explore other possibilities for fun, fast food. I have no doubt that Slidin' Thru will be able to hold onto the burger market for years to come, but there is still plenty of room for mobile catering growth. I look forward to seeing what kind of food truck comes next!
Another great meal at this slider truck! This time i took the kids with me. I got to try the Porkie this time and it did not disappoint! My oldest daughter had a porkie which she gobbled down and the youngest had a plain Jane and a Barbie. The sweet potato fries were as good as ever; fried to absolute perfection!!! I had a Barbie and a Porkie and will be dreaming about those caramelized jalapeños until I see this truck again!

I totally love the guy taking orders! He's so cute and overtly friendly. I mentioned yelp and got a freebie. I miss this truck already!
Life has improved in Vegas and the change came in on four wheels.  Finally.  Finally, the food truck culture of Los Angeles is invading the Vegas Valley.  And Slidin' Thru is the best of the slider trucks.  

The burger meat was decent, but the toppings made the sandwich.  One consisting of balsamic vinegar, feta cheese and spinach; one with classic cheddar and caramelized jalapeno.  And I don't have even the slightest criticism of the pulled pork slider--delicious.  Three thumbs up out of two.
In the words of Justin M. "God bless Ric and his big truck of tiny burgers."

If you want to have some of the tastiest sliders that you'll ever eat in your life, seek out the Slider Truck. If that means that you have to drive across town, DO IT. It's worth every dollar of gasoline, even in this heat. 

Their schedule is posted weekly on their website and I suggest you get there early if you want to eat. My favorite is the Pulled Porkie. Hands down, the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever eaten. I also usually get the Barbie. Can't remember exactly what's on it, but dang it's yummy. Everyone likes their sweet potato fries and they are good, but I like their regular fries the best, with salt and pepper. 

So do your stomach a favor and visit the Slider Truck....EVERY DAY.
I took my husband to the Slider Truck on Saturday for his extended birthday dining extravaganza (read: 3 days worth of eating out at new places ONLY for his gift). We were both Slider Truck virgins, in fact, he had never heard of the slider truck! 

We came early, per Yelper advice, and showed up at Sunset part at 11:30. No line, phew! He ordered FOUR sliders (we skipped breakfast on purpose :), and I ordered three. I got the Barbie, the Yaya and the Pulled Porkie. He got the Captain, Yaya, Pep Pep and the Porkie. My fave was the Barbie. His, the Porkie. 

We felt the prices were very reasonable for the amount of food we ate. All ingredients tasted very fresh, the flavor combinations were superb and the staff was very friendly. You can bet that my truck will be following the Slider Truck plenty more times.
Oh yeah, the Slider Truck is slidin' by my house tonight. These gourmet sliders are sooo good. The only bad thing is they may be slightly addictive. I don't know if I'll be able to wait another week for my slider fix. Oh well, I can always go to their website and find out where they are tomorrow.
Amazing sliders and great service. I try to go whenever its near me.
I had sliders from this glorious truck maybe two weeks ago and I am a fan! 

I ordered the Barbie and the Pep Pep. Both were very good and I recommend that everyone try it. The guy at the window was very friendly and had a lot of energy, which is probably good because that line gets really long. It was a good thing that I got there early because the line just got longer and longer.

I recommend that people go on their site to find out exactly when and where the slider truck will be. Their site also has their menu with a description of each slider.

The sliders are decently priced and decent sizes. I think an average eater can stomach about two and feel comfortably full. They serve their pop in old-school glass bottles. Love it. They also serve candy with your meal which is so cute.

I love the Slider Truck and can't wait 'til I catch it again!
ALWAYS the most perfect, delicious, quality, innovative sliders. it's a wonderful community experience that everyone walks away giddy from.
Waited in the sun for about 40 minutes or so today, but it was well worth it. 

I wanted to update this because when I ordered today, Ric remembered the first time that I came, which was about 3 months ago. I don't recall anything that made it memorable for Ric, but to me it shows how much he cares about his customers if he can remember their first visit.
Many things come to mind when I think fast food. For example: pesticide and growth hormone ridden, mass produced factory filler food, watered down and everything but tasty.  Slidin Thru is everything but, and is living proof that fast food doesn't necessarily have to be bad food. 

Since it was my first time visiting the Sliding Thru truck I did what any newbie would do...order one of everything. Saying that they were just good would be demoralizing and not only be an understatement but a culinary injustice.  These sliders were outstanding.  I could sing the praises of every slider I had, however my favorite was the "YaYa" .  Now you may be asking yourself,"whats a YaYa"?  If a gyro and a hamburger had a baby, the "YaYa" would be the offspring, and a delicious offspring at that.  One beautifully tender, tasty, saucy edible baby....mmmmm baby.  

This was also another first for me, it was the first time I've ever tried sweet potato fries.  Considering I don't like sweet potatoes, and when I say "I don't like sweet potatoes" it's just a nice way of me saying "F U, you weird mutant orange nuclear sorry excuse for a potato thing ...WTF".  With that being said I've never gone out of my way to give them a shot.  I'll be honest, I thought they were good, but I am a fan of a more traditional fry.  I felt the whole sweet and sugary thing was more of a desert than the salty, ketchup drenched french fries I grew up loving.   Now before you loyal Slidin Thru fans feel the need to mob up and march to my house waving torches and pitch forks, I can assure you I did truly like the sweet potato fries, just didn't love them.

Now hopefully you will all stop stuffing your gaping face holes with Woppers, McNuggets and other BS fast food alike and go get yourself some window love.  Here's to you SidinThru, you road bound rouge burger assassins fighting the good fight against bogus fast food.  The entire Southern Nevada region owes you their thanks for proving to them that fast food can not only just be good, but real good.
I have been going to the slider truck since the first two weeks that they fired up 'ol bessie (or whatever cliche name they have for their truck). 

First off, the food. Those not so little sliders are pretty damn good. While I have only tried three varieties, (pulled porkie, pep pep, and the frenchie) they were all worth 5 stars in my book. The sweet potato fries are my favorite, while they probably aren't as healthy as they sound, I still try to convince myself that they're healthier than regular fries (denial at it's finest).

I have to say that the food isn't what makes me a recurring customer, it is definitely the whole "food truck" experience. Every time I have slider truck I am always meeting up with friends old and new. Plus, you are bound to make friends with people in line since there always is one! If you own a business, slider tuck is a great place to network believe it or not. I also take my dog almost every time, it's hard to find places to eat out that are "dog friendly". I definitely recommend taking a friend with you so that the wait time goes by a lot quicker. 

The best part of the whole slider truck "experience" is the customer service!! Ric and crew are always upbeat and happy to serve you! Ric even knows me and my dog by name, I don't think I can go anywhere else in the city where someone will personally greet me, let alone my dog! The guys had an off night once where the grill would not work, Ric made up for it and was still able to get us our food even though we were one of the last to order before the grill breakdown. 

I really hate to say the truck has any cons but unfortunately it does. But only one and i'm sure the guys didn't know what they were in for.  The wait time can be extremely long if you don't come early and sadly if you arrive later in the schedule you might miss out. My advice would be to get there early!!! The slider truck has such a huge following that the line can get 20-30 people deep in no time, I think a stationary Slider Joint™ should be soon to come!

In the end the slider truck is a great spot when you just want to be casual and get some "fresh off the grill" grub. The guys will always have a smile on their face and you are bound to meet some interesting people in line. Check our slider truck at a stop near you!
I'd give the SliderTruck a 4 and 1/2.  They lose 1/2 a star for the wait (45 minutes in my case).  However, there is a bit of a disclaimer stating the sliders are cooked to order.

Here goes.

So I was actually planning on hitting up the Fukuburger truck tonight with a big order for my buddies at work... but that truck was 3 hours late.  I follow both on Twitter and remembered Slidin Thru was just up the road.  I get there and the line didn't seem too bad, but I guess there were a bunch of large orders (the ladies in front of me ordered TEN sliders for the two of them...my kind of girls)

Its finally my turn to get some window love and I'm left standing there for a couple of minutes before my order is taken... but its ok.  There are 3 guys working the truck and they all have that dorky but cute thing going on.  They were out of regular fries and the lady in front of me snagged the last orange Fanta in a glass bottle :(

I ordered 6 sliders (1 of everything on the menu; I figured, try the menu the first time so the next time I know which ones I REALLY liked) and an order of cinnamon sugar sweet potato fries. All to go.  The food came up quick, piping hot, and I knew everything was fresh because you could see them cooking it.

Surprisingly, the sliders were still warm when I got home about half an hour later.  Unfortunately, I got in a bit of a fender bender trying to exit the parking lot (some db orthodontist in a giant denali didnt see me in my little sebring convertible and I guess he had some emergency or something... whole other story) 

Bottom Line:
Expect to wait because the sliders are THAT good. The Barbie was good but not all it was hyped up to be. My favorites were the Eggplant Caprese and the Yaya (feta, tzatziki, white wine vinaigrette).  Sweet potato fries are a must (at least for me...)
Yummy sliders esp. the Pep Pep! Get the sweet potato fries! The most delish sweet potato fries I have EVER had!!!
If you went to go watch Martin Luther the King Jr. speak at an event, you'd be amazed at his speech skills right? How would you follow that up with something even more amazing? You can't.

That's how I felt when I last reviewed the Slider Truck. Except this time, the slider truck DID out-do itself. And it was awesome. 

I popped in after my kickball game last night (we won 20-6...dont mess with pink) and saw a line. I remembered last time that the line moved a bit slow, but it was a hot day, the truck was still within its first couple months or so of existence and I was uber hungry.

This time, the line went by fast. I mean super fast. The efficiency of the Slider Truck brought a giant smile to my belly.

I ordered two pulled porkies and a yaya. All were fantastic. The Yaya was VERY good. Try it.

One very important note to share: I used my groupon. Instead of wincing at the thought of "another cheap customer", Ric was so gracious and was happy that I took part in this Groupon promotion. He could've easily given me attitude like many businesses do when you use a coupon/groupon or the like.

The level of service, friendly attitude and genuine kindness from all Slider Truck employees made me very happy.

As I move to Phoenix in a couple weeks, I really hope that my new city has food trucks. BUT, I have no problem coming back to Vegas to visit.
What a joke.  I went to the slider truck tonight very excited, after reading all of the reviews and hearing so much about it from friends.  I waited in line for 45 minutes, put in my order, and then 10 minutes later was told that they couldn't fulfill my order.  

How about you guys actually warn people a bit before hand and let them know you're running low before having them sit in line for 30 minutes+.  Or, if you're going to say you'll be open until a certain time, keep enough stock in that little truck of yours to sustain you through the night.

This truck is obviously run by a bunch of amateurs.  I'm definitely never going back, and you can be sure as hell that I will be telling everyone I know to stay away if they don't want to waste their time.
Tonight was my tenth time going to the slider truck. I waited till now to review them as I wanted to make sure it was not a fluke and was really as good as the first time. It is and keeps getting better...I got there a little after 6 and there was already a good line 10 deep plus a few tailgaters. This location by Retro Bakery is always packed. I waited for about 20 minutes and placed my usual order. After a ten minute wait for my Porkies and Barbie I turned to eat in my car and realized that the line grew to 30+ strong easily. I was tempted to count them but the smell of my meal to be was overwhelming so I ate instead. I heard that they ran out of food and that does not surprise me. The burgers are that good and word is out so do not delay. Get there early.  They ran out of stock because it is so damn good and obviously the truck can only hold so much food. I for one would rather go to a place that runs out of food than one that always has a well stocked shelf...
Managed to catch it at First Friday where I went just so I could try these mouthwatering morsels of meat, cheese and bread.  I even brought my friend from Nova Scotia to try them.  Between 3 of us we got 6 Pep Peps and an order of fries.  We were all so stuffed!! To look at the burgers you think you can eat a dozen but 2 were filling enough that we had to walk around for some digestive help.  The meat was juicy and delicious, the bacon crisp, and they put some weird sauce on it that I couldn't identify, when I licked it off my fingers it tasted very strange but when mixed with the meats, cheese, tomato, grilled onion and pickles was totally awesome.  The only thing bad is that it does take a while to get your food and there is no place to sit to eat but good food is worth the wait. I am going to have to program their routes in my GPS so I can have access anytime as I crave these tiny but filling burgers all the time now!!!
The last time I saw 3 guys in a bus handing things to a huge crowd I woke up a week later on the Phish tour bus with a girl name Love Moonbeam...or Moon Lovebeam...or Beam Moonlove. Maybe it was Nancy.  Whatever.  It was told I had a good time. I was told I was a God.  I was told to get off the bus immediately. Damn hippies are so sensitive.  Make one Grace Slick heroin joke and suddenly you are Pol Pot. Never trust a hippie. Always wash any midget you come in contact with. Two things that will serve you well dear readers.

Well, what does this brief moment with the unwashed have to do with anything? I don't know. I just swallowed two green pills I found in an alley way I woke up in last night. (Another long story, but it begins as all long stories do...with a fist full of cash and a woman of ill-repute.)  So, before I nod off or run 15 miles backwards again...I will continue with my words of love, food, and tiny microbes that live in our brains.

So, everywhere Rex has hung his hat, his lovely purple feathered hat, one constant thing I hear is "how the hell did you find us?"  After that is how good the Slider Truck is.  Slider Truck. Screams as they run. Faint murmurs of Slider Truck. Silence. Time and time again. The same pattern.  I know why they scream, I didn't understand the Slider Truck obsession.  Well, Rex is no stranger to herpes and taking food from strangers in a vehicle.  Usually with those two things I see a cause and effect.  Thankfully this time I didn't have to do anything untoward, just pay money and the food came.

So me and my favorite part time wench went to a park in Henderson to try this local phenomenon.  I got into line. The line barely moved. I waited. The line barely moved. I waited 30 minutes and I was not much closer. Rex became angry. Rex became incensed. Rex cried out to the skies. Rex cried.  After an hour, two beatings, and a slight case of heat stroke I arrived at the window. I had gone to their website and studied their menu. I knew what I wanted. I ordered like a pro. The kid who took my order smiled brightly and called me his hero. I blushed. Me and my sometimes intimate partner I only have to pay scale moved over to wait some more.  We ordered 1 Barbie, 2 Pep Pep and 3 Pulled Porkies. We added drinks and the sweet potato fries.  We waited some more. It took time. Rex hates waiting and this has tried my patience and my left hook to the point of exhaustion.  Finally the food came. We celebrated. We danced. She cried out of her non-glass eye.  It was a beautiful day, only about 200 degrees outside. We sat under a tree. The food smelled great.  

I ate the Barbie and the BBQ sauce was great and the caramelized jalapeno balanced the sweetness.  The Pep Pep was like an attempt at a gourmet Big Mac. The sauce was very familiar and very tasty. Tangy and sweet. It was good. Then the pulled pork. Tender pork, bbq sauce and a little heat from the jalapeno. I ate one of the sweet potato fries and then put about 75% of the container in my mouth at one time.  The verdict...decidedly mixed.  I admire these kids and their attempts to recreate the food trucks of other cities...but it needs to be more than just clever and right now this is just clever. The star of the show was the pulled pork, and why...it was the  only thing that wasn't overcooked. It wasn't sauced enough and it needed a little more flavor in the pork when it was cooking, but overall it was very good. The bun has a bit of grease on it and that made it very buttery. That was nice.  The burgers had the potential to be amazing, but they just weren't. They were so far overcooked that the Barbie I had was like a hockey puck. The Pep Pep was very good but again over cooked and under sauced. I loved the fries. They were well done and relatively inventive. Salt, sugar and spice. Excellent. Another surprise flavor could have really stepped it up a notch, but I am not going to nitpick. 
I want to like these guys, I want to support them. But when I spend almost 30 bucks on dinner I better get more than some really over cooked meat.  The portions were "slider" size but the prices were gourmet (3 for 7 bucks), and the execution was decidedly NOT gourmet. 

I think the worse thing I can say is that given the wait, the overcooked meat and the lack of some basic fundamentals with the food I can't say I would come back. If I didn't have to wait an hour I would eat there again, but right now the town is obsessed with novelty food that lacks sophistication...why should I spoil that for them.  To me this is like dating a supermodel without a vagina...slightly depressing, terribly irritating and not worth the time you put into it. You want to love her, but you can't.

You can love Rex. Try as hard as you can. Rex can't love you.
Just visited again on Thursday 8/12/10.  This time, I got to the truck around 11:30 and very minimal wait.  Plus I had a groupon!  Aside from the fact that these little burgers are soo delicious, the guys are always welcoming and friendly.  Best customer service in town hands down.  I love you slider truck!
I really hate to do this, but today was a serious wtf on behalf of the Slider Truck.

Got to the Lakes location at 5:55, they were supposed to be there at 6 PM. There was already quite a line, but it didn't look like more than 30 minute wait. We didn't wait 30 minutes. We waited 45 minutes and only moved 15 feet with about 20 people ahead of us still. Matt and I did not get food tonight. 

You know why we didn't get food? We overheard that some lady up front ordered TWO DOZEN sliders. When you are a business that makes items as they're ordered and you see a crazy-long line, you have to draw the line somewhere. Seriously, it should be 6 sliders per customer, period. TWO DOZEN. Who the hell needs 24 sliders?? You should not be ordering for friends or family, you need to drag their butts down there so you can stare at all the people glaring at you for holding them up from eating. 

I don't think we would have been served in an hour and a half, and there's no way that the Slider Truck is worth that kind of wait. Half hour tops. And that is usually all I have to wait if not less. But once it gets past an hour, it gets ridiculous. 

I'm seriously thinking about selling my Groupon that I have for them because the wait times have gone up like crazy and I don't think I'll be able to use it anytime soon. 

Oh and P.S. Anyone who cuts the line at the Slider Truck, you have a separate circle in hell waiting for you.
The Slider Truck has garnered some immediate successes upon their opening early this summer, and well worth it.  You can't help but notice their truck as they go sliding on through!  It's completely painted brightly with cartoon-like images.

My first experience with them was after the Las Vegas AIDS Walk where we had the Slider Truck pretty much to ourselves.  There was no wait really to put in our order, so that was definitely something we appreciated.  At the time, they were still experimenting with different burgers, so we only had a few to choose from.

One thing we did like from the start was the Pep Pep, which has sauteed onions, crisp bacon, fresh lettuce and tomato, melted cheese on top of a juicy patty along with their super sauce.

They also had the Pulled Porkie during that time, which has layers of pork on top of the toasted buns.  

We also tried the Barbie had cheese and bacon over the burger, along with plenty of barbecue sauce.

For the price you pay, there is definitely a lot of meat in between those two buns and it's a moist burger too.  We've paid more for a lot less - quantity and taste-wise, so this was a welcome addition to Vegas.

Our next experience was on a Friday night and long lines were known to be found where the Slider Truck was.  In this case, there was indeed a line, but it was really the people gathering and waiting for their burgers.  It was a good 45 minutes before we got our burgers.  Ric came out from the truck to apologize for the long wait and some kid piped up, "It's worth the wait!"  That pretty much sums it up!

Overall, we love the Slider Truck and the idea behind it.  Sure, waiting 45 minutes for a burger brings the wait for truck food to a whole new level.  We'll keep our eyes out for this truck, but we'll have to watch our clock too at the same time.  We definitely want to see Ric and his crew do well.  Owners who care about their customers and are genuinely excited about what they are doing is something we should all support!
I thought the prices were a bit steep. I drove a nice distance just so i could try the pork and after waitng in line for a good 20 min i was tols they had no pork that day. This wasn't mentioned on FB nor did they tweet this ahead of time. It was an average slider experience to me. I am thankful of their popularity and can't wait for more food truck to hit the scene like in LA.
Experienced it for the first time today, both at the Summerlin Center location and behind Yogurtland. My coworkers and I beat the rush in the morning and everyone loved what they got. I had the Yaya and the Porkie for lunch, which is good because they were out of those by dinner. Both were absolutely excellent. For dinner I had the Barbie and Pep Pep. Barbie was probably the weakest of the four, though still quite good. Pep had great sauce. Both varieties of fries were good too!

I wasn't sure what to expect from prices until I got there, and was pleasantly surprised. For $7 I can get two sliders and fries, which is the perfect amount of food (maybe even too many fries, so it's good for sharing). Can't complain about that!

Hopefully these guys have some plans to move toward accepting credit cards, because I saw a few people bail from the evening line when they found out it was cash only. Maybe I missed it but it wasn't clearly posted on the signage, which might help, or on the website. But that's truly the only criticism I have. Looking forward to the next time they're nearby!
My wife heard about this truck from a friend and insisted that we stop in when it made it out to our neck of the woods in Henderson. Boy am I glad we did! Absolutely bomb. We got two Barbies, a Porkie, and the Eggplant Caprese. We also split an order of sweet potato fries.

First, we got lots of fist pounding love at the window. Always a great way to start a food adventure. Follow that with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle, and a fresh order of sliders, and we were good.

The sweet potato fries were hot, crispy, and dusted with cinnamon and sugar. The Barbies were a letter-perfect combination of smoky, crunchy sweet onion and bacon, with a perfect patty and cheese. The pulled pork was succulent and juicy, with good seasoning. 

We were full, but I almost got back in the line to get more Barbies...It was that good.
Window Love is truly an experience everyone in Vegas should have at least once in their lives(or per week, whichever you choose). Fellow yelper Seth Y. and I were talking about how we could never find this place and the one time we decided to check the website it turns out they were less than 10 minutes away on S. Fort Apache.

Once we got there the line was filled with a younger crowd camped out for burger goodness and although the wait was a bit long I could not have been happier to wait. The guys in the truck make sure the crowd is kept entertained and after you are done ordering the food truly speaks for itself.

I won't bore anyone with talk of the food itself because I'm pretty sure a 5 star rating screams credibility about the food. All I will say is try a variety of sliders and make sure to get the fries you won't be disappointed one bit. I hope they keep on slidin thru for years to come.
I really admire what these guys are doing especially in the high desert of Las Vegas.  It is another facet that adds to the the sin cities list as not only a gamblers paradise but a food mecca as well with omg some developing culture.  Well at least a little, we probably need a few more generations and some starving artists needs to be the next Picasso.

Trying to find these guys was fine.  Standing in line was not a problem I've waited longer on hold with banks and airlines.  We had the barbie, pep, pulled pork and captain's burgers / sliders.  Sounds like a lot but you gotta try everything if your going to wait in a line.  The smell, taste and style was almost reminiscent of the food that you see at carnivals or town fairs.  

I love the burgers cooked on the outdoor grill at the farmer's market in SF.  The Slider Truck cooked everything decently and the flavors worked well.  Jut not overly impressed with the food.  Simple, done right but nothing innovative.  Didn't care for the pork which normally I love pig over beef.  

A little tired of bbq sauce on burgers, there are a billions different styles and recipes, but at the end of the day they all have the same flavor elements which would taste good on anything chicken, steak, fries etc.  Doesn't make it great.
I thought Window Love would involve a lot more penetration; the only thing I got was a fist bump. What the fuck, slider truck?

I kid, I kid. There's so much to say about this fantastic meal on wheels... it's an easy 10 on the food boner scale. Delicious meaty cheesy carmelized onion laden sliders. Pulled pork that merits pulling your pork.

I don't see any reason not to give the truck 5 stars. The food was phenomenal, they've got a unique thing going on, and the girls that were ordering from the slider truck were perfect eye candy. I mean, some seriously hot chicks were getting some seriously delicious food. Slider Truck, more like Slider 'n Fuck, M I RITE GUYS?

But seriously, these sliders will cure your erectile dysfunction.
This truck is the greatest. Gourmet sliders ( beef, pork, veggie ), fresh cut fries and sweet potato fries and tall glass bottles of Coke.  They move around town but post their schedule on the website.  I always get them on Wednesday in Henderson. I am trying to get them to add a stop at Henderson Chevy in the Automall.  Chevy has given the thumbs up for Slidin Thru to park there any time they want.
So, my hubster, our daughter and I roll up to the parking lot behind the Yogurtland the other night to see what these guys are all about.....  There was a long line, so we figured it was worth the wait.  We were surrounded by a few regulars.... 40 Minute wait, but totally worth it!!!  We got the Barbie, Pep Pep,  Captain's Order and the Plain Jane (for our daughter)... So juicy and delicious!!!  We also tried the Sweet Potato Fries and those were outstanding!!!!  They shook the truck after we gave them a tip... of course we got Window Love before  and after we got our order.... These guys are doing something right...  Voted for them 10 times on the Web and our cell phones!!! =)
Much love for the slider truck.  Had the Pep Pep, Capn, and Ya Ya.  And I like them in that order.  Fries were good too. May try to track them down tomorrow, if not, Friday in Summerlin definitely.
I signed up for yelp just so I could give a five star review for slider truck.
  

Last night in front of sunrise coffee I experienced the slider truck for the first time.  I am now a fan. 

The windows  of the truck look like comic book panels and they look like a moving comic book.  I came up to the window and was greeted with a fist bump.  I asked them to make the barbie with no cheese or bacon, and grilled eggplant instead of meat-- they were happy to make it, no problem. I also ordered sweet potato fries with extra cinnamon and sugar.  My food was so good! Next time, probably five sliders-- just the same but with lots of crispy onions!  Sweet potato fries too, extra love please.  I'm hungry. :]]]  See you guys again soon!
My husband waited in line for 1 1/2 hours for 3 sliders. He never waits that long for food, and he raved about this place. He is a burger connoisseur. Me, not so much. I get my occasional cravings, but nothing to his extent. The Pep Pep and the Pulled Porkie are my favorites. I've tried everything but the Captain's order. Everything is delicious. They also have Mexican Coke's! That is ALWAYS a plus for me. If you're not wanting to wait in line, get there 40 minutes early, and get in line. You won't have to wait long if you're in the front or close. Otherwise, don't go hungry.
I LOVE THESE SLIDERS!!!!!! They came to my work place a few months ago and I've been hooked ever since! I actually check on their site every Monday to see where they will be that week so that I can drive to them and get my slider fix!!!
The staff is always energetic and friendly!! I've tried other sliders in Las Vegas, but hands down... they are the freshest (is that a word? :) LOL) in town!!!!! Keep up the good work guys!!!
I had Slider Truck on my to do list for several months. I am an amazing procrastinator and I put off several opportunities to track down the Slider Truck. That is until it came to Sunrise Coffee one evening earlier this month. I love Sunrise Coffee so for me it was the perfect opportunity to finally check out and cross the Slider Truck off my "to do list."

As a comic Book geek, I loved the comic book  truck design.  At the time I went there was only about 12 or 15 people in line and it moved along fairly quickly considering everything was made to order. 

I ordered 2 Eggplant Caprese sliders and Sweet Potato fries and my friend ordered 3 sliders (2 Pep Pep and a Barbie). My veggie sliders were very good.  My friend really enjoyed his sliders a lot too. I would give the food a solid 4 stars. I am giving Slider Truck 5 stars for the cool design of the truck, the fact that they serve Mexican Coca-Cola and not  Pepsi products,  and the super rad personalities who work on the truck. It's an added bonus to order from a food truck and not worry about getting the swine flu or hepatitis. Clean is good as are veggie options.

I was feeling pretty special for being greeted with a fist bump until Krystal C. mentioned she received a fist bump as well. I guess the Slider Truck is in the business of making everyone feel special. 

Very good food, veggie options and great people are all reasons I will be giving my business to the Slider Truck again. I'm a fan!
Q:  Is it possible for slider truck to get better? 

A:  Yes, add more crispy fried onions to my regular order. 


I cant ask for much more after a long day of work than to have my favorite food truck parked in front of my favorite coffee shop in town.  

Thanks for dinner, guys!
I thought these sliders were excellent.  The creativity of the combinations was really great and I enjoyed each one.  When I say each one I mean it.  My friend and I ordered and shared all six of the choices (I don't count the Plain Jane).  They were all very delicious!  The guy taking orders was very friendly which is very important.  I thought that both kinds of fries were great and I love Sweet Potato Fries!  

I read some of the other reviews before I wrote mine and I think some of you people need to get over yourselves.  Somebody giving a bad review because someone ordered two dozen sliders?  Really?  That's ridiculous.  I will agree with most of the other reviewers in concerns with the wait time.  It really didn't bother me but I think these guys should throw some more burgers down when they see a line.  I just think that the food really outweighed the negative of the wait time and people should think about this when reviewing. 

I will definitely find this place again!
I never thought I would have or want to chase food down in Las Vegas with all of the options we have. This however is not just another moving target. First off the guy's have great positive energy going on! When's the last time you went for burgers and everyone was laughing and treating the customers with the same fun and enthusiasm. My wife and I drove up into the designated meet zone (I felt like I might have been meeting someone else more dangerous) and a boy about 7 or 8 sees the truck and starts freaking out!  He was screaming DAD, DAD THEY'RE HERE! it was a LOL moment for sure. I have tried all of the sliders and they are all great. I love the sweet potato fries and the orange soda. BTW how much sugar is in that? I don't have any tips for the crew but one for the first lady in line last night. When there are 20 people in line behind you please don't try and recreate their menu. The guy was very nice and said he didn't have what you were trying to order. End of story no reason keep grinding on him trying to get what you want. Look they have burgers and fries pick one or two and go with it.
Well I just moved back to Vegas following a stint in food truck-crazed Los Angeles, so I was kinda excited to see the trucks catching on in LV. I finally got off my lazy butt and tracked down the Slider Truck this week - turns out they were right down the street from my house - sweet! My husband and I proceed to the meetup point about 6:20 (they opened at 6:00), and there is a short line, maybe 10 people. "No big deal," we thought, "We've waited in lines twice as long for Philly steaks from a truck, asian tacos from a truck, hot dogs from a truck, and even bbq from a truck back in LA." Little did we know the process going on inside the slider truck would be so RIDICULOUS! Honestly, I really don't know what they're doing in there, but it took 30 minutes just for us to ORDER and then almost 15 more minutes to receive the food. How long can it take to cook those tiny pieces of meat??? Yeah, I read the sign that says "please be patient, burgers are cooked to order," but Burger King doesn't cook my burger until I order it either, and I think they could have served that entire line in less than 10 mins.

For the actual food: the burgers and fries are pretty good and filling, and I liked the interesting list of burgers. Actually, because the burgers were good, I'm really giving it 2.5 stars, but I had to round down. Sorry.

Price: ok. I mean, the food is good, but you are eating it in a parking lot, so you would think their overhead would be lower.

Service: I don't get why everyone raves about the service. I mean, yeah, the guy at the window gives you a fist pound before you order, but seriously. I would have taken no fist pound if it meant I got my dinner 5 or 10 (or 40!) minutes faster.

Bottom line: If it's a good fast burger you want, Fatburger is faster. If it's interesting toppings you want, Bachi Burger or Grind or Burger Bar have a larger selection. If it's a cheap burger you want, In-n-Out is less than half the price. And all of these options will provide you with a table, chairs, and air conditioning while you enjoy your food!
On the other hand, if you want the novelty of eating from a truck, go here once, but just know what you're getting into....
I was so looking forward to the experience until I got there.  We stood in line for 45 minutes while only about 15 people got food.  It seemed the workers were more interested in having fun than getting the food to the consumer.  By the time we got to the front they were out of the pork, I don't eat red meat, so I got the eggplant.  We ordered regular fries and they were out.  I much prefer Flow Rider Truck.  The people were friendly and helpful.
Again, I was looking out for my office and noticed the slider truck was at Costco, which is about 30 seconds away!  Everyone ordered sliders, including the P90x fanatic.  He was willing to break his diet to finally try the slider truck.

I had: Pulled Porkie, Barbie and Caprese.  This was my first time trying the Caprese, and I have to say, I didn't love it, but maybe that's because eggplant can only be so good in comparison to delicious meat!  

Believe the hype.  Ric and the guys rock!  Nothing makes your day better like a good fist bump.  If you haven't been to the slider truck yet, get on the bandwagon and go.  Just leave a Pulled Porkie for me!
I think I need HELP,
Cuz I'm addicted to YELP!
Although.....
Now that I've tried,
The sweet potato fries,
I have finally arrived
You have answered my cries
For sliders, OH MY!
OH WHY! haven't I tried,
The Slider Truck
TILL NOW! 
 
After I discovered the Slider Truck on here earlier this week, I knew I had to try it.  I was so determined that I dragged my Grandparents, that were in town visiting, down to First Friday, just so we could find the truck.  As luck would have it, we had the same amount of people in our group, as they had sliders.  So we tried one of each and a bag of sweet potato fries, which was a mistake... WHY ONLY ONE :-0?  They are the BEST I'VE EVER ATE, and they made for the perfect dessert!

All I know, is I can't wait to go back and get a bag all to myself :~}!
NOT impressed by the least. Service sucks and food is far from being noteworthy, especially by today's specialty burger standards. I waited in line to order for 40+ min and then another 15+ min for the food. The line was nowhere long enough to warrant that kind of wait. Out of the 4 or 5 different sliders that we ordered, none of them screamed delicious! We also got super salty regular fries instead of the sweet potato fries we ordered. I was ready and willing to vote them on for The Great Food Truck Race, but quickly changed my mind. Ya the guy was friendly and all, but a fist pump won't satisfy my starving tummy. Coming from LA, where food trucks took over, this truck needs to step it up if it wants to be worthy of competition.
After hearing so much about Slidin' Thru, we were excited to try it. On one hot summer evening, it set up shop within a few miles of home, so this was our chance to check it out. Alas it was not to be. We waited about half an hour to place our order and another 20 minutes, all during 100 degree temps, but ended up without any food due to a malfunctioning propane tank. Ric graciously refunded our money and even comp'd our order for next time.

Several days later we returned to try again. We were 5th in line and received our food about 25 minutes later.

Our favorites were the Captain's Order and the Barbie. They were tasty and well prepared. However, the other sliders let us down. The bacon in the Pep Pep was far too salty. The Eggplant Caprese lacked flavor and was in dire need of some kind of seasoning or even just salt. The Yaya was their Greek slider, but the tzatziki sauce made everything soggy and unappetizing. As for the Pulled Porkie, some of the pork and buns were burnt to the point of being inedible. We did enjoy the sweet potato fries which were tossed with cinnamon sugar.

Ric has promising ideas on his menu but has issues with consistency and execution of those ideas. At $7 for 3 small sliders, we don't think the value is there. We have had larger and/or better tasting sliders for less and in nicer environs. While the service is very friendly and enthusiastic, the food quality simply does not justify the long wait times to place and then receive your order. We really want to like this place and support local entrepreneurs, but right now there are too many issues to draw us back.
Had the barbie and the captains order...freakin amazing...literally too yummy for words. Ric hooked us up too, which was appreciated as broke college students...highly recommend!!!
Fantastic food truck experience!

These guys are the real deal and serve some high quality sliders in record time.  We caught them during the lunch hour traffic and it was clear they love doing what they do.

The slider (or mini hamburger) options are quite plentiful but we opted for two burger styles, the Barbie and Captain's Order.  Both were delicious with tender hamburger meat and delicious toppings of bacon, balsamic vinegar, or cheese.

The third slider choice was the Porkie's or Pulled pork slider.  Absolutely the best pulled pork sandwich I've had.  This was worth the drive to find them alone.  

We topped our orders with an order of sweet fries (piping hot and sprinkled with cinnamon (yum!)) as well as two 1 litter ice cold soda pops on the house!  

Perfect meal and a perfect food truck experience.  Look for these guys off the strip and look out for their 2nd truck coming soon!

I believe they accept cash only.
After eating here more times than I can count on my fingers and toes, I decided to finally write a review. Not being a huge fan of burgers, I was hesitant about the slider truck. Little did I know it would become one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.

Let's start with the different types of burgers.

Barbie
A BBQ burger  topped with onion crisps, bbq sauce, and jalapenos.
This is probably my favorite. The slight spice from the jalapenos makes this amazing. The BBQ sauce pops because of it.

Pulled Porkie
A BBQ pulled pork slider with jalapenos in the sauce. 
Delicious pork. Same sauce as the Barbie. Again with the jalapenos. So good.

Pep Pep
A classic burger with lettuce, tomato, cheese, bacon, onion and a "special" sauce.
Get this if your looking for a classic cheese burger, with an extra touch of flavor.

YaYa
Kind of like a gyro. Burger that has a really tasty tzatziki sauce with lettuce onion and tomato.

Captains 
A burger with bacon, arugula, tomato, feta cheese, onion and balsamic.
This one is also delicious.

Eggplant Caprese
This is the only vegetarian choice on the menu. 
Eggplant, tomato, mozzarella, balsamic, and basil. Very fresh tasting. The eggplant has been huge on multiple occasions.

Burgers are 1 for $3, 2 for $5, or 3 for $7.
Drinks - $2
Fries - $2 - Sweet Potato or Regular (Standard fries)

These burgers are not tiny. 3 are more than filling. You need to go to their website to get a schedule for the week. 
www.slidinthru.com

They only take CASH. No cards.

All of the burgers are excellent. The staff is extremely friendly.
Go here NOW!
I've been to slider truck three times now and each experience has been better than the last. I wanted to post this because of my last experience why is the reason slider truck is the stone cold nuts.

I showed up at about 8 and waited in line for about 30 min until they ran out of burgers. At that point I wasn't too mad seeing that I love their porkies just as much as I love (legal)high school girls. After placing my order I gave them my debit card and at that moment completely forgot they only take cash. Luckily these guys are the shit and they gave me a free meal and I made sure to pay them double next week plus a nice tip. Where else could you have service like that? Only at the slider truck!

P.S. Barbie plus porkie may not be on the menu but for an extra dollar it'll provide you a full stomach and a massive food boner. Oh yeaaaa
Yeah, I was a little skeptical about eating "gourmet" burgers out of a truck, but I cannot hate, they were delicious! My friend from work had been stalking the Slider Truck all week because they were going to be near our office.  Well, I had absolutely NO intention of going- until she came back singing their praises- and offered me one of her sweet potato fries.  After that, I had to go! They were crisp, yet soft in the middle, bursting with flavor and only intensified by the brown sugar on top. So much for the diet!

I got some cash, then went to wait in line.  It was probably a 20 minute wait from ordering till I got my food, but it was worth it.  The guys were so much fun, and gave you a fist bump as you walked up. They were pumping Wu Tang, and rocked the bus and blew the horn when you gave them a tip. 

And the food...Reasonably priced, and delicious. I got the Barbie, which was my favorite (BBQ sauce,onion crisps, bacon, cheese), and the Captain's Order (balsamic vingerette, feta cheese, bacon), which was a close second. 2 sliders for $5.  The sweet potato fries, of course.($3) I couldn't stop eating them, and was tempted to put the bag to my mouth and eat the sugar, too.  I sat in my car  and scarfed everything down in shame.  Eight dollars well spent!
Finally, finally made it to Slider Truck after the mishap back in April.  The ONLY reason why is that they came to UNLV for the UNLV Beverage Club.  Otherwise, they never seem to go anywhere near central/east side so I decided this was worth the wait.  I worked out with my trainer, showered, and stood outside for 45 minutes de-showering in the hot sun for this.  The guy who took orders (not Ric) was great, wearing a UNLV hat, very outgoing.  He said it was not a crime to get the Barby without bacon, and I said I was looking forward to the jalepenos.

I also got the yaya and the caprese.  Once I ordered, the food came out very fast.  I got back to my office RIGHT when my shift started, and started eating.  Prices are fine, food was HOT, and the taste was great.  My sadness came with the lack of ANY jalepenos on the barby.  We had talked about it (I told the guy I was from Texas and I like spicy food, and that he can double the peppers to replace the bacon I didn't want).  So I guess after seeing caramelized jalepenos on the menu for 6 months, I was sad when I didn't end up with any.  Otherwise, it was fun, got it out of my system, tipped them so they all yelled, "TIP THE TRUCK" and shook it, and enjoyed what I ate.  A-OK.

UPDATED 02/2011: Went back when it was near Greenspun media recently.  Girl in front of me tipped and got tip the truck luv, and I tipped and got ignored.  I ordered barby no bacon, yaya, and the special mango chutney chicken no bacon (glad he told me it had bacon) - nevertheless both sliders had bacon on them that were not supposed to.  I took the bacon off and tried the sliders.  The chicken was rotisserie style so it had a nice flavor, but mango chutney was kind of gummy.  The caramelized jalepenos I waited so long for were just like diced and nothing special.  So not only did I end up with bacon, I ended up ILL.  Not good for the next 2 days.  I definitely got this out of my system, literally and figuratively.
Last Friday they were behind Yogurtland on West Flamingo near the 215 from 6-9pm.

We got there promptly at 6 and we met a crowd waiting for these infamous sliders. The wait was about 35-minutes. Had we shown up closer to 7:00 we would've been better off the line was practically non-existent when we left. 

We were greeted warmly when we placed our order, we each chose three sliders ($7) and we shared an order of sweet potato fries ($3). A short wait, later, we carried off our grub and we were anxious to dig in.

First up were the Barbie, Pep Pep and Yaya. The Yaya, with tzatziki and feta was our least favorite. The other two were quite good, but it was the Barbie, with carmelized jalapenos that we enjoyed most.

I like my sweet potato fries savory rather than sweet. So, it was unfortunate that the fries were dusted with cinnamon and sugar.

Next were the Captain's Order, Caprese and Pulled Porkie. From these, we liked the Pulled Porkie best. The Caprese was a nice veggie option, but it would have been better if the eggplant was more tender. The balsamic on the Captain's Order overpowered the other flavors.

If I happen to be hungry and at the right place at the right time, I'd try Slidin' Thru again, I'd order a trio of the Barbie, Pep Pep and Pulled Porkie.
What a great experience.  Not just great sliders, with a hefty portion of meat for a slider (at least the first normal-thickness patty I have ever seen on a slider!), but the crew on the truck is pretty awesome.  Fun and into what they do.  Tried the Captain's special, the Barby and sweet potato fries.  Just great flavors, well cooked perfection.  If you like a decent burger, I would recommend a stop by the truck.
After failing to catch up with Ric and his crew on numerous occasions, I was happy to see the Slider Truck sitting at the fall festival at Fresh52 Farmers Market. Thankfully we got there early enough that not much of a line had formed yet. I already knew what I wanted.  I had been contemplating it after reading so many reviews.  I ordered the Barbie, Pep Pep and the Pulled Porkie. I also got an order of french fries and a plain slider with ketchup for my son. I have to say that they were some of the yummiest sliders I've tasted yet.  The Pulled Porkie was definitely the favorite but the others were really good. too. My son even finished his.  The fries were nothing special but were cooked just right with a good amount of crisp.  I'll be on the lookout for the awesomeness that is the Slider Truck. Definitely something worth trying for those who love burgers.
i was reading some of the reviews of my fellow yelpers and i was surprised to see i forgot to write my own review ( strange thing is i was sure i wrote one ! ) 

I've tried the slider truck at least 5 times now from their early days of being on side streets in industrial areas, the gun store on trop, and the latest was the farmers market.  It's been a roller coaster of experiences in that even though the food has been consistently very good to excellent, at times the service ( and not just long lines ) is inconsistent.  

what you gotta admire about these guys is the good attitude, the positive vibe and basically being the 1st to crack the specialty food truck trend in Las Vegas.  And I'm thankful they selected a food i truly enjoy - Sliders ! 

The barbie and the pulled pork are still my favs 

Long live the slider truck !
MMmmmmm, that pulled porkie.  You've got me by my heart.  It's a perfect balance.  I can't really remember what the other sandwiches are like but this one is truly memorable.
I finally caught up to the truck this weekend @ the comic fest at the Library on Flamingo. There were 3 different trucks there offering food. So of course I had to have some sliders. And just like Misti said..u get a fist pump from the nicest guy working there. I order the Pep Pep and was surprised at how juicy it was. And the sauce that they use is amazing and they don't drown it either. It was just right! The hubby had to do a special order cuz he is a bit picky and they had no problem with that. He was thrilled they made it perfectly. He ate them all! We had sodas from them to wash it all down. I love that they have the retro glass bottles! We are gonna try to hit them up weekly since there are so many more I want to try.
I heard about this place from Mix 94.1 FM host Mercedes (of Mark & Mercedes in the morning- I listen to this show every weekday morning BTW). It sounded really good plus Mercedes was talking about how excited that the truck was visiting their building vicinity (almost like a child on Christmas morning). I saw this truck at First Friday the last two months, but wasn't sure it was the same one (it was). My husband's uncle also said that they have really good sliders (also said that if you're a newbie, they rock the truck). So, it was a group of five of us. Everyone got sliders but I (not my husband) only had the sweet potato fries. Before you ask, "Why not?"- my husband is on a weight maintenance plan (he lost 110 pounds and has kept it off for 3 + years- it was not a cheat day for him- my husband told me to remind me to make that FF a cheat day for him, because he really wanted to try the sliders). I practice moderation. 

Anyway, the sweet potato fries were in a paper bag, a good amount/size (enough for two people to share), sprinkled with cinnamon- mmm, yummy. I love sweet potato fries- anytime that's one of the options on the menu, I get them. They were slightly crispy but not mushy (I hate that- if you get the frozen kind to prepare at home, it's tricky getting them to crisp, anyway, I digress.) The cinnamon was unexpected but gave it a nice flavor boost. I didn't think that it needed dipping sauce like ketchup or ranch. I didn't finish them- took the rest home. 

Our friends (two first-timers) liked the sliders- good size, fluffy buns- looked like hawaiian rolls my husband commented, and reasonably priced- $7 for three sliders (the other options around were rather pricey, for example $10 for BBQ). A good sign is that they were all kinda quiet, while eating- kinda like that Carl Jr's commercial "Don't bother me- I'm eating." There are a few variations- about four or five options on the sliders. Yup, I really want to try 'em for myself, the next time we're at FF, assuming that they'll be there (here's hoping). From the looks of the long line, it was a good sign that this was a solid reputable place to get food. Since it's a truck, no formal seating, of course, so some of us stood, while some of us used the curb.
Ric and the guys...and a few gals that were chillin come through big... I walk around work talking about the slider truck and how delicious it is and once they all try it they wont want another burger... It has happend.

We close down our store every year for SEMA and I have a friend that had a few cars in the show so I had a chance to walk through the night before the show opend and low and behold I spoted the "TRUCKS". I let the guys at work know that lunch was at the slider Truck..  

The area where the truck was opened at 9 and off we went direclty for the sliders.... Okay okay, I know 9am is a little early for slider goodness but we were excited. We ended up running into Ric and the crew and they let us know that the window was opne for Love at 10am. 

At 10 we were the first in line. We ordered our delicious meals and the window love began.. As the burgers came out we started to get down and man oh man I think they get better every time. 

Now, obvioulsy I am raving about it and I like the slider truck but the guy behind us in line ordered some sliders and they came out cooked perfectly just like ours a very slight amount of pink with all the juices flowing and this mellow dramatic cowboy from texas, which he had to make known, freaked out and spit out his mouth full of slider and threw his sliders down and threw a gigantic fit... Well I guess they do say everything is bigger in texas. No worries Ric, we were ready to take him out. You knwo what they say about texes theres only 2 things that come from there... And I know damn well he was no steer..
I have to echo Jim S. (and not just because I married him).  I was skeptical of getting all excited and actually driving across town to go to a food truck . . . but it is worth the drive (if you are not lucky enough to have them come to a site near you).  

I enjoy being able to have a taste of a few different types of burgers without the guilt of pigging out (that reminds me, try the pulled pork!).  The sweet potato fries are yummy.  

Yes, we were crazy enough to bring our own table and chairs when grabbing some burgers in an office park parking lot . . . the food is well worth an impromptu picnic!

So, check their schedule and be sure to get there early (before the mystery burger of the day is sold out!).
We went to Slidin Thru a few months ago. We got there around 6:10 and had about a thirty minute wait. 

There were seven sliders to choose from. We got one of each slider except the Plane Jane and split them. They were all very good. I love that you can try a bunch of burgers since they are so small. 

We also got the sweet potato fries which were good but sweet enough to be more of a dessert than a side. 

It was worth the wait to try something new, though I don't know that I'd wait that long next time.
Wish there were more than 5 stars to give! The Slider Truck is not only insanely delicious and worth the drive to any part of town they happen to be on, but its also really cheap! You must try the Captain...and their sweet potato fries are to die for. Seriously...check these guys out!!!!
I feel like this is one of those reviews where I really have nothing new to add. I've patronized the Slider Truck about 5 times so far and am a big fan.

Overall, I would say the Pep Pep and Captain's Order are my favorites. The Pep Pep is just classic - special sauce, melted cheese, bacon, etc. It's the best kind of yummy traditional burger to me. The Captain's Order is unique with the arugula, bacon, and balsamic reduction. The balsamic reduction adds so much to the flavors of the burger.

The burgers themselves are cooked to perfection. So often, sliders are over-cooked, but not these. These sliders have just the right amount of thickness and juiciness.

And I have to give major props for not only the concept of a slider truck, but also for the fact that you can order just 1 slider or 5 sliders that are each different. With pretty much everywhere else that has sliders, you just get 3 or 4 of the same mini-burger - you can't get just 1 or 2, and you definitely can't mix and match different burgers.

Overall, this is a solid experience and I will keep coming back.
Best sliders in Vegas!! What else beats FRESH MADE SLIDERS?? Reasonable prices for great food, will definitely be stopping by for a bite next time we're in Vegas. 

I would highly recommend that you get to wherever they will be EARLY, the lines can get long and the smell will get your stomach churning!!
Our friend had never tried the Slider Truck and we thought it was the perfect opportunity to take his S.T. virginity. As soon as he got off work we rallied and rushed over to their spot for the night.

We stood in line for over 45 minutes and left empty handed. Not only that, we were insulted by the sheer greediness of some people.

It was happy hour; $1 everything. There was a big crowd but everyone was being pleasant, politely waiting their turn to gobble some slider goodness. Since they were at Sunrise Coffee, people were dipping into the shop and getting coffee while waiting. 

After 45 minutes, the slider guys announce that they "have 40, count 'em FORTY sliders left! Don't be greedy, please, and there'll be enough for everyone!! :D"

We see an old woman leave with at least 9 sliders and a big snot-eating grin. And then- "SOLD OUT!"

Within TWO customers, they went through FORTY sliders. Whuuuuuuuuhhhh?!

Fact is, we probably wouldn't have been able to get a slider even if people only ordered 2-3 each. Any time you wait that long, it can be annoying, but I'm not really upset about leaving empty handed. We were all insulted by the fact that as soon as they announced the shortage, some greedy individuals felt the need to swipe up ALL of the remaining sliders for themselves. Obviously, all of us waiting in line are there because we love the Slider truck- and those greedy few hoarded them all for themselves? Really? REALLY?! Thanks, people, for crapping all over my friend's experience & ensuring that his first impression of the Slider truck is NOT positive. 

Some of the shimmer has been smudged for me as well. I don't think I'm going to be able to find the motivation to wait in those lines with the knowledge that people so greedy are scattered amongst our midst. 

I'm over it. My friend, who didn't even get to try to food, will most likely never be back because of this. Greedy fools ruining the fun for everyone, I tell ya!
Ok, I'm finally gonna review Slider Truck.  I've been there three times, I've tried everything, its time.  I've only visited them when they are at the MLK Costco during lunch so your experience may differ.

First off, the crew is amazing!  It takes some special skills to make you happy after you've been standing in line for 30 minutes in the hot blazing sun, in an asphalt parking lot no less, waiting for a slider.  A fist bump, smile, and upbeat attitude when you get to the window... how can you be mad about being sunburned?

However, I can't give this truck 5 stars because I don't like a lot of their food.  My own personal taste preference perhaps.  The barby and the pep pep pretty good.  The pulled porky is amazing.  But the rest of the sliders are kind of meh.  I love feta cheese and I really wanted to love the yaya and the captain's order, but I don't think the feta cheese is strong enough.  I don't taste any tzatiki on the yaya.  It's just not the flavor fest it should be.

And I'm not a big fan of the fries.  It's odd, because I'm usually crazy for all things fried... especially potatoes.  But they put sugar on the sweet potato fries, which I don't like, and I think it passes onto the regular fries somehow, because those taste sweet, too.  I need 'em savory.  

Prior visits were during the summer, at noon, and it was absolutely miserable until I got to the window.  The wait was soooo long and uncomfortable.  There were actually a few aborted attempts in Summerlin when I saw how long the line was. But I won't knock off stars, like other reviewers have, just because a business is successful.  They handle the crowds amazingly well with a good attitude and giving people notice via Twitter and verbally when they are about to run out of food.

Today I visited close to 11am, which I highly recommend if possible.  No line, quick service, in and out with no fuss.  And you can get one mystery slider per person before they run out.  Today, it was teriyaki... just basically the barby with teriyaki instead of bbq sauce.  Nothing special but just as good as the barby.  I'm hoping that the mystery sliders will be more creative in the future.

They have a new truck, which is much higher off the ground like Fukuburger is.  They are still working out the kinks with "Bertha."  There were no fries today because they were coming out soggy.  Since I don't like the fries, no biggie.  But there was one customer that I thought was going to have a heart attack!  He was traumatized!

Also, they now have a Yelp check-in offer.  Check-in three times and you get two free sliders.  People are totally gonna cheat with this, I know.  But whatever... I'm gonna do it legit.  The check-in function does work at Costco as they have the entire 89109 zip code as their location.  But it may not work elsewhere.

The new truck is up for sale according to their website, so the hope that they would double their efforts with two trucks is not to be.  But there still is the rumor that they will open a brick and mortar location.  Maybe that will take some of the demand and long lines.

If it wasn't for the upbeat and fun attitude of these guys, I'd have to give them three stars.  But I adore the pulled porky and the staff is amazing so four stars it is!
I am obsessed with the Slider Truck. OBSESSED! I've driven clear across the Valley to get my MINI BURG on.

Yes, there is a lonnng wait sometimes, but it is worth it. The guys blast fun music and are shouting funny things. The customer service is awesome. They guys are super nice and will most definitely put a smile on your face several times over.

Now, to the food. The sliders are made to order, so yes you have to wait to order and you have to wait for them to cook. It's usually a much shorter wait than the waiting to order line.

My favorites are the Barby, the Pulled Porkie, and the Caprese. The former, is Slider Trucks take on a BBQ Bacon burger. The guys add a piece of crispy bacon, crispy onions (think green bean casserole onions), and carmelized jalapeños. The BBQ sauce is sweet and tangy. It's just the right amount of messy. I crave this mini burg more than any other mini burgs. All hail the BARBY! The Pulled Porkie is the best pulled pork sandwich on the planet. I am pretty sure it;s just tender pulled pork, caramelized jalapeños, and  BBQ sauce (different than what is on the Barby). Just try it. I guarantee it will melt in your mouth. Lastly, for a lighter option (not in calories), but for a more simple, fresh taste I opted for the Caprese. Tender grilled eggplant, fresh mozzarella, roma tomato, basil (my most favorite herb) and balsamic. It's a mighty vegetarian option and it has a delicate taste. This slider had pizazz. 

Now, let's talk about a real American delicacy, the French fried potato. Slider Truck gives you two options, traditional and sweet potato. The traditional are great. Crispy and evenly seasoned. I live for, yes, live for the sweet potato fries. They serve them up with cinnamon and sugar, you can ask to have them salted (as I have seen many Yelpers complain about). They season their fries once the fries are placed in their carryout bags. Go for the sweet potato fries, I promise you won't be disappointed.

Drink options are limited, but excellent. There is Mexican Coca-Cola (made with REAL sugar verses high fructose corn syrup), Orange Fanta (also with REAL sugar), and Smart Water.

Some additional things that I love about the Slider Truck are:
1. How awesome the guys make you feel.
2. They include moist towelettes in all orders.
3. Fun-sized candy with your order. (FREE DESSERT)
4. If you leave them a big tip, they TIP the TRUCK! (Actually the rock it!)
5. WINDOW LOVE! (Fist bump, y'all)
6. If you follow them on Twitter (@slidertruck) or sign up for their text alerts (via their website slidinthru.com), they have HAPPY HOUR where everything on the menu is $1. (On these days get there ASAP because they sell out  FAST!)
7. It's Winter now and they have been giving out  FREE hot cocoa out, while you wait. 


My only beef is that they don't take credit/debit cards.

I love the Slider Truck, check their weekly schedule and see when they're in your neck of the woods. I guarantee you will leave happy, satisfied, ad with a smile on your face.
I've been waiting for this truck to post somewhere within a 10 mile radius from my place but I got tired of waiting. So this afternoon, I looked up their website and noticed that they were going to be having a Truck Showdown or Battle??!! Yeah! It was called "Street Food Throwdown!" - Slidin Thru' VS. HanShikTaco

Well, Now it really didn't matter how far they were parked because I was gonna conquer two trucks with one appetite!! I got there around 12:30ish and there was a big crowd in front of Lee's Discount Liqs.. I barely found parking and went for The Slider Truck 1st. 

After about a 20 minute line and 5 minute pick-up wait, this is what I got:

1. Barby: melted cheddar, caramelized jalapeno, crispy fried onion strips, bacon and bbq sauce

2. Pep Pep: lettuce, tomato, crisp bacon. sauteed onion, melted cheddar and super sauce

3. Yaya: lettuce tomato, red onion, feta, tzatziki and red wine vinaigrette

4. Captain's Oder: roma tomato, arugula, crisp bacon, feta cheese, sauteed onion and balsamic reduction

ALL the Sliders were 'AAHHH SOMMMEE'!!!!! Angus Burgers were all seasoned perfectly, moist and juicy, bite tender.. Great Job! I don't have anything negative to say about their burgers whatsoever. I ordered their sweet potato tater tots and have no complaints either. 

* Only thing that sucked was that they ran out of pulled pork so obviously couldn't order anything with that. But what sucked even more was their  "Mystery Taco" just sold out too, by a few people in front of me in line!! Yes, Taco since they were challenging Tacos.. Pretty Cool! Its all good because I got a reason to come hunt them down again, soon!

*Judges did Announce the Winner by a close margin of 3 points.. And the Winner is Vegas's Own: SLIDER TRUCK!!!!! WOO HOO!!!!! 

Staff were all Super Excited and Giddy, Food was Perfect and Cost was Fair!!! I'd drive the miles for this place in a heartbeat. I will be back for more, you can count on that!
My cousin and I were so excited to try the sliders at this truck because we had heard so many good things about them. From the reviews on yelp to word of mouth, nothing but good things other than the long lines.
I arrived 45 minutes early at the Greenspun spot just so we wouldn't have to wait in a line. I was obviously the first one there. Finally the truck arrived and unfortunately they were late.

We order 4 different sliders and there wasn't anything special about them. All of them were dry and needed more sauce to moisten them up.  I was also discouraged that they used French's Fried Onions rather than making their own onion strings. The both of us were very disappointed and wondered how this truck was the most popular one in Las Vegas? Slider Truck did not live up to the hype everyone was talking about. I can probably make these sliders at home and maybe even make better ones. Did we go on a bad day or something? I don't think I'll be going to this truck again anytime soon, not unless I'm already at an event they are at.
Really, when you talk about Slider Truck, you have to talk about two things. You have to talk about the food, and you have to talk about the experience.

The burgers are Angus beef, cooked medium rare, served on soft buns, slightly toasted, and topped with a variety of delicious toppings.

My favorite is the Barby, mostly for the caramelized jalapenos that are like nothing else. They perfectly complement the smoky bacon, cheddar, crispy onions and BBQ sauce that inevitably make you understand why they include a wet-nap with each order.

The Pep Pep is a more standard bacon cheeseburger, with lettuce, tomato and caramelized onions - "super sauce" is the only deviation from tradition. I think super sauce is watered-down ranch dressing. 

I definitely prefer the Barby, I think maybe the reason is I'm eating the Pep Pep second - the Barby is clearly the more flavorful burger. Don't get me wrong, they're both great - the quality of the ingredients shines through every step of the way.

Then there's the service experience. Ricardo and the boys are not exactly the Soup Nazi. :) While the line moves forward you'll get an idea of the schtick here. They do an amazing job of making first-timers feel like regulars and making regulars feel like friends. They've got their own catch-phrases, which is a sign you've made it. When they talk about #windowlove, you really feel it. As you bump fists, you can tell that these guys are having a blast.

Note to self: start getting to the truck earlier so that I can try the Porkie and a Mystery Slider, as I've always arrived after these limited-edition delicacies have sold out for the night.

Update: I am told that the Super Sauce is not ranch dressing of any kind. Next guess: some kind of tzatziki?
Maybe its too early to update my review.  But I think this truck has earned five stars for it's great mystery taco.  They are considering keeping it on the "secret menu."  OMG, I hope they do!

The taco (which I think they served at the Street Food Throwdown) is pork, tzatziki, feta, hot sauce, crispy onion strips, and carmelized jalapenos, all on a warm corn tortilla.  It is absolutely the best!  It's $5, but it is totally worth it.  A ton a pork.  Maybe they could make a burrito! :)

Also, they have this super fun #SuperSecretSevenDaysofSlidinThruXmas
promotion going on.  Everyday, til Christmas I guess, they post a link on Twitter that gives you a secret phrase to get a discount.  Say the secret phrase, the whole truck yells it back at you, and you get some free food.  Pretty sweet!  If you don't want to join Twitter, you can see all their Twitter messages on their website - http://slidinthru.com/

I still don't like the fries.  I got the sweet potato fries with salt instead of cinnamon and sugar, and they still weren't doing it for me.  I don't know why because rarely meet a fried starch that I don't like.  But the taco is seriously craveable.  Give it a try and if you like it, tell them to keep it!  PLEASE!
We planned to go to the Neon Museum yesterday for their open house. We saw that the Slider Truck was going to be there so immediately knew what our lunch plan was going to be.

We tried the slider truck about 5 months ago and enjoyed it but weren't stoked about the 30 minute wait. This time, there was no line and we got our food within 10 minutes.

We split a YaYa, Pep Pep, Barby, Pulled Porky, and the daily special (a pork taco with tzatziki). We also split an order of plain fries.

Everything was very good. My favorite was the taco. The tzatziki was a very pleasant surprise in place of sour cream.

The last time we went to the Slider Truck we had the sweet potato fries. I have to say I prefer the plain fries. Don't get me wrong, the sweet potato fries are great, but I'm not a big fan of sweets. The plain fries had a nice balance of salt and pepper and were a great accompaniment to the sliders. Whereas the sweet potato fries were more of an after-slider dessert.
So very good sliders. The price is decent and I really like all the burgers and the sweet potato fries are almost like desert/ So good. The pulled pork is always out though but one of these days I will get you. They really need an Android app with working latitude to follow though easier than Twitter.
I finally went, yay!

I have to admit, I've been dragging my feet on trying this place. I have two reasons for the delay. First, I haven't really gotten into the food truck craze. I can't help it, I really like sit down restaurants. I enjoy making dining an event. Although I do love me some Fuku. Second, I have heard a lot about the social aspect of the Slider Truck and that made me shy away as well. I may be weird, but I like a little anonymity with my meal. I don't really want to play around or be "on," so to speak.

I felt I had procrastinated enough, so after much hemming and hawing, I made my way out on a very rainy evening and I couldn't be happier that I did. There was no line and we were only one of two groups of customers here at the time. We ordered and we did have a nice little chit chat with the guys and luckily, I had a really nice experience.

Me and my guy tried just about every slider they have, minus the caprese, since I hadn't heard too many good things about it. We also got an order of the sweet potato fries and the Mystery Slider, which happened to be turkey pastrami, which I wasn't really a fan of. The Captain's Order and the Yaya were my favorites. I also really liked the porky. Yum. The sweet potato fries were exactly how I like them, more on the sweet than savory side with the cinnamon and sugar sprinkled on top. Some honey drizzled on top of that would make it an even bigger hit with me. 

I'll definitely be back.
When I first heard about Slidin Thru, I had to find them and check it out.  My first order was a Caprese, Ya Ya, and a Pep Pep.  With a big glass bottle of Coca Cola.  I was definitely surprised by the quality of the sliders and the service.  These guys are doing big things and every customer helps out!  Keep up the good work!
First timer, and it was good. Creative sliders here- these are not bachi-sized. Prefer it over bachi, cuz te repitoire is bigger (Greek,BBQ, not Just Asian inspired burgers. Overheard the truck guys saying they're opening up a restaurant next year. I'm more excited about that - I don't have time to chase a burger truck throughout the valley. No line at 7:45pm Thursday night, outside my gym, ha.
I can't believe I keep forgetting to review the Slider Truck. My husband and I have synchronized cravings for this place sometimes and have to find where they're parked. My favorite is the Barbie. Bacon burgers aren't my thing, but the combo of the bacon, jalapenos, crispy onions and cheddar is burger nirvana for me. Phil loves the burgers, but is in love with the Pulled Porkie. Super tender pulled pork, with caramelized jalapenos and barbecue  sauce...I love this one too. They also serve up a massive bag of sweet potato fries seasoned with a cinnamon/sugar shake. I like a bit of heat with my sweet, so I like to add a couple shakes of cayenne to the bag and give it a toss. So good! 
Just as good as the bangin' sliders is the staff. Always friendly, always a good vibe. Our kids love it too. (they have a yelp acct now and have beat me to the punch reviewing this place)
Pull up their website, check the skedgie and go get yourself sum windowlove!
Follow that truck.  Can't miss it, very colorful and eye catching.  Owner is some guy with black rimmed glasses - super nice guy and serves some bad a... burgers.  Too bad i can't try the meat burgers, the caprese is pretty good and crispy fries.
I was introduced to the Slider Truck awhile back by fellow Yelper and coworker, Nelson Q. Before Slider Truck, I have only heard/read about the whole food truck trend in NY and LA. So I was eager to give it try when Nelson tracked them down to a strip mall near my home. After waiting about 10 minutes in the 100F+ heat, it was finally my turn to place my order with Ric. I remember trying the Captain's Order, Yaya, and Pulled Porkie.  The food was alright to me, felt that the burgers back then was a little dry and could use a little more sauce.  But I wholeheartedly support the entrepreneurial spirit of these Las Vegas culinary students jumping with both feet in on this food truck trend sweeping the country.  Ric was awesome and made every customer feel like VIPs.  And at 3 sliders for $7 (1 slider = $3, 2 sliders = $5) + $2 regular fries or $3 sweet potato fries, it was an inexpensive and unique dining experience.

And on Thursday I decided to go again because class let out earlier than expected, plus I have some Groupons that I finally printed and they were at the Cox Communications building off of Rancho @95.  When I arrived there was a decent line, and some people enjoying their sliders on the collapsable chairs they have brought with them (they must be pros at this whole food truck dining thing). It turns out that it was Ric's birthday and he was giving away these mini slider desserts to customers. It looks like a miniature hamburger, and I thought it would be cool to take a picture of it before polishing it off.

So after waiting for maybe 20-25 minutes, someone other than Ric finally took my order (Captain's Order, Barbie, Pep Pep and their Sweet Potato Fries) and I handed over my Groupon worth $10.  Pretty good deal having paid $5 for the Groupon offer.  He was nice enough, but I wasn't offered the mini hamburger dessert cake. I guess they were starting to ration it, because while I waited for my order to be prepared it was only offered to some of the girls in line.

Anyway, My Captain's Order was flavorful and a lot more moist and juicy this time around.  I also liked the Barbie with the flavorful BBQ sauce. But the YaYa was no good (tiny patty that was gone after 2 bites and leaving more than half the bread).  2 out of 3 ain't bad.  And the Sweet Potato Fries with the contrasting sweet and salty taste was enjoyable as a dessert snack. The mystery slider that I have tried was good (Roast Beef with Cheese, and they are more generous with the roast beef on the slider).

I bought a total of 4 Groupons since my first visit so I can really experience the Slider Truck.  And aside from seeing their loyal followings that would wait for the truck before their scheduled arrival (pretty cool), I have also experienced a few late arrivals (not cool - especially on cold winter evenings), fairly long lines, but they are getting better at fulfilling orders quicker.

Overall, I think the food served is alright.  And in general I would prefer a stationary location, instead of tracking them down and hoping they will actually be there when I feel like having some sliders.  But that is just me.
Figured my very first review should be for one of my favorite places ( all over town ) I have been a devotee of Slidinthru since the first tweet letting me know that they were going to be serving up some yummy sliders over a year ago. 

Since then I have actually taken the sliders all the way to NY and shared them with my family who loved them as well. 

Ric and the guys are always on point, funny as all get up and the food is always good ... no wait ... Great.   More than anything they take everything lightly and strive to make their customers happy.
I have been hearing about the Slider truck for awhile now and the timing was never right! But this past weekend, I grabbed the family and headed to the Farmers Market. I did not tell my wife that the slider truck was gonna be there. I just told her lets walk around, the weather was beautiful. So our 2 month old son can get some vitamin d. We get there around 10 or so. The slider truck pulled up a little after. There was a line instantly of about 15-20 people. 

We ordered 2 barbys and 2 pulled porkys and sweet potato fries. I did not have change before I ordered but a lady in front of me, had change but I already ordered and paid. A couple minutes later, our ordered popped out and I tasted perfection. Both were DELICIOUS! I especially enjoyed the barby. Before I finished the second slider, I jumped back in line and order 3 more sliders(1 barby, 1 pep pep, pulled porky) , oreo cheesecake and a sprite. My favorite is the barby.

My wife and brother in law were a bit skeptical at first. But fell in love after the first bite and all week we have been keeping tabs on the location of the slider truck. Hopefully we can meet again this week.
Finally...Kuge will REVIEEEEEEEW....Slider Truck

1st off, Kuge will say that everyone should have eventually break their slider truck cherry because he believes that the food is consistently delicious and with reasonable pricing, it's a great value.

Kuge has been to Slider Truck probably 8+ times now and has had many different kinds of experiences, most of them good.  Because The People's Champ loves to please fans, he will simply go about the pro's and cons about this mobile establishment.

Pros:
- Food = Delicious, Kuge especially is in love with the pulled porkies, and their fries.  
- Price = Reasonable, as others mentioned they have the 2 for $5, and 3 for $7 slider deals that are essentially the nuts.  But on top of that they occasionally run special deals if you follow them on twitter.
- Atmosphere = Fun, Every time Kuge is ready to order his food, everyone working at slider truck always brings in a lot of energy and fun, you can't help but give'em window love whenever you order food.

Cons:
- Waiting times.  Now, before all you Slider Truck fanatics get all, "Kuge, it's part of the dynamic of going to a food truck so of course you should expect to wait".  Kuge would like to say he understands that aspect, but Kuge also understands that when Slider Truck says they will be at a place at 6pm, and they should not show up 15-20 minutes later, then have 15-30 people vulture around the place because of the delay, and have to wait 30-45 minutes to get food, he's gonna be a little upset.  Even though The Great One's time isn't valuable, he would like to think it is!
- Inconsistency with what they have available.  There were a couple times where Kuge would want his favorite pulled porkies and fries, only to find out that they don't have either available.  On top of that, Kuge also would go back to his previous con of waiting, nothing is worse than waiting in line for 20-30 minutes only to find out that the food you want is not available.

Despite these cons, Kuge acknowledges that these instances don't happen often and for the most part his experiences are good.  But he cannot overlook these cons so they get knocked down a peg.

Kuge will check down in The Smack Down Hotel, but not before he gives Slider Truck 4 Stars out of 5.
Kickass fries & amazingly fast, tasty and magical gourmet burgers, all coming out of a stylish retro comic-painted truck. Sprinkle on the wild, crazy awesome guys working inside the truck. If that's not a recipe for success, I don't know what is.
Another overrated place in Las Vegas. I'm beginning to think people here have poor tastes in food.

I ordered the Pulled Porky, Pep Pep, and the YaYa. The beef and the pork were pretty dry. If the meat was cooked better, I think the combination of flavors would be pretty decent and I'd give this place 4 stars. Otherwise...meh. I saw In N Out on the way to this food truck and totally regret not going there instead.
On one cold day during lunch about a month ago, I was super hungry and excited for sliders from the slider truck.  I stood in line in the Costco parking lot on MLK for 20 minutes anticipating for my turn to order.  I have no problems waiting for good food.  If the food is good, I'm willing to wait it out.  I like my food hot, fresh and yummie.  The sliders were hot and fresh but the quality went downhill.  The pulled porkie was the same but I think the quality of their ground beef and other ingredients went downhill.  I was so so disappointed.  I really like these guys too.  How sad, I used to be such a frequent customer. -M2
OMG!! If you haven't been or heard of the slider truck. Go and find it now! I heard they also have a permeant place in town. The sliders or delish! My favorite is  the Barby! --- But they have great fries too and mystery sliders every day -- Plus they're a bunch of fun guys :)
The slider truck is aaaaamazing! My boyfriend had been raving about it forever and I couldn't wait to try it! I finally had the joy of eating those delicious sliders last week and LOVED them! I had three sliders - the barby, pep pep, and yaya and then shared a side of sweet potato fries. Each slider was absolutely delicious and you could literally taste every single component of each. My favorite one was the yaya - it was so refreshing and I really enjoyed the feta cheese. The sweet potato fries were covered in sugar and cinnamon.... enough said! Not to mention, the slider truck guys are incredibly nice, happy, and friendly. We didn't have any cash on us, so we were forced to pay with a card. They then told us that their machine stopped working and they were only taking cash. Bummer! BUT, much to our surprise, they explained that they could give us an "I O LOU", trusting that we would come back later to pay. whaaat!? awesome! We accepted the ridiculous offer and enjoyed our sliders. Later that night, we went to their next location to pay back the "I O LOU" and decided to get even more sliders, which this time included the pulled porky (yum, yum, yum). Overall, absolutely love the food and the service! WOOOHOOO slider truck!
Call me a hater but I'm not about to start giving away superfluous high marks to restaurants simply because their business model puts them on wheels.  I love food trucks and I appreciate the kind of hipster culture they've spawned but is it just me or does it seem like every food truck gets inherently higher grades on Yelp than they would if it was a brick and mortar operation?  Don't get me wrong, there are some really great food trucks out there that are doing innovative cuisine.  Slidin Thru  however, is simply cooking small burgers with some interesting toppings.  Everything tasted fine and I would have no problem going back, Im just not about to soil myself because I just had a hamburger off a truck.

Like I said, the food was decent.  I had a the 3 slider combo for 7 bucks and opted for their Pulled Pork, the burger with the balsamic reduction and the one with feta cheese and bacon.  The buns are soft but rather un-noteworthy.  The beef was cooked nicely but it lacked a distinct flavor.  The Pulled Pork was actually the best of the bunch with a nice, subtle sauce and the right level of moistness in the meat.  The french fries were beyond average but they also offer sweet potato fries for a buck more....might be worth the upgrade.  

The guys running the truck are outgoing and helpful although they do one thing that I think is very unbecoming.  If you pay by credit card, the order taker says "My machine is asking if you would like to leave a tip."  I understand his machine may be asking that, but maybe post a sign that say you can leave a tip when paying by debit or credit rather than put people on the spot.   Jeez, thanks for putting me in a pickle.  I mean are you going to tell the guy no straight to his face?  I just think thats a tad audacious.  

My visit corresponded with their new semi-residency at lunch time on Thursdays at UNLV.  

Don't let the wheels seduce you...
3.5 stars. Slider Truck offers cute, tasty, almost bite-size burgers for a modest price. Although, you might have to wait in line for quite a while.

The planets must've aligned because my schedule and Slider Truck's schedule were not conflicted. So I struck while the iron was hot and got in line once class was over. A line was already forming and I have to admit, wait time was a bit long. I've noticed that ST has developed a loyal following in the valley and when you add that food trucks are in vogue, waiting is ultimately inevitable. In the meantime, the truck is blasting the latest hip-hop jams and even the workers are breaking it down inside their little mobile. Amusingly, the truck was bouncing because of the dancing inside. LOL! Once I got to the front, the guy fist jabbed me and was friendly and asked what I wanted. I ordered 3 sliders (Barbie, Pep Pep, and Yaya), side of fries, and smart water. Total was $11, a bit steep in my opinion. But I totally understand, because they're in their embryonic stage and haven't reached McDonald's stage, yet. Shortly thereafter, I got my food and began to dig in. 

All three burgers were juicy and packed with toppings within a nice bun. My favorite was the Barby. I loved the fried onions with the bbq sauce and jalapeno. My fries were fries. Not spectacular but decent. It's hard to fuck up fries. A sweet potato fry managed to sneak in with my order and I regret not ordering it because it had more flavor and crunch. All the hype that surrounds this truck gave me high expectations, so maybe that's why I felt a bit disappointed. Service was personable and they really try to make you feel included, I think. My food was good, but I felt I could've gotten it cheaper somewhere else with the same or better quality. But their menu is interesting enough for me to go for round 2.
Love the sliders guys! Bring it to lake mead and rainbow!
Will I ever see the Slider Truck again? 

Probably not!!! 

But will the Slider Truck live on in my memories? 

Yes Forever!!! 

We saw a beautiful mecca of a truck in the parking lot of the Las Vegas Convention Center. We walked out there and the owner was closing down the side panels. He told us that he was out of food...we instantly had sad looks in our eyes...he then said, "Guys don't shut down! (he was talking to the cooks) We have to feed these two guys!" That right there gets 5 stars for customer service. 

They were out of fries but made up for it with an extra slider and a piece of chocolate. We tried the Barby: melted cheddar, caramelized jalapeño, crispy fried onion strips, bacon & BBQ sauce and also the Pep Pep: lettuce, tomato, crisp bacon, sautéed onion, melted cheddar, pickle & super sauce. Both burgers were amazing!!! 

The cooks inside the Slider Truck were also really cool...they started talking to us and we were going back and forth. Which is amazing! Because if my boss told me to shut down the grill and then two guys came out to order and he told me to fire it up again...I do not think I would be very happy. This shows the true colors of these guys...the customer is always first!!! 

The next day I looked in the Convention Parking lot for Slidin' Thru and they were nothing more then a pleasant memory of burgers past. Until our paths cross again Slider Truck I will be dreaming of your mini burgers.

Can I place an order for you guys to show up at NAB in April?  I will be keeping my fingers crossed that you got this message.
I don't think I could ever say good enough things about the Slider Truck, but I will try. I love being greeted with a fist bump and a smile. It's so refreshing to see people enjoy what they do for a change. The atmosphere is so positive I swear you can almost taste it in their food! My favorites are the Pep Pep, Yaya, and the Barby. A little on the pricey side, but I think it's worth it to support a local growing business. I wish I could have a full size version of their burgers. One slider just isn't doing it for me anymore. It is nice though if you are a Slidin' Thru newbie so you can try several of their flavors all in one sitting. If you are discouraged by long lines hit them up during the week for lunch hours. I've waited over an hour for these burgers though and they are worth it. Slidin' Thru is a MUST TRY at least once for all Vegas locals!
I'm a fan of the sliders (not so much the sweet potato fries) but the environment of the truck and the energy of the guys really sells the food too and makes it a fun experience. 

3 sliders for $7, not including the mystery of the day - they also have Fanta and Coke in glass bottles - YAY! 
Sure, you could go to a fast food place down the road and get a burger for $2.00 but I love the entire concept that they have going on and am a supporter of these guys! I don't mind paying more for the experience of the food truck and am excited they are opening a restaurant!
These guys have incredible sliders with matching personalities! Looking forward to them coming to husbands tattoo shop again next month for their food battle!
Holla!! Studio 21 tattoo!!!!
Finally checked this truck out today and wasn't disappointed...definitely lived up to the hype! I had two Pep Peps and they were fantastic. I just love grilled onions and they were plentiful. The lettuce and bacon were crisp and the tomato was juicy. 

No doubt this place makes quality sliders - a must try, and I will be back when they're in my 'hood.
They are awesome! Great prices, great food and cool dudes! It is such a great experience...The sliders are so juicy and filling. 2 for $5 or 3 for $7. My husband loves the Pulled Porky and I love the Captains Order. You gotta try them! Best sliders I have ever had. My husband and I are now "followers"
One of my friends asked me to get sliders from the Sildin' Thru truck, and at the time, I thought to myself "what's the big deal about sliders?"  However, that time I went, along with each successive time I have gone, I have always been greeted with the delicious smell of sliders and fries and the obligatory fist bumps from the workers and owner (who does drive along with the crew).  Food trucks are a bit of a recent phenomenon here in the valley, and Slidin Thru is one of the trucks trying to capture that popularity like what you would see in Los Angeles.

My personal favorite slider is the Barby, a western style slider with bacon, bbq sauce and crispy onion strings.  They make each order fresh, so it does take awhile, but again, that's a good thing.  They also have mystery sliders which vary at every location.  The one time I got a mystery slider, the pastraminator (a slider loaded with cooked pastrami), I was simply amazed.  The fries are great too, and they put some special seasoning on them which tastes delicious.

You can tell that the owner cares greatly about his customers.  Customer service is top notch, and he frequently communicates to people via twitter and facebook.  That alone is one of the reasons that keeps me coming back.

Since they opened their permanent 24 hours headquarters they cut back a bit on their truck hours and locations.  I have yet to go to the HQ, but I do prefer actually driving to the truck.  I like the adventure of actually finding the truck, and eating inside your car or on the curb.  When I actually visit the HQ, I will post a review on that page.

For what it's worth, you owe it to yourself, local or tourist, to make at least one stop at the Slidin Thru truck.  And it's a mobile truck that belongs to our city :).

PROS:
One of the first food trucks here in Vegas
Amazing customer service and interaction
Reasonable prices
Delicious food
Usually touch each area of the city every week

CONS:
You can be there awhile with long lines and the fact that they make your food to order.  But then again, not necessarily a bad thing :).

THE VERDICT:  I am addicted to this place!
Let's not talk about food for a second, let's talk about service. The Slidin' Thru posse took the mean streets of Vegas and have managed to create a fun, friendly, and tasty atmosphere everywhere they have went. From knucklebumps to windowlove to gettin tipsy, the environment surrounding the Slider Truck is just rad.

The Slider Truck was my first experience with street food. I'm now a fan street food and a fan of theirs for life. Their sliders might be some of the best burgers I've ever tasted. The ingredients are fresh, everything is made to order, and they provide amazing customer service. When I buy a burger from these guys I can tell that they really appreciate my business. The appreciation is further shown by them when I take a bite of those delicious little sliders of awesomeness and my taste buds begin doing backflips.

I believe in what these guys are doing and how they are doing it. They deserve all of the success they have had. They could put on a clinic on how to succeed in modern business.

#windowlove
One of the best food trucks in Vegas, plus now they have an awesome HQ.  So glad that they're doing well.  I have never been disappointed with any of their sliders, and always enjoy trying their mystery sliders every time I stop by.  Also, they do these crazy awesome fries at their HQ, and even have these sweet potato s'more fries, which are actually really good.
FUN. TASTY. 

Usually, those two adjectives wouldn't go together.  Fun, I think peter piper's pizza or Joe's Crab  Shack.  Tasty, I think hole-in-the-wall-dirty-poor-service.  However, the Slider Truck combined both!

The atmosphere:
The guys working there were fist bumpin' friendly and made the atmosphere so festive.  Given that it was for the food truck battle and the atmosphere was totally festive, but I think they have the fist bumpin' friendly as their MO.  They even have the fist bump logo wrapped on the truck!

The food:
Though there were a tons of people on line to order, we probably got our food within 10 minutes.  
1.  Pipin' hot fries simply seasoned with salt and pepper.
2.  Barby - cheddar, jalapeno, crispy fried onion strips, bbq sauce and BACOooooon.  Fantastic flavor blast of salty and tangy with texturegasm of the crispy fried onion strips.
3.  Pep Pep - your classic burger of BLT+sauteed onions + super sauce.  It's like your best classic In-N-Out burger fun sized and flavor amplified.
4.  Captain's Order - tomato, arugula, BACooooon, feta cheese and balsamic vinegar reduction.  this was my least favorite because I have a bias against the balsamic reduction being too sweet.

Conclusion: Fukuburger has some mad competition.  Yum burgers.  Try them all.
This Truck Rocks, Gotta Start By saying That. The Service is amazing, The Burgers Are to Die For. Unlike Most things in vegas that become trendy, then become over-priced & Commercialized, This truck has heart. They dont kill you on price just because they have a great product, they Love what they do & it shows! And they Give Back too, They catered an event for us, to help raise money for Breast Cancer! In A city that has gone soooo Corporate, this is the "new Vegas" style of business. 
   Now to The Food, You Will Not Be disappointed, Sliders made with Quality, There Mystery Sliders are always testing the boundaries of how extreme a slider can be! The "Captains Order" & "Pep Pep" are 2 of my Regulars, add an order of the Sweet Potato Fires & im in slider Paradise!
The Food Is Cheap, the Quality is High, The Vibe is perfect. This Is A Vegas Must Try!!! Also Check out there 24hr HQ, For Late Nite Fix!
Roaming around the Las Vegas Convention center you see a ton of different places to eat, but not one of them look appetizing (except Starbucks). So, when I noticed the slidinthru truck, I was interested to try what they had to offer. I figured, anything would be better than convention food. I was (of course) right!! These sliders were very yummy. The burgers were fresh/super moist and topped with lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, pickles, bacon, cheese (optional), and their secret sauce. A little burger with a big impact! The fries are really good too - they kind of taste like Burger King with half the grease. Fresh, crispy, and delicious. Makes me wish we had one of these trucks in my neighborhood!!
Food trucks are sprouting up all over Las Vegas lately.  By my last count there are at least 10 now serving a wide variety of things from burgers to coffee.  The Slidin' Thru truck was one of the very first, if not thee first.

I have tried it twice so far.  The first time I tried a "Barby" and a "YaYa."  I know, I know, you're saying to yourself, "Geez, you ate two burgers?  What a pig!"  You have to know that the place is called Slidin Thru, though, because their burgers are mini-burgers known as "sliders"  So I ate two but they are small.  I could eat 5 if I was really hungry!  Both of these burgers were very good and full of flavor.  I particularly enjoyed the "YaYa" which had a very unique flavor for a burger.

The second time I went, I just ordered two YaYa's because that was my favorite.  On this occasion, the burgers still had good flavor but weren't quite as juicy as the first time.  I don't know why.  A little dry for my taste but still good.

I would recommend trying this place out because you will get a hamburger that is quite different from the norm.
Love everything about the slider truck! The delicious & unique food, the spectacular service & the fun & hip street food ambience. Great chefs here & the coolest people. I like how they are always smiling even when they're super busy. So far, I've had the Caprese, Pep Pep, Yaya,  mystery shroom  slider, hash & egg slider, sweet potato fries, s'more sweet potato fries, & a special cheesecake of the day. Everything I had there was all good! 

 My favorites has to be the Caprese because I love eggplants & the Yaya because of the whole concoction of the feta cheese, onions, tomatoes & tzatziki sauce. 

Super bomb & great price! Just one of these slider w/ those yummy sweet potato fries is more than enough to fill me up. 

 It's cool that they always have a new mystery slider. Everytime I see their tweets about the mystery slider of the day, my mouth waters.

 I like how they have coke bottles that use real sugar instead of the high fructose corn syrup. The high fructose corn syrup gives me a stomach ache for some reason. So it's a major plus that they carry those pure sugar cane cokes. Definitely come back to try the other sliders I haven't tried. Craving these slider as I type.
I have to do an update after my latest experience. Love this food truck experience! The neat thing about StrEATS is not only the damn good eats, but also seeing all the trucks side-by-side. And the slider truck really shines. They have the art of the food truck down to a science. There is no line too long. No glitch too big. Nothing overwhelms or stops the slider truck. And all of the staff are always so friendly and enthusiastic. And the mystery slider at the latest StrEATS totally rocked. It was basically the Yaya, but all kicked up a serious mega notch. The added hot sauce (and/or whatever they did) was absolute mini-burg perfection. Who would've known that feta and red wine vinaigrette and hot sauce would all mingle together so gloriously.
If you just want some #window love and/or food packed w flavor,.......you need to catch Slidin thru as it makes it way through town during the week.
They treat you like family, and the sliders are outstanding! I always get The Barby, The Captain....and the mystery slider. You never know what that may be, but its fun to try new stuff and I have NEVER been disappointed! They also have an eggplant slider that is outstanding.the Caprese. Always remember to give em some of that window love when picking up your food!
Food is bomb and these guys always know how to have a good time.
Came back and almost dropped dead of caprese nirvana. 
It's finals week. I read a tweet this is Slider's last hurrah at UNLV (until next semester) Visiting was inevitable. Hungry, fatigued, and tired of reading, I ordered and inhaled the caprese slider. No line, workers were very cool, and now I must add their HQ on my list of places to visit.
I can't believe today was my first time to officially Slider Truck... I've been following them for some time now - but even with them on campus, I've always had other plans on Thursday.  Today, it turns out was their last day on campus - and so the stars aligned, and I was there... ordered 3: Barby: loved the jalapenos on it and the crispy onions;  the Porky: winner!  again, those jalapenos rule - but this is what a slider should be, tender, juicy, by far the best meat:bun ratio; Mushroom special:  meh.  balsamic was too strong, totally overwhelming any truffle flavor or smell, the burger itself was overcooked and dry so it was tiny and therefore, too much bun.  The fries were perfect.  Truly perfect.

2 out of 3 ain't bad... I'd definitely go back - and by the way, Nick, you're darling.  I love your customer service...and your ability to focus on each guest one at a time, enthusiastically, but still gently, and with pride.  Congratulations on all your success guys... you deserve it.  

yes, I'm a fan!
I've been here several times when the slider truck rolled through the UNLV campus, and their $3 tacos are what I usually order. Their tacos are simple, not too filling to feel like you've overeaten, and they're cheap when you're in a rush to your next class, or you want something simple and quick while you're on campus in between classes. They usually park next to the library, so its convenient in regards to you're right next to the Coffee Bean by Lied. I haven't really ventured into their other items on the menu, but their tacos are what keeps me coming back!
I tried them again at the Food Truck Fest II and definitely a much more enjoyable experience compared to the last time. I had the Barbie and the Pep Pep, which were both awesome. Each of them were moist and weren't dry all all. So I was able to truly appreciated the flavors blending with the sweetness of the bread, which I absolutely loved! I was also suprised at the thickness of the patties because I don't remember them being as meaty as this. The food also came out prompty with very little wait. For some reason the service at the truck is better compared to HQ.  I also like the fact that they accept debit, which is rare for most trucks.  So after this, Slidin' Thru will be seeing more of me!
Caught them at Food Truck Fest 2 -- rad times ensued!  Their sliders are big and individualized, no fear of overlapping if you order randomly!  The Pep Pep is my favorite.  Add in Mexican Cokes on ice?  That's always a plus.
The food was good . Rick is a really nice guy. The wait is worth it if its not 110th out. Try the pulled pork to die for. There new HQ is even better then the truck and they don't run out of pork like the truck.
Small, but delicious.

I ordered 2 Barby burgers. Spicy, but not too spicy. A little bit too much BBQ sauce, but that's okay. 

I just wish they weren't so small. So good, but so not filling. It's unfortunate.

I really would like to try the Pep Pep and the pulled pork slider next time.
I heard about these guys and read the reviews about them. It seems no one gave bad reviews about the food. Most of the complaints were about wait time. So I decided to try it for myself. I drove to their lunch hour stop off Sahara. I got there 30 minutes before closing time. So I guess I missed the rush hour. I ordered immediately, waited a few minutes and had some of the best burgers in town. I recommend SLIDIN. They are worth the trip.
I love them, so much. Even if the sliders weren't fantastic, the upbeat customer service would still leave me smiling. But really, their sliders are great! My fave is the barby and the pep pep. I love the fries, too. Still haven't had the sweet potato fries, but I will be stalking them in the near future for some.
I took my mom, sister, and niece to the Slider Truck at the Farmers' Market on Eastern and Richmar (Serene-ish). 

My niece was flabbergasted by the "little sammiches truck," and pretty much made me order everything on the menu... including a nice little surprise that wasn't listed! (Always ask if there is a special not on the list... you could be pleasantly surprised!)

I have two favorites... one being the Pulled Porky (listed as a specialty slider - limited time?) with jalapenos. Spicy and sweet - one of my all time favorite combinations - with a nice hit (slightly more than a hint?) of spice that gives a nice depth to the flavors. The Barby, another pork BBQ sandwich, is pretty amazing, too. Who doesn't love all of these flavors... with bacon?!

I also love the caprese slider (also listed as a special). The eggplant is a great "meat" and the combination tastes fabulous. Really fresh and lighter than I expected, it's a great summer day option. 

The Yaya was a close second to the Pulled Porky/Barby faves... but this Greek gal is a sucker for feta and red onions. The vinaigrette has a great pop to it.

The Plain Jane is anything but. Maybe not a specialized combination/recipe, it is still done well and very tasty.

The fries are fries. Not bad, but nothing that made me think, "Wow, they really did a great job by _________." They're fries, they're hot. They needed just a bit more salt.

Service is upbeat, personable and sometimes humorous. The truck and service areas are always clean and have everything you need to make sure you enjoy your meal to the fullest.
When I first heard all the positive reviews for Slidin' Thru, I thought "Man, it can't be that good. I get it, it's alright, but to stalk it through town?! No way!" That was then. Now I wonder why someone didn't kidnap me and FORCE me to find ST with them! It's really good!

I recently had ST for the first time, at an UYE, no less, and fell in love with it in about 2.3890 nano seconds. The truck alone, like, the actual truck, is awesome. It looks like a comic book on wheels, but also one that puts out awesome food, smells like happiness, and is full of friendly people. 

I ordered the Pulled Porky, as pulled pork has been one of my favorites ever since ever. I also ordered the mystery slider, as there's no way I could pass up a mystery sandwich. Will it have pork and lettuce? Turkey and cheese? Maybe even meat and three kinds of cheese?! In my particular instance, it was turkey, cranberry, cheese, some sort of green, and was quite delicious. I would love to ooohh and ahhh about how cool the mystery sandwich concept was, until my friend pointed out that it was just their special they had going on... something she called "Thanksgiving in a bun." Still, it was a tall slider, and definitely a great bang-to-buck ratio. 

As far as the wait goes... there was none. Granted the crowd wasn't massive, so maybe I just got lucky. But still. Even if I had waited 5 times as long, it would've been worth it for deliciousness served on the quick.
I've been wanting to try Slidin Thru for awhile so I was happy to hear that they were going to be at the Yelp Birthday Suit event. One of my goodies from the event was a $5.00 credit that would be good for two sliders. I was greeted with a fist bump before I placed my order ...that was fun! I ordered the "Barby" which had cheddar cheese , jalapeno, crispy fried onion strips, BBQ sauce and bacon. My second choice was the "Pep Pep" which had bacon, lettuce , tomato, sauteed onions and their "Special Sauce" . I wanted to order some fries but they only take cash ..... I just had plastic. My plan was to take them home and share one with my hubby but that fell through because I ate them before he got home. They were so good ! I couldn't help myself. Plan B would be to go on a mission with the hubby to get more sliders and would love to try the fries!
Tried it for first time tonight myself -- I did carry out one other time for a family member. Tonight, I brought a caprese slider home to eggplant-loving husband.  Devoured my delicious "pep pep" w/half the bun and just the right combo of ingredients. A delicious treat and terrific service.
These sliders are A-Maze-Ing!!!  Good variety of burgers.  The Caprese is a surprise and welcome change from a regular burger.  The Pep was really good as was the Barby.

The Sweet potato fries should be called Sweet Potato Tater Tots of Goodness!!  These things were like mini churros bites in your mouth.  A touch of cinnamon on the sweet potato tots, soooooo goood.

The staff is super friendly and the food speaks for itself.

Can't wait to go the HQ and try out the restaurant versions.  I'm sure they're just as great!
I'm yelping with my mouth full right now. 

This review is for the HQ. I drive past this place at least 2x every week and never knew it was here. It's around the corner from the big Post Office. 

Barby - flavor explosion in my mouth. Crispy onions add a nice texture. This was my favorite of today's sliders. 

Captain's order - unique flavors. Very good

Pep pep - the more traditional of today's sliders. Very good too

Sweet potato fries - excellent

Can't wait to come back. Highly recommend to all. Service was excellent
How can you not love the Slidin' Thru? The food truck that really jump started the food truck craze here in Vegas has good reason to be one of the most popular food trucks. 
Firstly I'd like to point out how friendly the staff are. They're always upbeat and energetic and I love that they give out fist bumps like candy. On more than one occasion I've ordered a slider that they ran out of supplies for but to make up for it they gave me a coupon for a free slider. Now that's customer service!
The Pep Pep, Yaya, and Barby aren't just gibbersih, they're the unique names given to a few of their unique sliders. Ranging from the vegatarian eggplant Caprese to the caramlized, bbq sauce, fried onion strip, and bacon covered Barby. My personal favorite being the gyro-esque Yaya with feta cheese, red wine vinaigrette, and tzatziki sauce. They have a slider to suit any palette and they are suprisingly consistant. Everytime I've ordered a slider it tasted just like my previous visit's sliders. I have never witnessed a badly made slider at Slidin' Thru.
Last time I was there the prices were $3 for one slider, $5 for two, and $7 for three. Its in line with the average food truck price. Not a crazy amount of food for the money but its more than reasonable considering the quality.
Now, I've tried sliders at a few restaurants and I have to say that sliders from Slidin' Thru are plainly put, better. Maybe it's because restaurants don't put enough focus and effort into their sliders or maybe because Slidin' Thru just makes a mean slider. All I know is that I'll be coming back, and often.
As a bit of a side note, they have soda bottles that use real sugar instead of this high fructose corn syrup crap. You really can taste the difference and its delicious.
I couldn't wait to review this place, er, truck!  I'm so glad I drove out to the middle of no where Vegas to get sliders. Fresh fresh fresh and reasonably priced. If you have the opportunity to try them out you should and don't be afraid to try something new...these guys are great!  Now, how can I remove BBQ sauce from my phone screen....
Someone slap me for waiting as long as I did to try Slidin' Thru! 

I had heard great things about the truck here on Yelp, but the idea of trying to track down a truck to buy lunch just seemed a little ridiculous to me. And then Misti arranged a CMYE where attendees were able to try the truck for free... And boom, just like that I was hooked.

2 regular sliders are a measly $5, coupled with an order of the AMAZING sweet potato tots and you have a great lunch. My favorite sliders are the pulled porky (extra sauce please!!) and the pep pep. 

What really bumps this truck up from a 4 star place to a 5 star, this is as good as it gets kinda business is the service. The guys that work the truck are awesome, always super friendly and funny. It's really a pleasure to be able to support a local business like Slidin' Thru. Til next time (which will probably be next week!)  #windowlove
I went there last week and they were giving the cutest tiny menus ever :)
Definitely a must do while you're in vegas, since there's hardly any great food (besides the tourist-y, expensive strip buffets and restaurants)..and believe me, they get boring and gross after a while if you live in Vegas. I want to give this a 4 1/2 but yelp won't let me :(

Barby- LOVED IT! Seriously I think that was my favorite!! I wish I had got more of it! The sauce and carmelized jalapeno made the meat more juicy and less dry

Captain's Order--ehh not so great. I guess I got myself worked up too much. I wanted something with vegetables in it (maybe I should have got the Pep Pep) But it was so dry! There was some sauteed onion in it, but not enough for me..I was so thirsty while eating it. And it just ruined the whole slider.

Pulled Porky--I took a bite off a friend's. I loved it :) very juicy, but alas I wanted some more veggies in it.

Caprese--My sister ordered. Took a bite. It was pretty good :)


Sweet potato fries--I tried them from my friend........AND THEY WERE DELICIOUS. Happiness in my mouth.  It was like having dessert and lunch time food at the same time. I wish I bought some, but I was in rush again.  

Next time, I hope to try the Pep Pep , Yaya, and Barby again and give them a 5!
Pep Pep was my choice of indulgence with an enormous amount of fries! Everything was fresh and on point. They gave me some greats laughs  regarding there new Food Network fame. Very cool great group of guys. The best part in my book, I didn't have 2 break the bank!
Mmmmm, best mini burgers in the city!
What a pleasant surprise to see the Slidin Thru truck in a church parking lot when I was on a hunt for Sno Ono. First off the guys in the truck are so amazingly nice and fun. They really look like they love their job which is awesome because I am sure its 150 degrees in there!

The food is great. I shared a Porky and Barby with the bf!.Two sharing was a good size but I probably could have eaten both myself! I couldn't believe this yummyness was coming from a food truck.. I want to try all of the options on the menu.. Will be back!
yum, yum, yum, yum!!!!

YUM #1: yaya angus slider: lettuce. tomato. red onion. feta cheese. tzatziki. red wine vinaigrette. YUM #2: caprese slider: grilled eggplant. roma tomato. basil. fresh mozzarella. balsalmic reduction. YUM #3: check in on yelp and get a free slider :O) YUM #4: the price!

I can't wait to add more yums to this list...I just need an empty belly and a trip back to vegas!
For a Slider Truck, it's okay. The food tastes pretty good and the portions for some of their items are actually pretty big. I personally had the Barby and the Pep Pep and would gladly order them again.

However, the wait times for some of their food is a little ridiculous. Even though it's a slider truck, I don't think I'm going to wait 30 minutes for food when there isn't a large line in front of me. Minus One Star.

The worst part though, is watching people who order way after you and get their food BEFORE you. And we're not talking about the logical "They ordered less food or they ordered less complicated food", but it stings when someone gets a huge order of 5-10 sliders before your one slider with fries after you've been waiting for over 30 minutes.

The food is good, but the service could be a lot better.
I first experienced Slidin' Thru today at the Asian Festival and I have got to say that it was the best thing ever in the whole Festival! 

I would haunt this yummilicious truck thru the whole USA! Their sliders are the perfect size, packed with a punch of flavors! I had never tasted such a great "mini burger." They are so perfect you can try a few for your first time. 

The guys were so much fun, super rad and they look like they enjoy working, you know your food is going to come out just right! 5-stars all the way...geniuses...best flavor in Valley!
One word. Porkie! Get it and love it. You'll thank me later. 

I've been following the slidin thru truck for over a year now and have been getting the porkie and barbie every time I go which is atleast once a week if not more. The porkie is just what it sounds like and the barbie is a BBQ bacon cheeseburger with crispy fired onions. These guys know what's up when it comes to mini burgers and the fries are always a nice compliment to any mini burg. 

What I suggest since they are mini burgers is that if your hungry you order 3 and worry about what's not left over after if you catch my drift. Don't forget to give the "DAP" at the window or as they like to call it "Window Love". 

These guys have been doing it big ever since they got on the streets of Las Vegas and are they aren't about to stop as they are about to open two brick and mortar locations in the near future, heck they might even have another one poppin off by the time I finish typing this review.  They also started a little event called vegas streats and if you don't know you should. Google it.  

Find these guys all over the vegas valley day and night rain or shine and if you can't catch the truck, well then be sure to stop by one of their new locations opening before 2012. 

Long time follower, first time reviewer

Vegas Villain
The pulled pork sandwiches were decent. Could of used a little more sauce and seemed a little salty. Definitely a fan of the Sweet potatoe tater tots. The wait wasnt long either.
YUM.

Sliders are probably the latest fad in novelty food. They're kinda like cupcakes- miniature versions its larger predecessor, but much cuter and much more expensive. Still, doesn't stop us from buying into it right?

I had the plain the the crazy one. The plain was delicious- perfectly cooked burger, not dried out like sliders usually are, topped with a little cheese, on a cute little bun. Simple enough.

The Crazy One however... HOLY CRAP. Pork tenderloin, apple slaw, onion straws, bacon.... this was really quite spectacular. They made it in honor of steve jobs, and it certainly does him justice. It's absolutely delicious. Try it while they still have it.... you will not regret it.

I hope to try them again. If I did have one thing I would change... iw ould have them list their prices on their menu. But I think that's it. They're really friendly here, and they're really energetic too, sometimes shouting and shaking their truck! Try this one! They're really cool!
Really great food. The truck goes everywhere during the week so it's easy to plan a sliders night. The only issue I've ever had is quality control. Some nights, when the people who own the truck are working, it's the best food money can buy. Others, when people just hired for expansion are working, I'd rather eat something else.

Still, #windowlove
This is gourmet food on wheels! OMG every thing I've ever ordered is prepared right on site and to perfection! They are @ UNLV on Mondays so I know every Monday what I am having for lunch. I like the slider's because they are small and I don't get disgustingly full, just right and the sweet potato fries are superb! Love the pork slider, but I like to switch it up and I like the variety! Yum
Here's the thing - I don't like the bread.
 I like bread actually I love bread and when I'm enjoying my slider I need my bread to be soft & not too thick. The top part of the bread is just too thick. It almost remids me of how your bread tastes like when you open a bag of bread & don't seal it overnight. The next day it isn't soft and tastes a bit tough. Yeah, if the bread was soft/fresh I'd give more stars.

While making a stop at the Slider Truck on my way home one Wednesday evening I did mention to the dude at the ordering window that I'm not feeling the bread. He asked why and I told him that the few times that I've gotten a slider the bread just wasn't soft and didn't taste fresh to me. In his exact words he smiled and said "NAWWWW" 
He did yell to the dudes making our sliders to make sure the bread is soft. The BF thinks because I complained about the bread that they most likely spit in our sliders- Gosh, I sure hope not.....

Well, the bread was the same as all my other visits so I'm not sure whats going on. It seems like I'm the only one who has a problem with the bread so maybe I'm a freakin Alien!!!!!

Anyhow,the inside of the slider is good. The Barby is our favorite- the Balsamic reduction really sets the Captain's order apart from the others-it has such a uniqe taste. The Pep Pep is our least favorite - taste wise it just doesn't compare to the other sliders. Our first time at the truck they gave us a bag to sample their fries,sweet potato fries and sweet potato tater tots. That was very nice of them and surprisingly my favorite was the sweet potato tater tots. 

I do think that the special sliders for $5.00 is too expensive. It's like people who don't eat meat have to pay extra for the caprese slider but isn't the cost of beef more than the cost of one little slice of eggplant?
I'm mean when all is said and done they may say that they put more stuff in the special sliders but it's still between 2 tiny slider buns. 

The new Slider truck location looks like it's going to open up soon near my work fully equipped with a drive thru window that says "WINDOWLOVE". I'll go back and give them a try again but I just hope the bread improves.....

** Wow, this is my first review with no pics- holy crap, I have been taken over by an Alien**
Slidin' Thru ignited the Vegas food truck scene back in 2010..... Slidin' Thru HQ made it easier to get your hands on their tasty mini burgs without having to track the truck down.....Now, you can triple your chances and get them here at Slidin' Thru NW!!!!

I popped in during their soft opening and as you step inside, fist bumps all around, and the workers are all looking like Ric Guerrero with their black caps and glasses!

Cool artwork and an assortment of Slidin' Thru Streatwear decorate the walls. Other cool additions besides a drive-thru where you can get some windowlove if you're in a hurry
are a couple of insta-gram screens where you can post and tag photos and send tweets instantly with your smart phone...SWEET!!!

Menu items are the same-all your favorite mini burgs and superfries are here, and they will also be serving milkshakes too!  
Congrats Ric and the Slidin' Thru family on your latest addition, and welcome to the neighborhood!

The Slidin' Thru NW Official Grand Opening is Tomorrow at 5pm with some cool swag for the first few lucky customers.....BE THERE!!!!!ALOHA!!!!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(110/365) "Slidin' Thru 3.0"
That's a tasty burger!
Great Sliders!  Will be back!
We tried the Porky, Caprese, Ya Ya, and Pep Pep with sweet potato fries. Location was awesome. They have a drive thru. Wait was a little long (20 min for 1st order, 10 min for 2nd) but thats cuz they hand press the patties as you order and they were packed. They have a smaller lobby so seating was limited. Food is good, bread could be better but all in all its a good place to eat.
Never tried the food truck, but with the opening of this location, my friends and I figured we'd give it the chance to impress. Being that these are sliders (i.e. not very large or filling), we tried a couple each. Now, I probably would've gone with more than that, but the prices here are bug-nutty bonkers. $3.00 average for one slider. It is more cost effective to eat at an actual restaurant, like Red Robin, which simply isn't reasonable for a drive thru. Now let me describe these things to you.

The bun is a fitting size for a decent slider, but this becomes a problem when the ingredients inside don't even reach the edge. What comprises any one of these things are tasty, quality ingredients, but good luck experiencing them under all that bread. You can expect a golf ball sized gob of meat that isn't flattened much, with toppings sprinkled or stacked in a way that makes it more tall than wide. Often times, especially in the use of something like feta cheese, it all falls out the second it's moved or bumped. Yes, they are nice, but 20-30% more between the bread would've made a world of difference, and might actually let you taste something.

So about a dollar a bite for something overpowered by the most plain ingredient. To back these up, we had the plain fries, as having them topped with sauces, cheese, bacon or even marshmallow results in a near doubling of the price. Absolutely nothing special, tasting about as bland as fries can possibly taste. To be nice, they had a pleasant crispiness to them and are quite heavy, so even more carb overload to quiet the protein deficiency the sliders may have left you with.

The inside aesthetic is comic book heavy, with minimal seating and an absolutely ridiculous number of employees milling around each other like a small mob. I counted 13 in a space designed for about 7. And this place pushes stereotypical hipsterism as hard as it possibly can on everyone that goes near the place. I fully expect there to be boxes of Buddy Holly glasses just sitting around in the back room, because half the employees wear them as part of the uniform. Expect to be treated like some long-standing homie, with ironic undertones that we're all too cool to be in a fast food joint. It's as if management is pushing so hard for the place to be considered hip that it flies magnificently overboard into some kind of surreal joke. Sup bro? Sweet. Bump. That'll be twenty-eight bucks.
I never got around to trying the slider truck out but was excited to hear that they opened a permanent location in the Northwest side of town!

My wife had brought one of each home from them last Friday and everything was great.  The sweet potato fries and some kind of fries with smores in it was pretty good.

On Saturday, we went back again to correct something that went awry in our take out order the night before.  They were excellent.  This is what customer service is about!

We tried their pep fries and DANG! I am hooked!  My favorites are the Barby, Pep Pep and Yaya!  

The people that work there are awesome.  The place is new and clean.  In the bathroom, they have chalk so you can write on their black board walls. They have a Twitter dump on their wall and their ice machine makes the tiny / almost shaved ice kind of ice!  Good location right off Durango and 2-15, we'll be dropping by this store again for sure!

Also, for those who are navigating your way out there, Google Maps is wrong - the store is on the NORTH EAST corner of Durango and Centennial in the same shopping center as 7-Eleven.
OK, Slidin' Thru gang - please don't take this the wrong way.  I love you guys.  I love the fun atmosphere of your truck and now your brick and mortar restaurant.  I love that your employees seem to enjoy their work which is awesome.  I also love that you have improved your french fries - they were great!
But.....
Your sliders weren't up to their normal awesomeness today.  I went in expecting to love it as much as I always loved the ones I got from your truck.  I dragged along a friend that "doesn't do food trucks" fully expecting her to be blown away by how good your stuff is.  And, well, lunch was just OK.  Aside from the yummy fries the two sliders weren't as special as usual.  
I hate making that comment without constructive details, but I am not entirely sure what was different.  I ordered my two favorites - Porky and Barbie, and they were just Ok. 
I will be sure to check back in a few weeks and see if you have returned to your normally wonderful self, but I am not sure that friend of mine will be willing to make a repeat visit.
Best of luck to you, please don't grow so fast you can't keep up the quality you started with.
The first issue I had was the fact they do not brew iced tea, but only offer tea from the fountain (lazy).  There were also two flavors of soda with signs they were "all swagged out" as well as a sign on the ranch dressing dispenser it had run out and to ask staff for ranch.  When I asked for ranch no one seemed to know where it was and there was a delay in finding me a small cup of ranch

I am not sure if their cash register does not allow them to group sliders for each dinner or if the cashier just failed to enter our order properly, but we had to examine each slider in the baskets to figure out which slider belonged to which dinner.  The decor was unique and modern but was ruined by the constant yelling of the staff.  

As for the sliders, the beef sliders were dry and overcooked and had a small, tall round portion of meat in the center which meant about half the bites of slider were not enjoyed with meat (there is a reason White Castle has thin square patties that cover the entire bun).  The meat on the porky was dry and seemed like the meat was a Sysco or similar frozen product and not prepared on sight from roast.
I first had Slidin' Thru this summer and it was a great experience.  A fist bump for everyone!  Plus a vegetarian friendly slider!  With my all-time favorite mozzarella!

The slider was awesome and the balsamic reduction really sealed the deal for me.  The best part?  It was like 7 bucks for 3 sliders.  It was a steal!

I've seen Slidin' Thru a couple times at other events (StrEATs, First Friday) but they've had a limited menu with nothing for my vegetarian belly.  I sadly had to walk by and dream of a Caprese slider for another day.

I finally caught up with them again a couple weeks ago and noticed that their menu had giant stickers over the prices (or specifically, over the slider combo prices).  I thought maybe someone played a joke on them and stickered up their ride.  Well after paying $15 for 4 sliders, apparently the joke was on me.   

I'm silently weeping right now as I write this.  Their Caprese sliders were great and I would love to hit them up every time I happen to see their truck.  But, this girl needs to be a little more picky with how she spends her money and sliders aren't exactly filling- so, Slidin' Thru is going to be more of a delicacy.  

For food and overall experience, I would say 4 or maybe even 5 stars.  But with the new prices I'm going to have to bump them down for now.
I was very excited when Slidin Thru opened. I went to their Grand Opening but the line was too long and I was starving, so I decided to check it out the day after their grand opening. It was busy but not as busy as the day before. 

I ended up getting the Barby since I've had it before and I loved it. I also ordered their fried which had salt and pepper. The fries were not too salty, it was perfectly seasoned. The only thing about their sliders, it is a little pricey running from $3.00 to $3.50 per a slider. But I can say that the sliders are pretty filling. 

I love the artwork inside, it makes it different from other fast food places. The people were very friendly and apologized to the people that have been waiting a while for their food.
I dunno, but for some reason I'm so proud of Ric and his boys for making it to brick and mortar status.  I've been supporting these guys since the beginning, so it's nice to see that they've "made it."

Stepping in this place, I felt like they had surpassed themselves in professionalism.  While keeping their Slidin Thru attitude of a fun environment to eat at, they slicked everything out with LCD monitors to show the menu and more comfortable seating than their old HQ location.

The prices have changed a bit, slightly for the better for me.  I told Ric he should honor the old 3 for $7 pricing as a sort of "secret menu" like one competitor.

Music was awesome in there.  Heard some Chromeo, some Hot Chip, some Tinie Tempah... can't ask for much more.

I would say I'm bummed this place isn't closer to me, but it's probably a good thing as I would spend too much time and money at this place.  Once in awhile I'll make the drive up here.
I heart this place for many reasons, one of which is that it's close by (super cool places are few and far between way up here in the north).  Also, the restaurant has a bright, fun, colorful atmosphere that is very fitting for all the bright, fun, colorful employees serving up your dinner.  The menu is a little bigger than the truck's and there are still plenty of fist bumps to be had!

I came here late on their opening night and it was still packed regardless of the fact that it was way past a reasonable dinner time.  Just goes to show you that everyone enjoys themselves a mini burg.  Although I'm sure the employees had been slammed all day, they were still as friendly as ever.  We ordered our caprese sliders and just stuck with the regular fries.  Maybe we'd try some of the new menu items at a later date.

The caprese sliders were just as good as always- ever generous with the mozzarella and eggplant and ever extra yummy from the basil and balsamic reduction.  The fries may not be the best in the world, but they are certainly really good and recommended.

Now, I was considering giving Slidin' Thru NW three stars like the food truck.  I think the price is a little high and it makes me sad.  But I am bumping it up to four stars.  Why?  Well, since I have a fun place to sit and enjoy my food, I think that deserves a little more love.  Secondly, I came back and had the barby fries.

Imagine some of the greatest things in life - cheese, barbeque sauce, crispy fried onions.  Now imagine these things all piled on top of french fries and sprinkled with a little bit of jalapeno.  They may wreck your diet, but do you really need to lose those last two pounds?  I think not.

This is definitely a fun little place to come hang out at.  Perfect for getting a snack or a full meal.  Perfect for a group of friends to hang out, or perfect for bringing your kids to get them their own lil' burg.  I still think the price is a little high on some items but fine if you don't stop by every single day.  Just be careful.  After you have the barby fries for yourself, you might start to consider making this place a part of your daily routine.
Before you get mad....... Slidin' Thru ACTUALLY gets a 2.5. I get it. They're nice guys, they fist bump you to make you feel special (even though you're not), they have a cool atmosphere with what some consider to be good music (I don't), and they serve (pretty) tasty sliders. I've caught the truck twice before in the past, and both times my stomach was still hungry and the pockets in my pants felt molested.

I'm not going to whack around the bush; Slidin' Thru's prices are outrageous. If you are like me and thought that 3 sliders for $7 was a bit much on the truck, you're going to be totally disappointed now. Seven hundred and forty six dollars for a single mini-burg. Just kidding! But you can pay upward of $3.50 for one burger; and as of opening day, no 3 for $7. How cheap! And not the good kind of cheap either. 

In the end, I agree with the masses that Slidin' Thru has a lot of character and good eats. But unfortunately they also have steep prices and long wait times. Did I mention my slider buns weren't exactly fresh either? If I'm going to pay nearly four dollars for one tiny hamburger; it better give my mouth a boner! 

While it's good to see Slidin' Thru open a location so close to my house, I think I'll take my three million Carl's Jr. coupons (thanks, mailbox!) to Uncle Carl and gets me some full-sized charbroiled burgers in the future. Call me cheap : I work hard for my money! The menu is refreshing and the fist bumps are a nice touch; but it'll take more than that to get MY yen.

* This review is for the Durango location.
Read about this place in the local paper so we thought we'd give it a try after sledding in Lee Canyon.  Its in a pretty easy corner off Durango which you can see when you've just past the hospital and the 215.  

Looks like a good selection of burger options, but its our first time so we went for some Plain Jane's and a couple Porky burgers.  The Porkys are great.  The Plain Janes -- 2 stars,   After biting into one you say to yourself "How much did I pay for this #%@&?"   This place is EXPENSIVE for what you'd expect to be about a 35 cent burger.    I hope they can stick around long enough to come up with a Dollar Value Menu.  
Tried the sweet potato hot tots.  Tastes more like cinnamon glue.  Brought some home for others to try and still the same reaction -- tasteless for sweet potato.  

Next time I'm going to try the eggplant and the other choices.  Hopefully by then, they'll drop their prices on the plain stuf.
I am familiar with the original Slidin' Thru food truck as it was a common occurrence to visit when they made a stop near my office.  Now that they have a standing location in the NW near my home, I thought I would give it a try.  Yes, it is a little pricey for sliders.  In their defense, they do use some premium ingredients and the little sliders are more filling than you would expect.  The menu selection at the restaurant is an expanded version of the trucks original.  They have beef sliders, a pork slider, and even a couple of chicken sliders.  They have regular fries and sweet potato fries in plain or several other variants.  They have a soda fountain and sodas in old fashioned glass bottles.  It is all pretty much a standard burger stand.  It is both retro and modern at the same time.  The staff is great.  They have fun with their job and it shows in both their attitude and product.  I love them.  I give them four stars (truly 3.5) because the sandwiches I got in the restaurant were not as good as from the truck.  Less sauce on my porky.  Jalapenos that were more fresh than caramelized.  It also took a little long to get my food.  I like this place.  I really do.  I plan to visit again.  I just can't give them a perfect score yet.
I was very excited to see no line at the Slidin Thru truck last nite at First Friday. I went to the window and waited over five minutes just to have my order taken. 
I ordered two Porkys, I was told they were out of pulled pork, since my heart was set on the Porky, I let out an "Awww". I was completly shocked to hear the guy in the window rudely say "what do you expect? We've been out here for hours". 
Instead I ordered two sliders, a plain jane and a Barbie. Opted out of the fries I was gonna order, just because of his rudeness. 
Now, it pains me to say this because I was a HUGE fan of this truck. But- the sliders were just okay. Barely okay. First of all- I waited for 24 minutes to get my order (keep in mind, no line when ordering). The buns on both of my sandwiches were cold. The bottoms were toasted- but the bread was totally COLD. In addition to being cold, it was stale. My slider meat seemed smaller than normal. On the plain jane, it was all cold bread, cold ketchup. On the barbie, the meat was warm, and all other components were cold. 
Sadly after eating my sliders, a friend asked "ooh slidin thru- was it good?". I honestly answered "NO". 
Not in a big rush to line up and wait at the Slidin Thru truck anytime soon.
Love love love Slidin Thru! My favs are the Ya-Ya and Buffalo Solider. Regular fries are the best in town.
I love the sliders here especially the Caprese but I am an even bigger fan of their superfries like the "Sweet Patatoe Smores Fries" and their "Barbie Fries" The only complaint I had was that the buns could be toasted or warmed up but it's like they heard me thinking hard while waiting for my order cause voila buns were toasted!
It is hard to not love this place. Ric and the crew are all very personable and the food is solid. The Barbie and Pulled Pork are permanently emblazoned in my mind. I have tried a few other items but nothing compares to these BBQ masterpieces. The caramelized jalapenos are the key to how much I love these sandwiches. It is either that or they are slipping crack into the BBQ sauce. One taste and I am hooked. 

My sister and I had split the Smore Fries once and I still cringe at the fact that we finished a whole order. For anyone who is trying Slidin' Thru for the first time, it is not for the faint of hearts. This decadent treat should probably not be tackled by one person. Tow people is still a stretch, but since this fatty could knock it out with help, it is not impossible. 

The food is reasonable and that is good because it is a far drive for me to get there. I cannot wait for the Fort Apache location to open up.
Q: What do you get when you take a bunch of crazy guys, delicious sliders, and a brick and mortar restaurant? 

A: The future of "Fast Food."

I've been a follower of the Slidin' Thru guys for over a year and each time I eat the food and live the experience I am always amazed. That experience definitely translates to Slidin' Thru NW as they have managed to keep the food just as delicious while still staying true to their overly enthusiastic style. Throw in some dubstep/classic rock and this is somewhere I could see spending Friday night with some friends. Sad? Not a chance!
I've been following SlidinThru since the beginning, and the only thing I really wish they could work on is the price!! Really, I understand these are "gourmet" sliders, but its ridiculous. I spent 40$ on a small meal for the whole family, including their special fries and 2 drinks. The food, great as always. Service, great and funny as usual. Hopefully prices come down some day.
I really wanted to love this place, given all of the wonderful things I'd heard, but unfortunately it just seems to be another over-hyped novelty that doesn't stand up.  I've been twice and sampled as many burgers as possible to be sure it wasn't an off night, and haven't found anything to recommend.  Now, I've only been to their brick and mortar location, and have not sampled directly from the food truck itself, but it doesn't sound like there is any difference.  

The wait is unreasonably long, nothing I have tried was piping hot and none of it tasted as if it were made fresh to order (other than assembling the burger and toppings).  I was also a little surprised by the prices.  They are quite high, but would have been worth it had the burgers been phenomenal.

The bun to meat ratio is way off.  The top bun is way too thick (or the meat is way too thin).  I also agree with some of the other reviewers about the dryness/staleness of the bread.  Each time, I ended up picking off about half of the top bun because it was so thick and dry.  

The toppings I have had are bland and get absorbed by the bread, and the meat itself has no taste.  McDonald's makes a more flavorful "special sauce".  The sauce on my burger had less flavor than plain mayo.  

The only highlight of the meal were the bbq fries (with jalepenos, bbq sauce, onion strings, bacon).  Despite being shoestring fries, they were crispy enough to hold up under all of the toppings and were quite yummy!  

Unfortunately, some decent fries aren't enough to bring me back again.  Overpriced, overhyped, and underwhelming.
My First Love.... in Food Trucks that is. I remember going to their truck stop during the summertime by Yogurtland and getting a coupon for a free cup off yogurt after you eat their sliders... Great, great marketing strategy ;) The energy they bring when ordering makes all the difference in the experience of their followers. I didn't even know what to expect coming from having a mentality that "Food Trucks" were dirty and the food was considered.. junk. I had an immediate change of heart from my first experience in trying this particular food truck. Fist pumps, the enthusiasm that makes you smile, and of course the sliders and sweet potato fries... I was literally blown the heck away.

Now to the goods... These are my usual:

The Barby: Love cheddar cheese.. it's melted on top of the thick mini patty with a piece of crisp bacon, tangy bbq sauce. On the bottom layer.. there are some caramelized jalapenos and crispy fried onion strips. The soft fluffy buns with all these elements of deliciousness. makes this my favorite slider...

The Yaya: Reminds me of some greek food, but in a slider form. I'm not a huge fan of Feta Cheese, but in this combination.. it works. This slider was somewhat... refreshing to bite into. The fresh lettuce, tomato, red onion, tzatziki, and red wine vinaigrette made it like a healthy treat than anything else. Loved it.

The Captain's Order: Another feta cheese version that I did like...  You can't go wrong with sauteed onion and crisp bacon in a slider.. I call this a Classy One. Included balsamic reduction, roma tomato, and arugula. Flavorful and nice bite from the balsamic reduction. The feta cheese in both sliders really give it a lot of character and color to each bite. Enjoyed this one very much.

Sweet Potato Fries: Long thin rectangular shaped fries... Absolutely LOVE them. 

Occasionally I'll try something different... I did like the Pulled Pork. The meat was so tender!!! The spice from the bbq sauce and caramelized jalapenos brighten the whole taste and gave this slider a great kick!!! Ha Yaaaah on that! 

I did go adventurous one night and ordered their Mystery Slider... which was Da Irish Hash!!!  A WHOLE hash brown, egg, chedda peno, n bacon. As I was eating this slider, half the hash brown fell off and even eating that only was so darn good!! Crisp on the outside, tender in the inside... now that's a great piece of hash! This mystery slider made my night... it was so delicious and hearty. I so needed this from dancing like a maniac at work and let me tell you... I left Very happy!!! 

Now for dessert.. I did try their Sweet Potato Smores. They bring it out to you like a baked casserole. Melted marshmallows, chocolate syrup, and topped with crumbled graham crackers. Dig in and you'll find yourself lost in sweet ecstasy. So warm and so good. This really is soothing to the soul. Some think soup.. but if you're sick of soup.. think of this dessert! ;)  

Service has always been exceptional here... Nick introduced me to Jarritos. Delicious lime flavor that goes well with sliders and fries.. Thanks Nick!!! My girlfriend took me here for my birthday and she was confused at first on why I chose this spot to have a nice birthday dinner. She goes... you sure?!?! There's some nice places in the hotels you know? I told her.. I know, but you asked and this is where I want to go. So we met up here and she was just pleasantly surprised how good this place was. She told me... now I understand why you wanted to come here :D Damn right girl!!! There were times where the server? would attempt to skateboard with my food in his hands... I thought that was quite cute and amusing... until he dropped a few of my sweet potato fries!!! I was like Oh Noooooo!!! AHhhhhh!!! I almost... almost dived down to the ground to catch it in my mouth, but he ran all those fries over... such tragedy of sweet potato fries in my mouth world. One time they even came out dancing to serve our food.. So entertaining! I thought it was the cutest thing :D It's a treasure to have a place like this here in Vegas... One of my loves for life.
I'm use to the Slidin Thru food truck and I love them.  I been to the Slidin Thru HQ and found it kind of small, but still love them.  Now Slidin Thru NW, got to say its a bit of a change on pricing, but WAY better than HQ and still love them.  Reading some of these other reviews and trying to compare the food truck pricing to the restaurant.  I'm sure some of these people can take the time to understand, running a food truck vs running a restaurant is two different things.  I understand that they offer certain amount of sliders for a certain price.  But trying to maintain a restaurant, you have to put the price somewhere, to keep the business open.  Maintaining a food truck is probably easier, than maintaining a restaurant.  So I understand where the pricing in the restaurant is a bit more than the food truck pricing. Plus you got limit amount of items, unlike other restaurant that has a few dozen items.   Either way, I respect Slidin Thru.

Other than pointing out the difference and seeing where they have to make those changes, for them to run the restaurant. I still give Slidin Thru much love and respect.  Coming from a Food Truck to a decent size restaurant, and still maintain the food truck, is a big accomplishment.   I applaud them for that.  

Slidin Thru is located on the corner of Durango and Centennial, right behind 7-11,  It's bright, and very creative and of course you always get that warm feeling.  Either from the color scheme or the energetic staff.  They will make you feel that you matter.  

I've been here a few times, and always order the Pep Pep and Barby Fries, which I believe is amazing.  I just love the mixture of flavor they put on the Barby Fries.  I always wanted to try the sweet potato smore's, but with the Pep Pep and Barby fries, they tend to be my favorite.  

I like the fact that they have a drive Thru, where you can order and go.  I do like going inside to order, just to feel that energetic atmosphere.  That right there, shows that these people have some kind of spunk and love what they do.  

If you love the food truck of Slidin Thru, you'll love the restaurant.  I'll admit that the pricing may differ from the food truck, but remember, maintaining a food truck differs from maintaining a restaurant.  You still get the same great taste and the same great energy from the staff.  But at the restaurant, you have that luxury of driving thru or dining inside in a nice and unique atmosphere.
If you were a fan of the original Slidin' Thru Slider truck, then there is no doubt in my mind that you'll love this.

Pretty much it takes everything that is awesome from the truck (quality, atmosphere, fun, value) while getting rid of the things that often annoyed me (30-40 minute waits, d-bags cutting in line, no real place to sit down and eat).

I will always and forever be in love with the porkie, it is one of the cheapest sliders on the menu and for few bucks you can get the combo pack.  I love their god tier fries, I really can't find a way to nitpick.  

The only gripe I could see from other people would be that the location is kind of way NW Vegas, but since I live close to the area, I am fine with the location.  

You'll definitely will see me here in the future.

#WindowLove
#SlidinThruMyHeart
#HappyPanda
Hubby and I successfully climbed a mountain today and, as usual after a successful ascent, I was hungry.  Tummy was rumbling and grumbling like a disgruntled bear.  I've been wanting to try Slidin' Thru NW for a while and today was it.  Nothing like a good long hike to give one an excuse to eat really bad food.....

....and the food was bad in that great wonderful junk food way, except the quality of the ingredients was very high!  I ordered one Plain Jane sans cheese (regular angus beef slider) and one Porky (bbq pulled pork) and hubby ordered one Pep Pep (BLT + cheese) and one Caprese (as in the salad).  We shared an order of the sweet potato fries.

Great flavour and food quality.  The Porky bbq sauce is SO GOOD.  What do they put in it??  Hubby's Caprese slider was delish as well, featuring a nice blend of the balsamic vinegar with the mozza.  Some may feel the prices to be on the high side for baby burgers, but I'm ok with paying a bit more for quality.  (And, the sliders aren't baby sized.  Two plus a side of fries is a decent meal.)  Prices range from $2.50-$3.50 for sliders and $2 for regular fries to $3 for the sweet potato fries.

NB: The sweet potato fries are sweet!  Instead of salt, the folks at Slidin' Thru sprinkle a cinnamon-sugar-y mix over the fries.  I prefer my fries salty, so will not order the sweet potato fries again; that said, the fries were crispy and hot!

NB#2: Is there a way to avoid the use of styrofoam?  I know that the sliders can get messy and hot sliders are the goal, especially for the drive thru customers, but styrofoam?  Really?

The place was super clean when we went earlier today and the staff very enthusiastic about our first-time visit.  :)
I love a good fist bump before dinner! I wasn't prepared to yell,"There is no salt in my pants" before I ordered though. It was worth my embarrassment because I earned a discount!  If you want to say silly things and earn rewards like Slidin Thru on facebook and they will keep you posted.

I had the Barby and Plain Jane slider. The Barby had caramelized jalapenos, melted cheddar,crispy fried onion strips, bacon and BBQ sauce. It was packed with sweet, spicy flavor. The Plain Jane may only have had cheese and ketchup but it was still very tasty! Jon and I also shared the Barby Fries which has the same ingredients as the burger minus the meat. 

We ended the meal with dessert. We thought that there was a Smore Sundae but they actually put them on their sweet potato fries. The guy behind the counter was nice enough to make us a make shift sundae. We had vanilla ice cream with Graham Cracker sprinkles and it was all topped with chocolate sauce. It's nice to know that they like to go the extra mile for customer service because there are so many places that slack in this area.
I have never had a worse burger! Bread was stale messed up my order 2x! I will not be returning! I can just imagine when they hold Vegas StrEATs, how bad there service is.
I came to Slidin' Thru for one purpose: knock it out of the way so it's one less food truck to hit at the next strEATs event. I had heard mixed reviews but had no clue what to expect.

When I walked in I felt like I stepped into the pages of an old school comic book. The menu isn't much but is everything you need. When we stepped up to order, I was immediately gestured for a fist bump.. I felt like the new girl who was accepted with open arms by the nerds in high school. I love nerds! 

The barby was so yummy and I was feeling adventurous so I asked for the mystery sandwich. When the food came I quickly realized the mystery was the famed Porky Tacos (an off menu secret item). Already sampling off menu items on my first day? This definitely made me smile. The tacos were delicious and although spicy, it was just the kick they needed.

For desert we tried the Smores.. sweet potato fries topped with ice cream, hot fudge, and melted marshmallows. It was a little slice of heaven. The best part of the Slidin' Thru experience is that it's right down the street and I can relive it anytime. No long lines at a food truck :)
Really disappointing!  My girlfriend and I attended the food truck festival at the Southpoint.  I have read and heard so many great reviews.  Could not wait to try this place.  In fact, 40% on my reason for coming to this festival was to finally try Slidin' Thru.  First off, the line was really, really long.  I hate waiting in lines.  But, I'll admit its a fairly reliable sign of good food.  After about 15 minutes of waiting in line the person in front of us stated that Slidin' Thru was out of everything but the Plane Jane.  Thanks a lot Slidin' Thru for not telling us sooner.  At this point we were committed, even if I could only try the Plane Jane.  As we got near the ordering booth I noticed a group of girls lingering around the ordering booth.  They were typical high school girls: over concerned with their looks and not particularly friendly.  Perhaps, Slidin' Thru groupies as Slidin' Thru has earned their street credit as a cool place.  Then, it was my turn to order (around 30 minutes of waiting already).  The man was slow to take my order.  I'm sure he was tired because I know they were super busy, but the food festival had been going for only three hours (it was 8 pm and the thing went from 5 pm to 9 pm).  The truck was nicely decorated and hip-hop played on the radio inside.  We ordered two Plane Janes and one Caprese, they were out of everything else.  Then we began our wait for the order to be cooked.  One of the groupies picked up an megaphone and said "Hey, people of the truck.  We are out of everything but the Plane Jane."  Okay, so at least one works for the truck.  They were not all just groupies.  And, why hang out right at the ordering station?  The area was really crowded already.  It did not need 6 or 7 more people lingering.  Especially with their attitude.  Also, why not give the public service announcement every 5 or 10 minutes?  Why wait so long?  People get really pissed off for waiting in line so long just to find out something like that.  Our food finally came out.  Total time, about an hour.  The meat was under cooked.  It was pink in the middle and cold.  the buns were dried out and crusty.  The Caprese fell apart as we tried to eat it.  The food was not special.  I prefer In and Out Burger, and I always know where they are at.  The man working the counter apologized and began handing out cards for a free slider at their fixed Northwest location.  It was a nice gesture, but the food was not good.  I overheard him explaining to another customer that one of their storefront locations had recently closed because it could not make enough money.  I understand why.  I think this place probably makes descent sliders on most days and the whole food truck craze and their cool vibe has served them well.  However, they have become a victim of their own success.  Rarely do things meet over inflated expectations.  I'll give this place another try aside from a food truck festival, but for this experience, what a dud!
Ok, I needed to update.  Saw Slidin' Thru outside of Insert Coins tonight and they made me barby fries even though they don't normally serve that on the trucks (only the restaurant).  Love every employee I've ever met with Slidin' Thru!
Everything is good but ask for the tacos (tender mexican pork, crispy fried onions, caramelized jalapeños, tzatziki sauce, and feta cheese) which are not on the menu but should be. Amazing! Also, the mystery burgers are always excellent. Last week I had a glazed donut bacon cheeseburger that was one of the most amazing things I have ever put in my mouth!
According to their web site, they were going to be at Sam Boyd Stadium today 11am-5pm. I walked 10 minutes from my house to Sam Boyd and got there around 3pm. I looked all around the parking lot and especially closely at the food vendor area. They weren't there.

1 star for not being able to find them at their scheduled time and place. I'll retract this if somebody corrects me and lets me know that they really were there but were at some not-so-obvious location. Otherwise, how can I trust that they'll be where they say they'll be the next time?
I've been a fan of Rics little dream before many knew of the truck. I do like the idea of not having to chase around a truck and just go down the street. The staff is trained to be just as nice as Ric is and they talk the same as Ric and greet with fist bumps. 

The menu has at a few expansions and changes. They done away with the 1-$3, 2-$5, 3- $7 and now it is individually priced from $2.50- $3.50 per slider.   Feel free to ask for a substitute of eggplant or chicken into the slider flavors. And you can upgrade to combos with any sliders. 

The Barby is still my favorite burger slider- the sauce the jalapeno and the onion crisps get me every time. I do like the Chicky Boom that is on the menu now and my usual is the caprese or sub eggplant into the yaya.A little note, I noticed they use plain type buns now but way back when it was more like a sweet bun and I prefer the texture of those which I thought gave it more of a "gourmet" slider feel as it should. 

Fries wise, I either go plain or I like the barby superfries when I'm feeling extra junkfoody.  I see shakes are a new addition and I have not tried them out yet. 

Overall, a welcome addition to my neighborhood and glad to see a local business doing well.
Tried them out at the Southpoint food truck festival a couple weeks ago after I saw very high marks here on Yelp.

Sucked.

How can you report to a food festival with EXTREMELY stale buns???  The old, cold, crumbly bread made everything else taste like crap.  What was worse is I waited in line for it.

Not going back.
This review is a bit late, but better late then never, life's events takes it's toll...So, This is my second time coming here. I wish they were closer to my home, 40 + mile round trip. 
I really like the vibe and the quirky things that makes this place unique. It really sets this place apart from "just another burger joint". 

I had the Barby,  Captains order and dessert. Good Burgers and dessert, I am a happy camper  The place got filled up fast once we got there, just play off as they are our entourage. 

At first they were a bit hesitate to give us the dessert because I guess they only had enough for a few more smores. The let us have it anyways. Next visit will be harder because I tried almost everything; then again any of the burgers will do the trick.
3.5 overall rounded to 4 for being somewhat unique and great service.

I was excited to try this place, so much so that I skipped lunch yesterday and spent an extra 20 min on the treadmill to build up maximum hunger before going (not healthy, i know) for my 1st time :)

The location is sadly far from me but worth a trip 1x at least.

With maximum hunger I ordered the plain jane mini meal, the buffalo soldier and the caprese.  The guy asked is that all?...and i just laughed at him and he laughed back at me lol.

Plain Jane - Nothing special but solid little burger.  If not for the very generous serving of fries i'd feel ripped off by the price of the combo   3/5

Buffalo Soldier - My first bite was like all bun and ranch...yuck.  I had to kind of hunt for the ingredients and break it down.  The hot sauce and swiss were almost non existent and the chicken was this tiny little piece of flavorless meat.  The crispy onions were good and a nice touch.  Wouldn't repeat this one or would try it light ranch and more hot sauce?   2/5

Caprese-  Saved this for last....A friend of mine says you can really taste food with your eyes, and she's right!  It was clear this was going to be the best slider as you could see the fresh eggplant and cheese, tomato bulging outside of the bun.  It was like the Buffalo Soldier and the Caprese came from different slider joints.  Very tasty and the most balanced of the 3 I tried.   5/5

Fries - Regular fries with the combo were really good and generous portion.  4/5

Overall comments
1.  Price..all this food was $11, which seemed steep but I was ridiculously full after so I guess it's highish but not ridiculous.  I think people would warm up to the price if the value meals came with 2 sliders and less fries perhaps?  The plain jane was pretty tiny and the ala carte price of $2.5 seems LOL   3/5

2.  The buns....weren't bad, weren't great....but seemed uninspired and seemed to dominate the sliders with the exception of the Caprese.  I felt myself wanting to ditch the bun by the time I got to this one.  Maybe they could reduce the size of the buns?   2/5

3.  Awesome service.  I know they fist bump everyone and say hi and bye enthusiastically to everyone but if that was the norm in this little world wouldn't we all be happier :)   The staff seemed genuine and like they enjoyed working there  5/5


Overall the experience left me wanting to try more...i'll be back after another long workout!!!
I have been a faithful fan of Slidin Thru ever since my co workers introduced me to them about two years ago. I always tried to pay a visit to their truck whenever they stopped near my workplace or home.

For the past 6-7 months, I noticed their truck don't make rounds to various area of Vegas like they used to, especially since they opened a restaurant in northwest and with a new one coming in southwest. I thought it's probably because their cooks now work in the restaurants.

Fast forward to recently, I finally got a chance to try various sliders that they make a few days ago and were surprisingly disappointed. Their juicy delicious sliders are now replaced by their stale buns and dried patty. Their customer service kinda lost the friendliness that I used to see from them. 

Anyway, I thought I was just being judgmental and sensitive, but base on some recent unhappy reviews from my fellow yelpers, I guess I wasn't being oversensitive or over negative.

I hope Slidin Thru reads reviews from here and realize that they shouldn't ignore or abandon the fan base that used to drive out of the way to eat their sliders and supported their business.
I've been to this place just once.  I went on a Friday night soon after this location opened, and they seemed to be having trouble.  I got home to find that my order was wrong, so I drove the 10-15 minutes back to get it corrected.  They still got it wrong, but on the third try, it was right.  I had one slider that was called a Captain-something.  It was OK, not great.  They were nice about correcting the problem, but I'm not in a hurry to go back.
This place looks like In-N-Out with a splash of Cool.
I usually don't drive out to the NW side of LV but Slidin Thru makes it worth it. 
I always get the barby, yaya, captain's order with a mexican coke.
$10 fills you up & don't be fooled by "Mini Burgers" they are a good size. 
BURGER FANS MUST TRY SLIDIN THRU NW!!
This truck is always at UNLV, which is convenient for me. I come here for their Caprese sliders. Delish. It goes a little like this: Bun, mozzarella, balsamic, basil, tomato, eggplant, heel. The only thing that I don't enjoy is that the fries are a hit or miss. Sometimes they're good, sometimes it's obvious they've been sitting there for a bit. I forgive them though because their customer service is great. They are always happy and very chill. Their concept is very hipster though. Which has good and bad connotations in my book.
I've eaten off their truck before and liked it, so we we're excited to finally make our way to the restaurant.
Upon entering we were greeted. The staff was nice enough and helpful but that was about the only good thing about our experience. I didn't care for the loud horrible music playing in the dining room. Waiting for our order we picked a table, all of them were dirty, there were 2 other tables with customers. They locked the front doors while we cleaned our own table. We thought that was weird. It was cold in there so I asked my hubby to grab my jacket out of the car, when he came back he said there was a car parked blocking their drive thru and wondered if they were closing. It was only 3:30, I had checked earlier to make sure they were open today before we made the drive over from the SW, and the hours said open Sundays til 9pm???
We got our food in good time, we got the Pep Pep, Barby, Captains Order, Plain Jane, Mystery Slider, and Pep Fries. So the mystery slider felt like they just threw a bunch of random stuff on a bun, chicken, mozzarella, pineapple, crispy fried onion strings, and some sort of hot sauce...it was tasteless. All of the sliders were dry and tasteless...the buns were stale, dry and crumbly. The fries were about the best thing which doesn't say much, you can tell they are frozen. This was one of the worst food experiences I've had in a while. BTW they placed a sign up in their window saying they closed at 3:30 pm to spend time with family, while we ate. We told Nick (name from receipt), our host, that we didn't like the food, it was dry. He was surprised, wanted to know if we wanted something else. Doug chocked down all the food cause he was hungry, and I wasn't about to eat more bad food, so we said no.
Outside as we were leaving, 3 cars had to turn around out of the drive thru because they had closed early. Maybe Slidin Thru made enough money last night at Vegas Streats that they don't need to worry about it.
I'll try the truck again but I won't waste my time and money at the NW location.
Just went to Slidin" Thru and I was not impressed. I had the Plain Jane and the Pep pep fries.  They are overpriced for the quality of the food. The fries looked microwaved and the burger was nothing special. I could of gotten the same thing at any burger joint and it would of tasted better. I also had a milk shake and the shake had ice crystals or something in it and to top it off the cashier took the remainder of the shake that was left over. I paid $4 bucks for that shake and he should of given the left over that didn't fit into the cup to me but he didn't. He acted like he was going to throw it out but began drinking it. These guys seem like a bunch of stoners out of Fast Times at Ridgemont  High. I was waiting for Spicolli to come out.
When I first walked in I felt like I was transported to some future fast food restaurant.   Where quality ruled & quantity is based on the customers desire.

I ordered 2 different sliders to see if they were good overall.   Mmmm, sure was.  The BBQ pulled pork was tender & very tasty w/ caramelized jalapenos.  Other was their Pep pep, a Bacon cheese Burger w/ the fixings!  When I finished these 2, I was extremely satisfied & realized I didn't need the fries I had ordered. 

Overall was a great first experience.   Thank you guys...
I had high hopes for Slidin Thru as my first Vegas food truck. 

It sucked. Simple as that. 

Yelp has guided me to some great places to eat over the years. Sadly, this is one time it failed. Regretfully, 1 star is all Slidin Thru will get from me.
This place was parked in front of my building one evening, so I had to give it a try. First off, the truck itself is super bad ass, and it gave my boyfriend a comic boner just from looking at it. 

We both got a single slider (we had dinner just a couple of hours earlier, but knew we had to hop on our chance to try this place out). I got the Barby, which is pretty much like a mini bacon cheeseburger. It was pretty tasty. My boyfriend got the pep pep which he said was the best slider he's had in his life. We shared a large bag of sweet potato fries. I was surprised to see they coated them in brown sugar, which was yummy! 

We only had to wait about 5 minutes for what seemed as super fresh food. Hopefully I find this truck again!
I guess the food is alright I just think it is way over priced for what you get.
I'm really disappointed in the sliders from Slidin' Thru.   I was happy to see that they offered a non-meat option so we tried the Caprese sliders.  Between the 2 of us, we couldn't eat 3 of them because they were so bad.  The buns were dry, old and stale.  The portion of ingredients didn't work well because the balsamic vinegar/reduction was too over powering for the cheese and tomato.  The first bite was met with the stiff bun, the cheese was not creamy, the vinegar taste punched you in the mouth and it lacked seasoning.  

I'm sad to write this review because I had high hopes for this restaurant.  I've read so many postive things about the Slidin' Thru food truck and was really excited to see their success and expansion into a building. 

I want to support local businesses so I'm not dismissing this place yet.  I'll just wait awhile before I try it again to see if they have heard their customers and are making any changes.
Ah, if only I had known you sooner...

Finally managed an encounter with these guys when they showed up at Ethel M for a Saturday afternoon event. Redeemed my $5-for-$10 LivingSocial deal with no hassle (bought back on Jan 12... yep, it's been a little bit of wait). Placed my order, waited not too long, and brought it home because I didn't feel like sitting around.

On the way home, I tried the sweet potato fries. They're dusted with sugar and (obviously) pretty sweet. I probably would've rather had normal fries if I had known how sweet it was, but to their credit, they did a great job on these.

Upon reaching home, I popped open my styrofoam slider box. My first slider was the Pulled Porky. Holy. Crap. This is absolutely the best pulled pork and BBQ Sauce that I've ever had (sorry, Ben's BBQ). The pork was so tender and juicy, and the sauce was perfect. I didn't even remember that it had jalapeno because I didn't taste anything spicy, so don't let it scare you off. It's one of the less expensive options and definitely the yummiest.

Next up: Pep Pep. Pretty good. Flavor profile isn't anything groundbreaking. It seemed like the meat on my slider was a little smaller than the mini-patty on my remaining slider. I decided to pop some sweet potato fries for this guy, and they actually made it a little more interesting.

Final slider was the Captain's Order. This was really yummy, and it was mostly due to the balsamic reduction. Not too sour or sweet and brings something different to the table. I didn't notice the feta cheese too much but it probably helped. Don't eat sweet potato fries with this slider or you'll regret it.

Overall, it's not perfect,  and I still remember my empty stomach from my first attempt to find them, but these guys are a good thing. I hope that they'll grace the streets of Henderson more often, but I'm sure I'll revisit them soon anyway and chow down on some Pulled Porkies.
I drove by on their grand opening and saw the long line of cars and I've seen their lunchwagon around town- I decided to wait till things calmed down alittle.  Slidin'
Thru, the drive-thru--at first checking out the menu, you almost need a translator to decipher what each sandwich is all about, but if you have questions, when you order from the live person at the window--they will explain it all.  Yes, the music is a little loud on the inside, but the staff is friendly and the slider's are tasty.  I loved the sweet potato fries and the simple but tasty Plain Jane.  I can't recall the name of the Chix slider with the battered onions, bacon, hot sauce and other dressings-but that is a go to.  Be prepared to bust out the cash, because it ain't cheap--one slider is not enough!  Hours could be extended though, open till 10 on weekdays, and 11 on weekends--would be great for a midnight snack or hang-out, if they went till at least 1am on weekends.
The Slidin' Thru food truck plus 5 others were set up in the parking lot at the soon to open new restaurant on Fort Apache.  These food trucks were primarily serving BBQ dishes, but we had a discounted gift certificate so we ordered (2) Caprese (vegetarian) sliders plus (1) Pep Pep (Angus beef) slider. The ingredients were excellent, but the rolls were a little too large and not as fresh as once would expect.  

A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
Finally! Slidin' Thru was here on the UNLV campus today. I love when they're on campus because they are always conveniently located right outside of my job. It's awesome really. I have only had one other experience with Slidin Thru other than today's and I would have to say both were pretty good! The line is usually a little long since most students stop by the truck for lunch or in between passing periods, so keep that in mind if you're planning on trying it out one day.

Today I decided to have two Barbys. The Barby is a slider with melted cheddar cheese, fried onion strips, bacon, barbecue sauce, and caramelized jalapenos. In other words, amazingness in a bun. My order came out fairly quickly and was as delicious as I remembered it from the first time. This is definitely a favorite of mine and always will be.

Besides their slider options, they have regular and sweet potato fries. They give you a brown paper bag full of fries, so trust me you will get full! This is definitely a food truck you want to try if you're tired of the usual options in the SU or even the Dining Commons on campus.
First experience: Fantastic all around! 
I went through the drive-thru and was greeted with a fist bump. The guy taking my order was super cool and made me feel comfortable with some casual talk as I took an annoying amount of time to figure out the menu. The food was delicious! I get the pulled pork slider, no Jalapenos, add Mozzarella (and at home sometimes I add a little pineapple, my own "Hawaiian" slider). 

Second experience: So-so-service :\  
We decided to go inside (so if I took an annoying amount of time to decide I would not hold up a line this time around). I knew what I wanted fairly quick, though, so we went right up. No fist bump. Barely a greeting, really. I'm not sure he said anything except "what do you want". Big tall blonde guy, very "lurch"-ish, had no personality; I imagined him to be a foreigner who spoke little english and cleaned tables all day. In my mind I named him Dirk.... my brother calls him Klaus. It's all for fun, but he's really the lame one of the bunch. And with that said, customer service can make a HUGE difference in the experience itself; our food was just as good but I left feeling like "man, don't I get a fist bump? something? hello? goodbye? Ade?" 

Third experience: Fantastic again! 
The guy who helped us the first time - and the rest of the crew, minus Dirk - were all there working hard. The service rocked and the food was great, as usual. 

So in total - the food has always been awesome. Customer service was only once a little sketchy. And I would highly recommend making a custom pulled pork slider and getting sweet potato fries on the side! mmMmMmmm :)
Ok I am going to let you on a little secret.  According to Google maps this place from my front door is 31.1 miles and approximately takes 37 minutes to get there.  Why on earth would I driver 37 minutes to get a slider?  Well, my little secret is that I can't ever seem to make it to the truck at night and when I go to the food truck things in parking lots there are too many decisions and this one is always jam packed.  So this is what we did one Sunday afternoon.  We packed up the fam and made the trek to try the famous Slidin' HQ.  We got there and after refueling a few times, bathroom breaks, took some landmark pics....  Just kidding, but it did feel like a road trip.  We were greeted and decided on what we were going to get.  We ordered a couple plain Jane's (One for my daughter) Captain's order, Pep pep, and a Caprese.  The bread was a little stale but that was it.  They were tasty.  So the food was ok but the service was incredible.  The guy who took the order was really nice.  Now when I go to food truck festivals I can cross this off my list and not have to wait 2 hours like you do at these things for finger food.  If you live in the area or ever in the area, go check it out!  They used to have a location by the airport, I hope they can put one in the south someday again.  Cheers!
Been a few times and things have improved which is a good sign that they're are getting into the groove here. 

Last few visits was particularly good. Ric was indeed in the house one of the times, but the last time he wasn't and it was still a good standard. 

My thing the first visit was the bun broke too easily and it seems now they are toasted  so that it holds up better. 

I haven't had the sweet potato s'mores since way back when at HQ and one day while Ric was there he gave us some dessert before dinner and it was improved because there's ice cream in it and whole marshmallows. First time I was actually able to eat more than a few bites. 

Fries was way better than before. It was crispy and seasoned just right. I didn't remember it being seasoned before at HQ and the truck. 

I would say maybe give it a try now that they've ironed out some details.
Gourmet street fare or otherwise known as meals from a truck is nothing new to me. Since living as a New Yorker, it is pretty common sight to see food vendors on the street with their mini food carts or otherwise, food trucks. It's sort of fast food-on-the-go. To me, that's quickie meal. See, eat, and done! Serves the purpose of hunger filling! Golly, it has found its way even in other major American cities and now in Vegas! 

Okay, so Sliding Thru as this food truck is aptly named, has gained popularity. This one is crewed by five friends in their twentysomethings. I tried their fare in October 2010. There was a line of customers as I approached the truck. I ordered sliders affordably priced and I was able to see up-close inside their truck how these jolly, fun, easy-going food crew whips up these delicious favorites of mine: sliders. In the truck, it's a mini kitchen with the usual things of the sink, freezer, stainless steel compartments, storage spaces underneath the sink, overhead storage, paper supplies, first aid kit, plastic counter for preparing the food, ice bath compartment, steam table, flat grill with a grease trap drain and faucet for cleaning the grill, deep-fat fryer, fire extinguisher, a grill hood with fan, serving station, station for hot beverage containers, the window where food is served to customers, rubber mats on the floor, a counter with lids to store candies and chips, then the door in the area of the truck driver's section. Well, that's much I saw because it smelled food goodness inside the truck! Yes, a restaurant on wheels!

In no time at all, I got my sliders sssllliiiid thrruuu the truck's side window! See photos of "Pulled Porkie" (a Southern style barbecue pork in that sweet and sour spiced jalapeno barbecue sauce with lotsa grilled caramelized onions), the "Eggplant Caprese" (with great chunks of tomato, eggplant) and a "Mystery Slider" (which is a daily special. The special I got was a burger-bacon-cheese yummminess), they were absolutely the bombilicious!!! Moist, warm, juicy and tasty. Add to that, it is freshly made! Packed in styrofoam box, it had M & M's and a Milky Way chocolate treats for dessert, plus a small pack of wet naps for the messy part of the food adventure. Oh, the crunchy sweet potato fries are my favorite as well as the "Pep Pep" and "Captain's Order". Mind you, it didn't take much minutes to devour them (I wasn't even hungry) but is a testament to how good it is that my heart fell in love all the way to my stomach. I even got to take their picture as they happily, giddily, comically posed for me. These men start work very early in the day, then prepares food for freshness, cooking, serving, and maintaining cleanliness after a day's work, with long hours but they like it! Steven, Juan, Louie, Nick and Ric (Ricardo Guerrero, owner), it's grrrreaaaat, boys!!

Website: www.slidinthru.com
There is nothing about Slidin' Thru that I dislike (except maybe the occasional long line).  The truck is very eye catching, and the guys working the truck are all super laid back, friendly, and excited about their food, which really turns a meal at Slidin' Thru into a genuine experience.  

The sliders here are nothing less than gourmet, and I've yet to try one I dislike even in the slightest.  My favorites are definitely the Pep pep and the pulled porky, with the barby coming in a close third.  One of the great things about this truck is that you order by the slider and can easily mix and match, so if you want to try 3 different sliders, go for it.

The prices here are reasonable, but might be a bit surprising the first time you stop by the truck - but remember, there are gourmet sliders, and the quality and service are well worth the few extra bucks.
Their truck had a long line at the Las Vegas Foodie Festival. Since they were bookmarked as a place I wanted to try, I got in line. Definitely had to wait a while to order and to get my burger. 

I asked them to pick what I should try, being my first time. They picked the Barby, and since I was going to try other trucks, I just ordered one. 

I have to say, it was pretty darn good. I could've definitely eaten another one.

They have an actual store...right? I'll be there soon.
Can't believe I've waited this long to visit since it's so close to my abode, but this place is going to be seeing alot of me! From the fist-bump at the drive thru window to the amazingly fresh slider and fries I ate, everything was a perfect 10. I got a porky slider with sweet potato fries and a soda. The porky slider was always sold out when I caught up with the slider truck so I had to try it out. The meat was so moist and smoky while the jalapeno relish added a spicy bite. The fries were crispy, fresh and plentiful. It was a great fast food experience altogether and I can't wait to go back and try more things.
The burgers are good here, but they are pricey.  $3 for one slider? I can get a regular sized and decent tasting burger or chicken sandwich for the same price, or a big burger for a little more elsewhere. I do like the mystery slider, and the fries are good.  I just can't get over the price... A family of 4 cannot get out of here for much less than $30 and may still be hungry when they leave.
When thinking about what business deserved my 100th review, the more I thought the more it made sense for the first real food truck I ever ate at to get the honors.

This is the food truck to rule all food trucks! These guys seriously need their own tv show, because eating here is not only about the food, it's about the window love and the entertainment!

My first time eating here it was something like an hour wait. The whole time I was just saying "Man this better be worth it or I'll be pissed!". Well I've been back at least 20 times since that first experience, so it's safe to say it was worth it. Anytime I have a friend from out of town come in for a visit, Slidin' Thru is one of the things I make them try. And not a one has been let down.

So many good sliders...personal favorites are the Porky, Captain's Order, and the Barby. The sweet potato fries are some of the tastiest you'll ever find. And they're always offering a mystery slider that is a combo of deliciousness between two mini buns.

So do yourself a favor and take the four-wheels of tasty adventure, fist pump at the ordering window, and tip the truck to hear the always awesome "Good lookin' out!".
Yet another area search on yelp! lead me to this spot in my new neighborhood. 
Walked in and said it was my first time there....got a huge greeting from the staff. 
They offered suggestions from the menu. When I said I didn't eat anything spicy, they offered to customize sliders. 
The sweet potato s'mores are a must!!! 
I was really impressed with the decor, menu and great service. 
Can't wait to go back!!!
It's been almost 2 years since my last Slidin Thru review. I've been back in Vegas for over 2 months and have been to the truck 4 or 5 times already. I swear I'm not a stalker.........

..... just in love with Porkies. I find myself day-dreaming about Porkies at work sometimes. The crazy thing is, they taste better and better every time and I don't know if that is my mind playing tricks on me or if they really do just taste better.

I finally tried the Porky Taco at Vegas StrEATS this weekend. oh yeah... A-MAZ-ING!! No offense to the other vendors at StrEATS but... you can't beat Slidin Thru. Nothing I tried from the 4 or 5 other vendors came close to as awesome and delicious.

Best Staff + Best Food + Most Awesome Looking Truck = SUCCESS


**** NOTE TO OTHERS: GET ON THEIR LEVEL **** haha
Great Food, Fantastic Atmosphere, Future Bound
This place has it all, inviting ambiance, friendly staff and a creative menu.  I'll start off with the food since that's the heartbeat of all restaurants.  My personal favorite is the Captain's Burger, a juicy slider (they call them mini burgers) seasoned to perfection with balsamic reduction, feta cheese, arugala, tomatos, and carmelized onions.  (I'm getting the craving just typing about it).  This is set off by a delicious wheat bun....mmmmm!  The Pep Pep and the Buffalo Soldier are good as well, but its hard to pass up my fav.  Also try the Sweet Potato fries, a unique and tasty twist to typical fast food.  The atmosphere is fun and filled with energy, music is pumping, colors are vibrant and the staff is courteous.  Its a haul for me so I usually catch them at First Friday in their Food Truck
Got the Plain Jane and the sweet potato fries on my way to the Dodge dealership. The drive thru took FOREVER and I felt that it was way overpriced.The food was okay, but I've definitely had better. They need to work on their pricing-seriously $2.50-$4.00 PER slider? I think not
Been here twice and it has been good both times. 

First time my husband ordered 2 fries and it was way too much food with 2 sliders. Today we ordered and paid for 1 fry but they gave us 2 anyway.

Burgers are really good but it's kind of expensive. It's about $20 for 2 people to eat here with 2 burgers each, 2 drinks and 1 order of fries.
I haven't had a single thing from the stand alone store that I haven't liked, but they have forgotten our sweet potato fries at the drive through two different times. The last time I stopped in I was walking out of the door when they ran the fries to me. If it weren't for this, I would give their food 5 stars. 

The menu is creative, the flavors are well-balanced and the food is reasonably priced considering the quality and ingredients. My favorites are the Captain's Table slide which has arugula and a balsamic reduction (nom!) and the porky because I am a sucker for pulled pork anything!

Whether you stop at the truck around town or in one of the store fronts, Slidin' Thru has great food, just make sure you get everything you order!
Ya know, I love the burgers and the sweet tater fries. I think it's cool that Slidin Thru is such a unique part of Las Vegas and keeps the locals involved in the action.

I just can't seem to find the truck anymore, what's the deal?
burgers were good. we had the pep pep, porky, caprese, some other chicken one i can't remember the name of, regular fries and sweet potato s'mores. the sliders are fun to eat- a novelty, but the actual beef burger itself didn't impress us that much. take into consideration that it can get pretty pricey. one last thing, the drive-thru did take forever like others have mentioned.
Everything that I have ordered from this place has been awesome. Before you consider going to some fast food chain like the BK Lounge or Micky D's do yourself a favor and go here. 1 or 2 sliders and that's all I need to hit the spot. This is the type of place I want to see do well because the people here take care of their customers. Great job!
I love this place bc of the owners (Ric) enthusiasm and the quality of food.  However, the last few times I've been there the service seemed rushed and therefore the quality slightly lacked.  I'm almost certain the drive thru attendant did not wash his hands before he handled our food, which is a huge no-no for me, but I can't be sure.  I want this place to do good and I love their food, but they seem to be slacking due to their success and popularity.
The good guys strike again!

Food: amazing as always
Staff: friendly and welcoming
Location: bit far away for me but it's right down the street from Retro Bakery which allows me to kill two birds with one stone
Decor: not as cool as HQ was, definitely more "fast food drive thru" like.. but that's what they were going for

What else can I say about Slidin Thru??

Oh... I know! ... Please open up the SW store already!! haha
This truck is a party in my mouth and the whole menu is invited. I start salivating at just the sight of the Slidin' Thru truck. All of the other reviews praising this truck are absolute truth and there isn't a whole lot more that needs to be commented on.

All I can say is that I've been following the slider truck on twitter for quite some time and would follow this truck to the ends of the earth for a Barby slider. It's a succulent mini burger topped with melted cheddar cheese, carmalized jalapeno, barbeque sauce, fried onion crispies, and bacon.

When it comes to the Vegas food truck scene, Slidin' Thru is king and all other trucks are just members of the court. And while I do like to have a romp with some of the other food trucks now and then for variety, Slidin' Thru can be sure that I'll always be coming back home to them.
I can't wait to visit my parents in Vegas again. Why? Because I am missing the burger and fries from this place. WOW just doesn't explain how delicious this place is.

The menu is very unique, balsamic reduction with feta cheese and onions on fries. But let me say that the flavors are well on spot. There unusual toppings are a must have, someone has been doing there homework in flavor town.

The decor is very cool, the bathrooms are chalkboard walls so you can leave a message for the next patron. There are some fun shirts hanging on the wall as well. The service was fast and friendly. I can see why my parents have this place as a staple. And since the burgers are so small, you get to try different flavors!

Its located next to a strip mall so parking is in a lot. There is a drive thru, but it can get REALLY backed up during dinner.
Meh. Burgers are WAY over cooked...sweet potato fries are literally burnt. The regular fries and customer service is why this place gets 3 stars. I stopped by the truck and was disappointed so I decided to come to this location a few months later because I thought the poor quality was due to the high volume of business at Vegas Streats.... all hype no follow through. Ill pass.
Not impressed.  They didn't even have fries because their fryer wasn't working.
Yum! Sliders are fun and tasty with the bun being nice and sweet. They even have a drive thru. I really like that they have a brick and mortar place  now as I was never able to track down their truck. Now I can get their delicious sliders anytime.
Love this place. The burgers are tasty & they're sliders so you can try a couple different ones. I had the buffalo chicken & the BBQ burger. Very good. The fries were nice & crispy. Trendy decor. Definitely worth another trip :)
Finally stopped there to try the sliders. Won't be going back. Food was good but overpriced. I ordered 2 sliders for my son and I to taste, and that's just what it was....a taste. That taste cost me $7.03 with the tax. I told my son I couldn't believe I just spent $3 on one slider and $3.50 on the other when I never spend that much on a large burger anywhere else.  He added "Six Mcdoubles would have cost less." Their prices should be -get two sliders for that price. They would get a heck of a lot more business because the sliders are tasty. I will stick with In and Out.
I was at the StrEats Festival and I was excited to try the food trucks.  Slidin'Thru had the longest lines so naturally, I had to try it.  The truck was decorated like a comic book.  It looked fun and the people working the truck were also fun (you give them a fist pound before placing an order. 

It was hot and humid, so standing in line was not comfortable and it took an unnecessarily long time just to place the order. By the time I placed my order, I was feeling a little whoozy and had to buy some water.  I got the Barby: melted cheddar. caramelized jalapeño. crispy fried onion strips. bbq sauce and the Captain's Order: roma tomato. arugula. feta cheese. sautéed onion. balsamic reduction.

The sliders, were just alright, nothing so spectacular.  For as long as I waited, it was quite a let down.  I wished they were more creative with their menu.  Hate to compare, but once you had Grill Em All, the bar is set high.  

Good to try, but I won't be trying them again.
Very tasty food, great service, super far away, and really too expensive for what you get.  That is the summation of my experience here.

The Chicky Boom and the YaYa were my sliders, and the Chicky Boom is the awesomes.  The service was great, seriously, everyone was super pleasant.  I only went here because I was on my way to Mt Charleston for the weekend and it was a pitstop, so I won't be making my way specifically out to get food here.  The worst part is that it's really too expensive for what you get.
At first I would have said the buns were too dry, but they fixed that. The new buns are just perfect. Or the meat was too small, they fixed that. Now these sliders are just big enough to be classified as a slider. I always get the YAYA and PEPPEP and they are amazingly good. I would recommend this place to anyone. Also they don't make it till you order it. So I know every time it's going to be hot and fresh. Too me that's worth the rather high price.
the sliders here are great, however the menu can be confusing for a first time customer especially if you drive thru. I will say though that the quality these guys put out is suburb and the fries are amazing. If you get the chance eat here or at their food truck, you won't regret it.
I LOVE this truck.  Supper yummy.  I even went to the store and it was just as good.
These guys have come to my office building twice and I missed them both times  I didn't try too hard to find them but when I saw them at a street fair I had to go and buy a few different things  (mini sliders) and I've regretted even more that I missed the times they stopped by the office.

If you see this truck it's a must try. They are my 2nd favorite food truck in town and while I'd wish them to be #1 but I don't see them out and about as much as the other trucks and haven't built a caloric habit with them as bad as the truck I hold as number one see full list of food trucks if curious as I won't take away from the fact this is worth your time and money to stop by.
On my hunt for food trucks, this one was at the top of my list. I've heard good things about this one about how they're gourmet sliders and one of the best food trucks in town.  So my expectations were set pretty high. And that might have been the disadvantage to my taste buds. 

They're not bad at all, but it just tasted like regular sliders to me. Not really something to throw a parade over. They offer 7 different type of sliders and also a 'mystery slider', the chefs special of the day. I've tried the Barby, Pep Pep, and Captain's Order. Maybe because it was First Friday and they were quite busy, but I really couldn't differentiate the flavors between the three other than subtle differences in ingredients. 

I have to give them props on their truck though! Very nicely decorated and their website is fun to look at too. Looking at the pictures on their site gives me a feeling like I may have the wrong impression... but my stomach never lies. I wouldn't turn down the opportunity to have a go at it again, I think it's worth a shot.
At First Friday, I had a caprese. Now keep in mind that it had been months since I had eaten anything vaguely resembling anything close to cheese (Doctor's orders, no bovine milk!).

It was pretty much a party in my mouth. I sat on the dirty street corner in downtown with my lovely boyfriend. I had my little caprese sliders in my lap, and I inhaled them and pretty much twitched around in wondrous admiration of the beautiful mix of mozzarella cheese and balsamic vinegar. That moment will always be etched into my mind.
these kids are the coolest kids in Vegas. They do Burgers GOOD! ;) You need to check their truck out or their NW location! Yummmmmmmmmm
Im in love! I stopped in and having never been there, the cashier took the time to help me pick my burger which for me, good service is a major plus. I ordered the captain and wow - best burger I've had in so long. I loved it so much I brought a friend back later that night (don't judge, that's how good it was) We tried the pork. Also really good - way spicy so beware. Before we left my daughter asked for a toy out of the little machine. I'm searching through my messy purse for a few minutes and the cashier comes over and takes a dollar out of her tip jar and gives it to my daughter. Wow again. So great food, fabulous service. A++
So waiting 25 mins outside of a food truck for a burger is not the best part of the experience. But the burger was good. Sweet potato fries I'd pass on, not my favorite. But our burgers were dang good. Just be prepared to wait.
This is a tough one.

This truck, as many know, has brought the food truck culture to Vegas. The number of things resulting from this truck and its leadership in the community is impressive. For this, it is a great truck.

Now, about the food. I'll start with my favorite item. The lonesome dove. The pulled porky. It is fantastic. I will eat this any time, any day. Hundreds of them. Ok maybe not hundreds. Save them for the rest of the week, ya know? Everything else - no thanks (put down your pitchforks, please). I've had everything enough times to where I can say, "it needs more." I'm not saying it sucks, but I want more. I want a better patty. I want more flavor. I want less bun/white bread.

Seriously, put down your pitchforks.

I do love their specials, though. They are often original, creative, and delicious. Watch for them on Twitter or Facebook. I think their specials should become their primary menu. Now, that would be a menu worth visiting weekly again.
My son and I came here after an amazingly, beautiful day outside at the Butterfly park. I checked out the Yelp Monocle app to find this burger slider joint around 10 mins away.

The concept of this restaurant is awesome! Live feed screens on the wall for Instagram, and Twitter updates using their hash tags, the modern paintings on the walls, etc. The one problem i had with this place was the cooks, and associates were all standing around, talking, and not checking on everybody in the restaurant and making sure to draw some nice comments or feedback from everybody eating their food, including my son and I. For a brand new business, especially one in the fast food industry, you want to be different, and by checking on everybody, and really caring about your guests means a lot, and goes a long way.

When ordering off the menu, I knew the name of the restaurant was "Slidin Thru" but it did not dawn on me that the quantity, next to the burger, on the menu was for the number of sliders that come with your meal. I thought it was the quantity of patties that came on each burger. It would have been nice to have been asked by the cashier/order taker if i had ever been there before, and if i had any questions on how to order. Not knowing any info on this place, i ordered a single slider, and left wanting more. 

The burger that i had was really good! Balsamic Vin, Bleu Cheese, and Arugula on a slider sounded, and tasted delicious!  It was cooked perfectly, and the fries that came with it were also great! I will definitely be back, and this time i will know how to order.
The sliders were really delicious and so were the fries. I ate two sliders and my husband had three we shared fries which we had plenty left over. I plan on visiting this place very soon! So glad we have an awesome burger place close to home.
The Porky is a great idea if you don't want a hamburger but my favorite is the buffalo soldier it is however pricey for what you get not for everyone in that aspect
I went to First Friday downtown last night.  The only thing I really wanted to eat was something off the Slidin' Thru food truck.  I had 1 little slider with rib meat, mushrooms, crispy onion and some kid of garlic sauce.  I have to say it was one of the best sandwiches I ever had in my life.  Great texture, great taste.  Nice and hot and fresh.  It was the only think I've had off the truck but I will be back for more very very soon!
I have always been enamored by the food truck culture, but with my busy schedule I find it challenging to search them out. With that said, I was pretty stoked when I learned that our community center on base is organizing Food Truck Fridays. We had such a good turnout that 1 of the 3 trucks ran out of food early on. Fortunately we still were able to get some grub from Slidin' Thru, which was what I really came out there for.

What I love about their business is their website. I think websites for food trucks are their most essential tool, as it has to be frequently updated and easy enough to navigate. So from their online menu, I already know what I wanted to try: Plain Jane, Pulled Porky, and the Barby. I placed my order and was told about a 15-20 minute wait. I was a bit disappointed that their pricing is a little bit different. I thought you would get 3 sliders for $7 based on previous Yelp reviews, but it's actually $3 for each slider now. 

I got the food and was instantly underwhelmed. Zero presentation was put into the sliders which looked, well, sloppy. I can understand if they were busy, but there were only 2 people ahead of me waiting when I ordered. The sliders were good. Maybe a little bit too much BBQ sauce for my personal taste, but the Pulled Porkie easily came out on top. 

Maybe I'm being a little bit critical here but I was really hoping for a much better experience. It's my first visit, so I would still like to try their other sliders in the future. There's just a lot more food trucks to be experienced in Vegas so for now I'm moving on.
The burgers might be good but they totally flaked on my buddies event because they felt they had somewhere better to be. Not cool man!
Here is my breakdown when I had Sliding Thru (Food Truck) a few days ago:

FOOD: 
Pulled Porky (slow cook pork, caramelized jalapeno, and bbq sauce) - this was my least favorite of the sliders.  I really wanted to like it because there has been some decent reviews on this truck but I think the biggest problem I had with this slider was that they didn't create a sauce that went well with it  - an aioli would have been amazing with it!!

Barby (beef, chedder, jalapeno, onion, and bbq sauce) - It was an okay slider.  The taste wasnt bad, but I think because of the way the slider was described (caramelized jalapeno and crispy onion strips) I was expecting a lot more.  

Caprese (eggplant, tomato, basil, mozzarella, and balsamic) - by far my favorite out of what I ordered that day.  The eggplant wasn't sliced too thin and the overall flavor was good.  The thing that would have made this slider even better was to toast the bun ^_^ So you get that texture when you bite into it.  

Fries - meh, fries are fries

SERVICE:  
The staff was friendly but the wait for the food was rather long considering they came to an event and should have expected it to be busy.
Best sliders in town, can't beat the price and they are just awesome. Pulled porky is my favorite along with pep pep. Great combination of flavors, the only bad thing is waiting in line.
So I happen to be at Vegas Streats this past weekend and I had to get a Ya-Ya. Delish, flavorful slider with lettuce, tomato (I normally hate tomato btw, but these slices where like Greek God Tomato quality), red onion, feta cheese crumbles, tzatsiki sauce and a splash of red wine vinegar. So fresh, made to order, genius I tell you!
Don't want to waste much time on the review, as I already wasted time dining there.

1. Overpriced,  $2.50-4.00, for what I estimate is a 1 ounce patty burger, (do the math, that would mean the equivalent of a 1/4 lb burger would be $10.00-16.00, a 1/2 lb burger would be $20.00-32.00. At a hole in the wall building, in a strip mall)?

2. Atmosphere not to my liking,( like dining in a cartoon strip), but that's a personal taste.

3. Food.taste was alright, nothing to write home about.

For what I paid for the burger, fries and drink I could have had a 1/4 lb burger, fries & drink, that tasted better, at any number of restaurants in town.

I don't mind paying for good food, this isn't it, I won't be back.

This was written when they were located at Durango and Centennial.
I haven't been back since the company was sold and with any change, I wondered if the consistency would fare well. I came with the BF and Angela H. for dinner. 

I don't know if it's just me, but the sliders seem a teeny bit bigger? Like the buns have changed and thus the burger reflects that. Chicky Boom is one of my favorite things here, even though it's the non-slider, slider. This visit the dressing of it was a bit more lemony, which was a positive in my book. My favorite slider is the Barby and that was just the same as well. Fries, crisp and hot. Sweet potato fries are lightly cinnamon-y, sweet and a bit salty. The added tiny bit of salt makes a difference. 

The tier system is a bit different than my last visit. Now the more of the same sliders you get, you get a price break of 25-50 cents off each one, or bit of a discount to order a combo than a la carte, etc. A combo meal will run you $6- 8.99 depending on how many sliders. 

The girl in the front was friendly thought definitely not fist bump-y. That I can take it or leave it though. I wasn't asked to say anything embarrassing for a discount so I don't know if they do that still.

It's the same in the food where it counts. The way it should be. Whoever Ric sold to, it's in good hands.
1 word: Bombdiggy! Secondly, I brought my Gf here and she loved the Sliders she ordered ! Like Arnold says: " I'll be back" .. Soon! Aloojah
One star was lost for each of the following:

The service: They have started to serve customers 1 hour and 40 minutes later then scheduled. Nothing was said like "we are sorry to keep you waiting". Last 20 minutes before opening the cook was just walking around smoking a cigarette and texting on his phone. If they don't understand the concept of time they should just say: "we will open some time today"

The food: Sliders were good but the pulled porky slider had a completely soaked bottom bun that was falling apart and making a mess. I opened a box 20 seconds after I got it so maybe they should use better buns or toast them or something.

The value for money: they didn't have any special offers like 3for$7 that you can see on some pictures here. They charged $3 for each tiny slider that you need 3-4 to feel something in your stomach. In N Out burger will take the 2nd place when compared to them but will no doubt win the value for money contest.
After being recommended to us, we gave this place a try.

Ordered 3 peppep sliders, a plain Jane, sweet potato fries, and the pep fries.

The sliders were ok. Nothing memorable, nothing I'd crave in the future. 

The pep fries were like crunchier animal style fries from In and Out. Not bad but also not amazing. It needed an extra kick to it, maybe a drizzle of siracha or a few peppers.

And as for the sweet potato fries... It never made it into our to go bag. 
Also had to dock a star for running out of the buffalo soldier and chicky boom slider during lunchtime on a Saturday.

Kudos for the futuristic decor though.
I've heard multiple sources saying this was a must try food truck, so I was very excited once StrEATS came around.

I had the pulled pork slider and plain Jane (just a normal slider) with a side of sweet potato fries.  These sliders are really good and remind me of a better version of White Castle.  The sweet potato fries make an excellent ending to the meal.

I look forward to going back and trying their other varieties!
First, I must say that I was a huge fan of Slidin' Thru HQ located on paradise. Their pulled porky and barby fries were ridiculously good! Since they have moved to the other side of town, I have only frequented their location twice and both occassions the food was just okay. Today a co-worker and I visited their food truck since it was right down the street from the office. Service was good. The cashier was friendly. I was dissappointed that they do not offer their specialty fries from the truck but no big deal. I went ahead and order my pulled porky that I love so much and sweet potato fries. The fries were good. The pulled porky on the other hand is no longer anything I would ever order again. Another reviewer had mentioned the soggy bun and I completely agree. The porky consisted of tasteless pulled pork (they used to crisp it a bit) drowning in bbq sauce and a few chopped jalapenos which were definitely not carmelized. 

I only give two stars due to the girl who took my order. I am not certain what happened to their quality but I do not recommend.
If you're looking to add a flare of whimsical personality to your wedding, the food and the caterer you choose is a detail you can not overlook! Slidin' Thru was that perfect detail for us. Some of the biggest complaints about a wedding is always about the food, but that is one worry you can cross off your list is you use this company. The food is made to order for each guest so everyone gets what they want and it's hot when they get it. They use a numbered ticket system but it's not really too long of a wait...no one complained at our wedding. The company will even do custom orders like adding street tacos or the meal you ate on your first date to your menu! Also, if you are an Eco-friendly bride, don't forget to ask for their green serving containers. Easy to work with, EXCELLENT food! Unbelievably low prices! We are excited to hire this company for future events.
Solid sliders. The sweet potato fries are awesome and the prices are more than fair. Only downside is the first time I was there, the shake machine was broken and the second time they were out of the chicken boom sliders.
I've heard the buzz about this place but I was SUPER impressed.  Everything was good but the PepPep and Captain's Order were off the charts great.  PepPep pays homage to an In-in-Out burger but the Captain is the best burger I've ever had. Perfection.
Man, I spoke too soon that it was in good hands. 

The BF and I were hurrying off to a busy day and needed a snack as we had a early dinner to get to. We both grab a barby and share regular fries. 

Things have changed since the last visit drastically. 

The burger patty was very, very thin. Think of White Castle type patty when these originally started pretty fat when Ric owned it. When I grabbed my burger the basket had a pool of oil. The flavor was okay because of the bbq sauce, but it was mostly bread and greasy onion crisps (which probably caused the pool of oil).

The fries changed in that the thin crisp breaded shoestring fries are now thicker fries,- think like 5 guys like. They weren't very crisp and were soggy on the bottom since they got crammed in the cu and just steamed themselves. 

Girl up at front was much more quiet and not as personable as previous counter folks. 

$9 for this 2 slider, fries and drink combo isn't worth it when those sliders are super skimpy. They used to be worth it when they were fat and juicy. Just look at the photos from the beginning vs. now... they recently fused the truck reviews with the reviews for the brick location and you can see the difference. I should've stopped and taken a picture, but I was in a hurry and just jamming something in my mouth in the 5 minutes I had to spare. 

This wasn't the burgers with heart that sold itself. Also Ric WAS Slidin' Thru and the personality carried through in the staff he picked. It's missing that little sumthin' sumthin' on top of being skimpy. 

I regret that I will not be back.
Very hip, nice staff. The menu is really good but a bit heavy/greasy. I will be returning!
I tired the Plain Jane and the Porky. The Porky was by far better. The Plain Jane is a normal slider but the Porky was a luscious slow roasted pork coated with BBQ sauce. The fries also were very warm and tasted like freshly cut potatoes.
I finally got around to checking Slidin' Thru today.  And I don't know why it took me so long!  Hallelou, I have seen the light!

My husband and I went here for lunch today while we were out and about.  I tried the Peppep and the Buffalo Soldier sliders.  I really enjoyed them both, but wished there was a bit more meat on each one.  My hubby tried the Porky and the Plain Jane.  I stole a bite of the Porky and almost didn't give the slider back because it was so yummy. I totally couldn't have eaten a 3rd slider, but I didn't want to look like a pig, especially since my hubby only ate 2.  The fries were really good too.  They tasted like they were fresh cut and hot out of the fryer.  YUMMY.  Take a bunch of napkins though.  The sliders were saucy (in a very good way) and did kinda get all over the place.  Double yummy on the saucy sliders!

I do think the prices are a bit high.  For what we got on the sandwiches, I think $0.50 less on each would be a more fair price.  Even with that, I think we will be back regularly.  The prices on fries and drinks were spot on though, in my opinion.

On a side note, the place was completely empty our entire meal.  Even the drive thru window remained empty and not one car went through while we were there.  We didn't really see the staff either.  It was a little weird, but when we did see them, they were friendly, helpful, and smiling.  I think if they were a little more present and didn't disappear for long periods of time, it would improve the atmosphere of the joint a bit.  I hope we just went during a weird time or something, because now I am hooked and want them to stay around!!!

Another positive was a free slider just for checking in on Yelp.  Now that is a great deal!  How I love free food!
They refused to honor their living social deal at vegas streets last Sat.   Staff argued with us that our voucher wasn't valid even though it still has a $5 value until the year 2017.  They have lost a customer over $5.  I contacted them through their website and got no response either...poor customer service.
The burgers were good the first time we ate them about a year ago.  The last time the quality was definitely lacking.  Since I had this voucher hanging around I figured we would try it once again.  Nope!  Never Again!  There's way better food options at Vegas Streets anyway.
Ok went about a month ago just forgot to review this place first off when I went only one person was working he was the cook and cashier? The food was cold I rather have a mcdouble at McDonald's people over rate this place
Place is very clean, I don't know why this stood out but it did. I got the Barby slider, was a tasty little burger. I could see myself stopping in from time to time.
When we walked in it was a little awkward because there was no one in the restaurant and then suddenly a girl popped out and greeted us. She was very nice and she was patient while my husband was deciding on his order. We told her we had the Yelp check in freebie and she smiled big, which was cool for us because it gave us a free slider!  We ordered and she brought out our food in no time and it was nice and hot and fresh. But then she kind of disappeared into the back and my husband and I were all alone in the dining area. There was literally no one in the restaurant. 

So for our food..... I got the Plain Jane, while my husband had the Plain Jane and the Buffalo Soldier. I thought the Plain Jane was a pretty decent little slider, it was juicy and if it only had some minced onions on it, it would have been perfect. While I didn't try it, my husband said his Buffalo Soldier was enjoyable.

The cheapest sliders started at $3.00 apiece and they went up from there. I think most people would probably want to order a minimum of two sliders. Plus most people would probably order fries and a drink too. So it could get a little pricey. 

Maybe it was the weird Twilight Zone ambiance but I like Slidin' Thru as a Food Truck better than an actual sit down restaurant. So if $3.00 is the going rate for a slider with nothing more that cheese and ketchup, I would much rather be at a fun event like First Friday or StrEats with my best Gal Pals or on a hot date with my hubby having fun eating off the food truck, rather than in a stark white restaurant where I feel like I am on the set of Punked'.
I know Slidin' Thru has been around for some time now, at least 2 years.  But I never had the opportunity to eat here until last night.  Our original plan was Tea Time for boba, but ended up here instead since they were closed at the time.  What you get at Slidin' Thru is basically sliders that are infamously sold through their food trucks.  There's a list of sliders that you opt for, including pork and chicken. It was my first visit and decided on the Captain's Orders and the YaYa. Each slider is $3.50.  However, one is free when you check in through your Yelp app.  Not a bad deal if you ask me.  Both sliders were extremely tasty and full of flavor.  The YaYa was a little rich for me.  It's all good since I went back and forth taking bites out of the YaYa and Captain's Order.  We also washed down our sliders with some of their delicious sweet potato fries.  Perfect combination if you ask me.  

I've been told that Slidin' Thru restaurant isn't as good as their actual food trucks. I wouldn't know the difference since I never had a slider from their food trucks.  All I know is that at this joint, their sliders are good enough for me to want more and cheap enough for me to come back.
Good... just a ways to get there if you don't live in north town.
Delicious food and checking in I got a free slider! Fries are great and their ice is better than sonics!
Utterly disappointing. Between the fact that I'd seen this burger on some top burgers in America lists and the fact that yelpers rated it a four star I was expecting something really good at minimum. I have several burgers on my list to try the summer while in vegas. I was also really craving a good burger this day and still am. Unfortunately I came up short. I think the slider ideal is better suited for the food truck instead of a sit down restaurant. I ordered the peppep and the barby. Getting one free with my yelp check in. When I got my order I actually had four burgers on my tray. I told the lady that only ordered to two. They ended up giving me them because they have already made them. My biggest thought here is where's the beef, Obviously it's a slider so there's a little beef to be had. When I say deconstructed 2 of my burgers to make one bigger burger I can actually taste the meat and it was decent, not great, but decent. I think I would stay away from this restaurant especially if you have to drive far out of your way like I did you get here. Aswell this place also had sweet potato fries which seems to be the norm at most restaurants nowadays. The difference here if they actually put sugar on their fries. If I want to eat sweet potato fries because I am trying to be healthy, I don't need the added sugar. Unfortunately the fries were good but the sugar made it not so orderable if you're trying to be healthy. One final thought I think I would just stay away the next time I'm craving a burger if this is my option.
had the worst experience with the food truck at first friday with a  horribly rude employee working the window. I purchased food and saw my food sit on the counter as new orders were stacked on top of mine  3 more orders to be exact. The 4 orders sat for 4-5 minutes waiting on fries and as the orders were being called mine now on the bottom was called last order 96 as i saw her hand out 99 98 97 as i was asking for my order she ignored me as i asked her why it was waiting on the bottom WHEN I DIDNT ORDER FRIES!!!! I still had to wait for them because they were busy then the employee told me to shut up and refused to refund my order. With so much competition its not a great idea to blow off your guests!! Never again;(
Slidin thru is one of the "staple" food trucks in Vegas that I feel everyone should go to at least once. I've been a loyal fan of them for forever. I also love that they have a brick and mortar store. My only regret is that I don't live closer to them anymore. 
One of the major things you'll like at slidin thru is the vibe and environment. The music is always nice, and usually something you don't expect to hear at a burger joint. It's spacious and well designed. The aesthetics work well together and it's a very pleasant environment to be in. 
The sliders are all pretty good. There's a vegetarian one that I've never tried because I'm team carnivore all the way. My favorite are the porky which is a pulled pork and jalapeño and the buffalo soldier which is a buffalo chicken inspired bit. They also have mystery sliders and random daily sliders that come and go so its always worth a shot to check that. 
The fries in my personal opinion are meh. I've never had em where I like em there's always been something wrong with them so I never even really eat them anymore. 
Another great experience is with the workers. They are always super friendly, super nice and give you a fist bump when you get your order. Another random aside is that the hats that the workers wear are awesome. It's a black/red/yellow SnapBack with their logo. It's ridiculously awesome and they sold it at the store for awhile. I've actually bought like 4 of them but because everyone loves it and always steals them from me because they just have to have it. Maybe I should just get a punch card with the hats. After the 4th hat your 5th is free lmao. 
But overall this is a stellar place. Food is good, vibe is good.  If you ever aren't on the north side you can go to the food truck. They're usually at first Friday and strEATS and I know they do private events. They were supposed to open a second location down on trop and ft. apache but that has never come to fruition :(
After pissing away most of my settlement money the night before at the Exscamibur and recovering from what most likely will be a life debilitating neck injury from riding the roller coaster at New York, New York I decided to take the advice of a local on where to eat. He was a cool dude from the local Chevy dealership that came to pick me up to get my car. My car overheated in the mild Baker 117 degree sun on the way there. I asked him where the locals eat that is far away from all the dopey SEC frat boy tourists. If you are staying on the strip it is a butt turd of a drive. It is all the way north off the 215 and Durango, but hell do you want something affordable and awesome or do you want more $5 green hot dogs, from the Sherwood Forest bar at the Excalibur, with buns so hard it would make a stripper from the Crazyhorse III blush???? Exactly. Anyways the s'mores sweet potato fries are so good they made me forget about the $1,200 I lost to my good friend Wang the blackjack dealer the night before.
Slidin thru is soooooo yummy! The yaya is my fave one..but really they are ALL amazers. The owner and staff are so nice here. Great service always makes great food taste even better. :)
The burgers are always flavorful, never greasy. Great chicken slider and I like the vegetarian one too!  The fries are super filling if you get them with toppings, so be prepared to share.  

Sometimes they can be a little slow, but the food is so good who cares. Love the super hero theme!
In the few years that Rex has been on this planet...385 to be exact...he has learned a few things. First, never fight a naked man unless you are also naked. Sounds counter-intuitive, Rex understands that, but the degradation of fighting a naked man while clothed is too much for most people to handle.  Second, Xenu is real and when that guy comes back you are all in trouble.  Third, if you work on a movie set never scream "all the chicks around here look a little pudgy...without clearing out your ex-lax and diet pill collection. That feeding frenzy can last for weeks.  Lastly, Rex rarely...more rare than crumbs on Orson Welles shirt...will a food experience be better the second time when it was disappointing the first time. A second bite of that old apple is usually the apple that leaves pesticide on your lips and a worm that doesn't get you high in your stomach. Gentlemen, and other scumbags, this is doubly true for your experience with the ladies.  First time you are with them it is okay...second time...the always hide the valuables you didn't take and make sure no cash is in the house. Tricky tricky.

Rex was disappointed when he went to the Slidin' Thru food truck a few years ago. Long line. Little pay off. The burger was okay, but they were all overcooked.  An overcooked burger is like Rex after too much of his homemade punch (1 part Smith's brand Draino, 2 parts powdered eggs, 3 parts Von's brand Windex, 4 parts water from Lake Mead)...burned past the point of good taste.  Rex is a fiend on punch. A punching fiend.  The burgers on line were tasty because of the unique flavors, but the burger itself was a letdown due to the hour long line. In all fairness they would have been a let down on a 3 minute line.  Creativity is great. It is flair. Flair is great. Rick Flair is great. Flair is what got David Copperfield girls while looking like a wax statue of a man made by a blind person with 4 fingers. 3 flares and a canister of propane got Rex 8 months. Flair can overcome a lot. The problem with flair is that it fades quickly...like drinking ammonia or dating Taylor Swift.  Both come on strong but are no good in bed. (Ammonia releases the bowels...much like TS's music.)  Flair is for gimmick hungry newbies. Slidin Thru felt like gimmicks the first time to Rex and Rex NEVER went back. Until Rex was eventually dragged back...but this time to the Slidin' Thru restaurant and this time by his new woman Martha "Skin Sack" Sugarmanington. 

Skin Sack told me that these burgers were good. She begged. She implored. She used her feminine wiles. Then she did the only thing that Rex can't resist. She paid.  So Skin Sack and I headed up to what felt like Utah by the time we got there. Could this place be any further out?  Next time why not just make a lean-to out in the desert?  Rex was annoyed. An annoyed Rex is a projectile vomiting Rex.  Not good for Skin Sack's bike...but that girl can peddle. 

Rex is happy to say that Slidin' Thru was MUCH better than before. The Pulled Porky, obviously named after Skin Sack before the operation, was the very good.   Rex loves pulling on her skin as she peddles me around town. Rex cuddles up in it on a cool night.  Rex pulls some skin over his head as a skin shade.  To me the best two burgers came down to the old standby...the Pep Pep. Cooked well, made with care, and packed with flavor...but...I have to give the nod to the Chicky Boom.  The sriracha is the star of this sandwich.  Great addition burst of flavor, some heat, a little needed complexity. Excellent sandwich. The regular fries were good, but the sweet potato fries we excellent. Crunchy, soft on the inside. Really a nice sweet component to cut through the richness of the burgers.

Rex has complaints.  The Captain's Order is bordering on vile. The flavors don't work. They went for a Greek thing, but it is like watching Greco-Roman Wrestling...odd, off putting and a waste of time.  The Caprese is such a great concept...but it was terribly under seasoned and the sauce reduction too sweet. Also of all our burgers, and we ordered a lot...we did get some that were borderline overcooked. None were as terrible as the truck, but still...this place isn't cheap. Rex isn't going to the ends of the earth to get stuff that is hit and miss. Skin Sack worked hard to get us there...she deserves better than standing outside while Rex spends her money and she is forced to watch Rex eat food that isn't subject to better quality control.

Rex has one big problem and it goes back to the truck issue...Slidin' Thru is popular. They do well. They have a fan base.  That is all great. Rex has a feeling what they don't have is exacting standards for their food. They love tattoos and having fun, working hard and creating interesting flavors...but they don't love holding themselves to a higher standard each and every time they cook. They push burgers. Which is fine...but what about more? Some love a cool concept...but everyone loves a great burger.
Pricing was great they specialize on just sliders and are priced appropriately the taste of the sliders were pretty good didnt expect to have so much choices on their sliders. The Flavors were fusion some were good combination some were so so otherwise it was a good dining experience.
Creative and interesting menu. Price wise, they are ok. Could be a bit more budget friendly and a bigger selection of food items. Not a place I would eat at often, but if I was in the area and wanted a not-so typical burger then this is the place to stop at.
Best sliders ever!! I discovered this location by accident after moving to the Centennial area and driving around one day. I had seen their food trucks at valley events before but there was always too long of a line. If you like burgers/sliders with lots of delicious toppings then this is the place to go. My favs are the Barby and Chicky Boom (chicken salad). There's never really a crowd here and the service is fast. The dining area is very clean and modern as well, and of course they also have a drive thru.
the  burger tasted gamey like bad beef or some other type of meat.
Well I'm not much of a food truck kinda guy. No offense just never got into the craze. Seems like a lot of them try to be too gourmet. But not this one. Slidin Thru was cool. The truck design was cool, the menu was simple, the food was good. Not too pricey and they were actually the first sliders I'd ever had in my life. Very delish!  They were very friendly and prepared my food promptly. I'd definitely try them out again. Thanks for making me a believer in food trucks!
Food was okay but seemed overpriced for 2 sliders, fries and a can of soda.

Got the sweet potato fries which were okay but the way they just clumped the sugar on them was lame.  Two fries were soaked in sugar but the rest had none.  Meh.

The sliders were average, nothing great.  

I'd eat it again if I was hungry and it was nearby but I wouldn't make an effort to eat here again.
Wtf happened?????? The don't do the check in offers anymore. They don't have internet to use credit cards. They don't have icecream to make shakes. I guess the fastest way to drive a business to the ground is to have crappy management, crappy business plan. At least the fries and the yaya were still good.
Used to love this place. The pep pep and captains order were very good. I guess the owner decided to part ways and works for a casino on the strip now. After that I guess they started going down hill. It's a bummer their restaurant on Durango closed
Great! I've been here 3 or 4 times and I've loved it every time. Barby fries and sliders are amazing. The captains fries are pretty good but the captains order slider is great. One of the best places just outside Vegas
I contacted Doug via Twitter and he showed up with his truck the next day at the school I'm attending. The food was great, quick and very affordable. I tried his special, short rib taco with asian salsa. At $1.50 per taco and an extra dollar for some delicious fries I was a happy camper. Follow curbside on Twitter @curbsidecafelv to find out where he will be stopping by next.Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
YES, I attended the @CurbsideCafeLV Grand Opening Celebration 7/24 at 6pm at Hellboys Tattoo on W Sahara Ave/Rainbow Blvd. YES, I was one of the 1st 50 to arrive and get a FREE burger + T-shirt. and YES I am still gonna write a review :)

I am really enjoying the NEW #streetfood trend taking place here in #Vegas....I guess after KogiBBQ in LA blew up last year restauranteurs are starting to think mobile foodtruck are a real alternative to traditional sit down restaurants.

Being that it was still 100+ at 6pm when I arrived I was content getting my burger,fries and drink and ducking into the first sign of shade I could find.

I ordered the Hawaiian Burger & Fries -The girl taking the orders was real friendly and very efficient. The guys making the grub seemed nice as well but seemed focused on making things run as smoothly as possible--not alot of chit-chat:)

The food was ready in about 5 minutes and looked GREAT!! 

The burger was Fresh and handmade with Fresh veggies and the fries hot & crisp!! Delicious!!

I wanted to try some tacos but it was damn hot--have to save something for next time right? 

If you see this guy parked in a shopping center near you--do yourself a favor and stop by!!
The food around UNLV, generally, is pretty terrible. Whenever I get the heads up that there's a new spot in the vicinity, I'm usually one of the first to give it a shot. Even the 100+ degree heat couldn't stop me from stumbling in. 

I wasn't expecting much from a random food truck, but after reading the menu, this place wasn't messing around. It had some legit food; not just some standard run-of-the-mill snack bar food. They had a wide range of wraps, tacos, hot dogs, salads and custom burgers (ranging from Hawaiian burgers, turkey to boca). Prices weren't bad either. For $5, I walked out with two generously sized blackened mahi mahi tacos, which were awesome. I should have added some sweet potato fries for an extra $1, but I guess that'll be for another time.

The only downside is walking through the scalding heat to reach this place. There's no AC around, so your best bet is to arrive by car and eat carside with the AC blaring. For the most part, the truck seems to be stationed mainly across the street from UNLV at the car wash lot. Occasionally, there is a special occasion that needs to be catered to, but I see the truck here fairly often. I check up on their Facebook page (http://www.facebook.com/pages/Las-Vegas-NV/Curbside-Cafe/129298443760458) to get a good update on schedules and locations.

If you see this place, definitely stop by to try it. Sure, there isn't as much buzz around this truck as there is with the Slider Truck or Fuku Burger, but the food is definitely up there to keep coming back to.
You mean I can get a tandoori chicken sandwich with mango chutney from a TRUCK? 

The tandoori chicken sandwich was delightful. The chicken was juicy and well-marinated and the chutny was pungent yet sweet. The bun was grilled and was somehow old-fashioned in appearance. 

I also ordered a BBQ cheddar & bacon cheeseburger for my husband. The burger was damn tasty and the bacon was crispy and generous. We shared an order of sweet potato fries, but in hindsight we should have purchased two orders because they were so yummy. I couldn't figure out the flavors, but it seems like the fries may have a light batter or coating on them that make them different from other sweet potato fries.

This is the sort of food that makes you raise your eyebrows in surprise after the first bite, then say "mmmm" after your second bite. After your fourth or fifth bite, you may look around and wonder who ate all of your food. 

Not only was the food awesome, the service was FAST. There were at least three people in front of me, and I was prepared to wait thirty minutes. I waited 5 minutes and I almost fell over from the shock. I made a comment about this to the chef and he responded, "well, this isn't our first rodeo."

Indeed! They must spend quite a bit of time prepping everything before they head out for the day. 

I love that Las Vegas chefs are venturing into the world of street food.
I was happy to see this truck next to the slider truck last weekend @ the comic fest. I read about the fries and have been dying to try them. So I only ordered the sweet potato fries & ordered more food from another truck. They were so fresh and crisp. I am excited to try more of the menu next time. They have some good looking food. And they were super fast as well.
Terrific food truck!  I especially appreciate the fact it is outside my work everyday.  Because I'm a lazy food truck stalker.  

If you are looking for something different, the calamari tacos are excellent.  So is the pulled pork sandwich.  But everything here is solid, burgers, fries, whatever.  Doug, the owner, does a great job and is super friendly to boot!

Lately he's always at 3rd and Lewis next to the RJC during the week, except for Fridays he's at the business Costco on MLK.  If you've got jury duty, don't eat in the crappy (and expensive) cafe inside.  Brave the joys of security again and go outside for food from Doug!

Follow him on Twitter to confirm locations (@CurbsideCafeLV) or check out his website or call!
One of the better trucks in Las Vegas. The thing that really stood out to me was the quality of the ingredients. Restaurant quality burger at the price of fast food place that comes from a truck, you can't get any better than that. Well worth your money because Curbside Cafe is the same price as its fellow competitors, but the burgers here are bigger. Fries are only additional $1. Try this truck out! You will not be let down. The only thing I'm asking for is that the all american burger should have had some type of special sauce, even if there is a condiment bar. Other than that, the food is great!
Mark your calenders everybody, CURBSIDE CAFE is parked at Hanshik Tacos home every Second Sunday of the month!  I was excited to hear that Curbside Cafe was gonna collabo with Hanshik and Snow Ono cuz I never had CC before! But  now that I have, it's really good! Prices are really cheap for what you get.  A more than full size burger for around 6 bucks and an extra dollar for a bed of french fries.

I ordered the Baja Burger and the Sonoran Dog, both were HUGE!  The Baja Burger had a nice spicy kick AND a punch! Overall a good burger. The Sonoran Dog had a big kosher dog sliced down the middle with fresh, thin, crunchy onion strings on top of it and bacon and pico de gallo.  Flavor was definitely there. 

We didn't have to wait for our food long at all, food came super speedy fast.  Curbside Cafe has QUANTITY AND QUALITY! Like Arnold says.. "I'll be bock."
Hooray for 2nd Sundays @ Hanshiktaco! Not so much because I love Hanshiktaco. But more because it featured Curbside Cafe, a food truck that I've been wanting to try forever, and Snow Ono Shave Ice, a food bus that I've recently fallen in love with. Valentine's/Haterade Day has nothing on Snow Ono!

Anyway, this is about Curbside Cafe. I tried their Blackened Mahi Mahi taco and their Calamari taco. It's only $5 for both. What a great deal! They are ridiculously delicious and a great size. In fact, the mahi mahi is dangerously close to not fitting inside that double tortilla. Yum, yum, and YUM!

Usually with food trucks, I wait until I try more items before I give a five. I don't see a point with Curbside. It saves me from having to update my review after I try more items. And believe me, after that incredibly positive experience, I will definitely be trying more items. I really can't see a scenario where my rating drops below a five. Their food looks and tastes that amazing. And Doug is a great guy. Five stars all the way.
I had a chance to try Curbside Cafe at 2nd Sundays @ Hanshiktaco a couple of weeks ago. I had the Grilled Cheese with fries. It was so good ! The bread was nice and thick and it had 3 gooey cheeses in it. It's a must try for all of you grilled cheese lovers out there!
What can I say....Curbside Cafe has been a blessing to the downtown area! On behalf of all the state and federal employees that work in the downtown area I want to say THANK YOU for giving us the option of enjoying DELICIOUS and REASONABLY priced food instead of the bland and overpriced food in the court cafeteria! I love your guys' seafood tacos and sweet potatoes fries, but the Burgers are out of this world ( I highly recommend the Bacon Cheddar Burger). Please keep coming to the downtown area @ Lewis and 3rd!
I finally tried some of the food from the Curbside Cafe truck at the Costco Food Truck Fest #2 yesterday.  Overall I thought it was just okay at best.

I tried their seafood tacos. The Blackened Mahi Fish Taco and also their Fried Calamari Taco, the prices charged are $3 each.  The size of the tacos were fairly large, but most of it were the fillers (lettuce).  The Mahi Fish Stick was about the length of the taco, and a little salty but otherwise has a decent flavor.  The fried calamari on my taco were cut quite thin and were overcooked.  It did not look anything like the thick juicy fried calamari that Paolo D took a picture of.

I will chalk it up to it being an off day and give them a try again when I see them.  Since so many people that i follow have nothing but great things to say about Curbside Cafe.  Until then...
WOW. We stepped out of Sapphire gentleman's club at 5ish in the morning, with sunlight sneaking up on us. We're starving, about a $100 lighter and half asleep. Lo and behold, Curbside truck, the only food offering in a triple D breast size radius. 

I can't believe the truck guys are hustling this late. Kudos and a big thanks. We order the classic, hawaiian & jalapeno. All are fantastic. The fries are whatever but man, the burgers are to die for. My jalapeno burger came with a white salsa, breaded fried jalapenos & a brioche bun. 

Seriously, must must try. $6 for classic, $6.50-9 for others.
I am such a burger fiend that it honestly takes a mighty tasty burger to impress me these days.  Well congrats to Curbside, because they have not only one tasty burger on the menu...they actually have two!

The Baja Burger is awesome!  The hamburger patty is super tasty, then topping it off with pico de gallo, pepper jack cheese, lettuce, fried jalapenos, and their salsa blanca makes for something amazing!  It has a little kick to it, but it's a tasty kick.  And the white salsa adds this amazing flavor to the whole ensemble.  A truly delicious burger!

Super freaking awesome burger number two is the Hawaiian Burger!  Once again, they take their tasty hamburger patty and top it off with lettuce, tomato, onion strings, a grilled pineapple slice, and teriyaki sauce.  Yet another great combo of ingredients...a little sweet + tasty meat = yum!

I always order a side of their sweet potato fries, and I don't know what they do to them, I think it involves brown sugar and a sprinkling of crack.  Whatever it is, it's badass!  I really wanna try their Blackened Mahi Taco's, i keep telling myself I will on my next visit, but their burgers are so awesome I still haven't had them yet.  I will soon thou since they seem to be a hit as well.

Everyone on the truck is nice, and we've talked to Doug a few times at the events and he has always been very friendly and chatted with us about this and that.  Follow him on twitter @CurbsideCafeLV and/or check his website weekly to see where the truck will be in order to get in on the tasty deliciousness!
Fact: I am predisposed to love anything that comes out of a truck.  I've seen Curbside Cafe parked in front of the courthouse downtown many times.  However, I am usually in a foul mood when I am leaving the courthouse or it is too early for lunch.  I got stuck in court the other day.  Boo!  But that meant I was downtown at 12 and perfectly positioned to try Curbside Cafe. Yay!

I ordered 4 Shrimp tacos and 2 mahi mahi tacos (not all for me, I swear!).  The blackened spices were perfect, not too bitter, which can be a problem with blackened anything.  Shrimp was smaller but juicy.  Same for the mahi mahi.  It was on the small side but full of flavor and totally felt like I got my money's worth.  The best part was the crisp cabbage and dressing drizzled over the taco.  Price was very reasonable as well.  Can't wait to try some of their burgers.  Also, I eat like a fat trucker and two tacos were more than enough to fill me up!
On my first excursion to Vegas STreats, I decided to try this. Tasty Buns looked really weird, the Cheese Steak Truck was ridiculously overpriced and the lines for Fuku and the Slider Truck were WAY too long, so I decided Curbside Cafe it is. 

Okay, the burgers and hot dogs looked gross, but Calamari and Tacos? TOGETHER? FUCK YES. Some of you may think that's gross, and I was kind of squicked out by the idea of it at first, but then I decided, well I took a chance with Fuku and Slidin' did I not? So why not try this concoction? 

A few minutes later, I began pondering this: WHY DON'T MORE PLACES MAKE CALAMARI TACOS? The thing was so amazing. With Cojita cheese as well, a cheese that's rare in Mexican food around these parts. 

Unfortunately, this truck seems to have a very sporadic schedule, and I don't think ANYONE is ever in the mood to hunt a food truck down, so I guess I'll have to wait until the next STreats to have this thing again. I swear, I could eat that calamari taco for days.
Walk away feeling happy and satisfied.  It's a gormet delight on wheels, located in front of the RJC downtown.  Clean, friendly and fresh!  Had two mahi mahi tacos, which took me back to the islands of Hawaii.  Just wish they had a "dedicated" place to sit and eat. But, don't let that stop you --it's truly an exceptional place downtown.
The Mahi Tacos were, aside from being super duper spicy, AMAZING.

We were at the Vegas Streats event in down town and cannot recommend this truck, ENOUGH. Try it, you won't regret it :)
Much less flashier than most Food Trucks- but Damn Good food!
I've been to many of the food trucks, in fact, it was my mission for a while to try as many of them as possible, but still, there's always one dish that stands above them all, the blackened mahi mahi tacos from Curbside Cafe.  They're just the perfect combination of spicy and rich thanks to that sauce.  If there's anything the owner of this truck knows it is fish so don't hesitate to get any of his tacos even if calamari strikes you as odd.  You won't be disappointed.  

The last time I ate from their truck was at Vegas Streats and luckily for me it was quick, although I definitely wouldn't mind seeing his truck get more business, it's just his truck usually isn't where people would go for them. So here I am, doing my little part to promote those tacos, because man, if they weren't around anymore, I just wouldn't know what to do with myself.
I decided to try Curbside Cafe for the first time when I attended my first Vegas Streats at El Cortez last month. Honestly, the only reason why we decided to grab dinner from Curbside Cafe rather than any of the other food trucks was because there was no line for Curbside Cafe. With that in mind, I didn't really have high expectations for my burger. I decided to get the bacon cheddar burger, which comes with sweet barbecue sauce in it and a side of sweet potato fries. The fries were good but nothing special but the burger was delicious and I'm not usually a big fan of burgers. The Angus beef was cooked perfectly and the onion strings in the burger gave it a nice finish. 

You should definitely check them out if you have the chance to :]
Curbside Cafe recently took out a restraining order against me because I was stalking them all over town.  Any time I came across their food truck, I started applauding loudly and repeatedly telling them that I love them.  

What inspired this level of obsessiveness?  Spice and seasoning in a food truck.  Hot damn, it's good.  

Their Mahi Mahi tacos are brilliant--pan fried fish that's still flaky and coated in rich seasoning.  Here's the best compliment I can give those tacos: I don't like fish and I usually won't touch fish unless it's deep fried, but I order the Mahi Mahi tacos almost every time I hit up this truck.  First, because the fish tastes great in the seasoning they cook it in.  Second, because the salsa blanca that they use as a topping is fired-up and sweat-inducing spicy.  It's just a great taco with wonderful flavors on top of crisp cabbage and a fresh flour tortilla.   

And the only thing that steers me away from the tacos is their burgers.  I love a good burger, but the big question is always will the kitchen over cook the ground beef patty.  And that's where Curbside Cafe completely earned me as their official stalker--serving me a perfectly-cooked, medium-rare patty.  I order the Baja burger repeatedly and they pump out my burger order to go with a patty topped in fried jalapenos, their excellent salsa blanca and fresh pico.  So good that I'd put Curbside Cafe on the list of top burgers in Vegas. 

They're also serving up some excellent sweet potato fries.  While I know sweet potatoes have been the rage for a few years now, Curbside Cafe adds a little something extra to the mix.  I'm pretty sure I tasted bown sugar and salt on my order.  Whatever it is, I'm sold.

I just love them soooooo much.  I have an entire wall of my room devoted to Curbside Cafe and I'm pretty sure that if I just keep coming back to the truck, they'll realize they love me.  And one day they might lift that restraining order.
It all started for me with this simple, sweet, innocent truck ... It was late one night and craving a good burger. What I found was a gourmet style burger, towered with onion straws and sweet potato fries . I was very satisfied.

As days went on, I questioned myself as to, really, I am driving around and speaking so highly of a food truck -  -  -  yes, I was and still am, especially now the the owner Doug is the Chef again.  Yes, I did say Chef, not cook - Doug has a lot of experiences in the culinary world.
Dear Curbside Cafe;

 I LOVE YOU, Thank you for coming to the Sprint call center with your wonderful food. I was very thrilled to have not only a food-truck with a Boca Burger option, but the option to have it replace the meat in any burger. Plus those fried onions on the burger was so delicious the I was licking the paper tray the food came in. The french fries were the best I have ever had from a food truck, oh and back to the Boca burger, please tell me how you made the patty taste better then it usually does, I will give you anything for that secret, ok maybe not my 1st born child, shes to sweet to give up, but you can have the younger one, careful she bites.

Thank you

P.S. I will be the one throwing people out of the way so I can order, the next time you come!
Enjoyed Curbside Cafe food truck today at an event. Sampled salad with grilled chicken, burger and hot dog, along with cake pops and cupcake. They were very accommodating and did the burger protein style.
No matter how many vegetables I love to eat, I still CRAVE a great burger.  My family and I had the pleasure of encountering this food truck today at Sunday Funday held at Lee's Liquor hosted by Roamin' Dough.  We cannot stop talking about how  much we love these burgers!  My son had a cheeseburger with bacon and onion straws and I couldn't stop stealing bite after bite!  It was great meat cooked just right, great toppings and the bun complimented it 100% perfect!  

If you are a burger fanatic like myself, than you know that Fatburger has the best burger just plain...and this place has the best 'topped' burger!!  Can't wait to have it again!!
A small group of my colleagues and I were told that this truck makes a weekly stop in the neighborhood of our office and so we scheduled a trip to check it out today.  Our total order included the Mahi Mahi tacos, pulled pork sandwich, Sonoran Hot Dog, normal french fries and sweet potato fries.  Everything was eaten...quickly!

Reviews:
Mahi Mahi - very flavorful and good proportion of fillings in the flour tortilla, the negative was that the serving of Mahi was really small.  The spices were good.
Pulled Pork - ridiculous good was the unanimous review.  The BBQ sauce on the pork was sweet but not overpowering.  The bun itself was delicious and the crispy onions on top added great texture.
Sonoran Hot Dog - really good.  We laughed out loud that a Kosher hot dog was wrapped in bacon but he said it tasted great.  The cheese, crispy onions and sauce flavors all combinded nicely.  The bun was tasty and strong enough to hold all of these messy ingredients without falling apart.
Sweet Potato Fries - they were not crispy, there were just the right size and cooked through for the cut and season correctly.  One of the tasters that is strictly a crispy-sweet-potato-fry kind of person said that she really like the texture and flavor.
French Fries - great!  It was a treat to have something deep fried and salty for my lunch rather than the normal leftovers I'm used to.  

Since lunch time, we've all decided that we will try it again next week and have recruited a couple more co-workers to join us.   

One thing exciting is that all of the burgers can be substitued with a Vegan Boca burger.  It is great to see more eating facilities, stationary or not that are offering choices for persons that do not consume animal products.
Ate here during the Three Angry Wives St. Patrick's Day celebration.

i cannot believe how good their burgers are. Seriously. First of all, they are beautiful. So pretty, you almost don't want to eat it. Their classic cheeseburger is topped with cheddar, fried onion straws, romaine lettuce, and a fresh tomato. The buns are a yellowy brioche, and taste freshly baked. 

Their fries were good too. The service was super friendly and fast. I hope i run into this truck again. This is, so far, my favorite burger in Vegas- and that's saying a lot with all the great burgers we have in this city!
I ventured from the Yelp Elite Event at Cathouse to the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club where Curbside's truck was parked.  I had to try a Vegas street truck while I was here and this was one on my radar.  Now, many who may read this will think that I'm full of crap in saying that I went to Sapphire just to get food from the truck there.  Well, I did...I had money to get food and no money to get in the door!  

I got the Sonoran hot dog with deep fried jalapeno peppers and bacon along with some select garnish sauces and a single mahi mahi fish taco.  Holy crap...this food was good.  They gave me a pretty large piece of fish and the hot dog bun was crispy which kept all the stuff inside and not falling out.

Special thanks to the Sapphire valet who allowed me to park there and get food.  Thanks dude.

I'm surprised food trucks don't do similar things at other gentlemen clubs that don't serve food.  Both the club workers and their customers need to eat and this can work out for both parties involved.  And usually the taxi drivers waiting also are potential customers.   

Anyways, good late eats meal from some cool operators of this truck.  I'll keep my eye to try one more before I leave town.
Curbside Cafe frequents my office building often so whenever they stop by, I always try to order from them. I'm all about supporting small and local businesses! Anyway, on with the food.

On my most recent visit, I ordered the special which was the Baja Chicken Sandwich. You can add fries to any order for a $1 but that is way too much food for me during lunch = food coma. The sandwich itself was delicious. The chicken was a little on the small side but still packed a lot of flavor. One of my colleagues had it as well and he loved it. 

Here's a few tips: you can substitute chicken for any of the burgers at no extra charge. I did not know that until recently. Also, they accept all types of credit cards which makes it very convenient when one does not have cash.
Alright, lets get straight to the point..

I found their pulled pork sandwich to be a little dry and in need of more bbq sauce. Don't get me wrong it was good. Loved the grilled sweet onions, but i did notice it was lacking something.. and i think a little more sauce was that.

Can't complain, it was a free sample.

I'm going to have to give them another shot sooner than later!
Freshly prepared dishes, but POOR VALUE. Ordered $6 blackened mahi-mahi tacos which contained about one ounce of fish filling. I get more filling in $1.50 tacos I get at Mexican taquerias.  Two star rating also given due to lack of flavor and spiciness.
Had a vegetarian burger it was very filling
Really friendly staff! Out here on first friday had the falafel patty on the classic burger. Really delicious and really fresh food. Good prices as well. :)
My first food truck I ate out in Nevada and it did not disappoint. The burgers might not be In-N-Out quality but it certainly has the creativity that In-N-Out lacks. To my surprise, it was good. I enjoyed my double patty burger. On a scale of 1-10, I'd give this place an 8. 

I ordered the Baja Burger and I was in for a treat. The Baja Burger was juicy and spicy to my delight. Mild, IMO, and flavorful. The fried jalapenos, pico de gallo, pepper jack cheese, everything came together like mosh pit a a KISS concert and fires flare out of the stage. It rocked my world, it was awesome. The fries were a nice plus as well. $1 for what can be considered a Small at McD.

Yelp deal doesn't work anymore but this place serve surprisingly good burger. If I'm ever around the Las Vegas outlet again, I better hope to see that truck again cause the food court sucks.
Okay, just stumbled upon this fantastic place at the mall. Let's just say amazing! I ordered the classic burger. With sweet potatoe fries. They're fries oh my god I can't even begin to explain how awesome they are. Not you're ordinary sweet potatoe fries. Drizzled with cinnamon, sugar and tad salt. Yummy. My boyfriend had the Baja burger with the regular fries. He loved my sweet poratoe fries so much he ordered an extra  side for himself. 
Everything they make is made FRESH! No preservatives nothing! 
We were conversating with the owner while waiting for our food, nice guy great staff. I definitely recommend this place seriously. 
We will be back! :)
The guy who took my order was super rude. According to my co-worker his attitude changes depending on who it is. He was super nice to the females in front of him but rude to others.  He yelled at me asking for my name, but since I was hungry I still went. I don't know why. 

He was rude to the Asian foreigners after me. 

The chief was super nice and changed my order last minute when I asked him. (I ordered Buffalo Chicken strips and wanted the sauce on the side.) It was $7 and came with fries. Not a horrible price for 3 chicken strips, but I will never go back because of his attitude. He was on his bluetooth taking care of his personal business and treating customers horribly!
I have tried a multitude of food trucks in this city and I gotta say curbside has not only the best burgers but also great prices for the portion size. My go to burger is of course the bacon cheddar burger.
Curbside cafe has to be the best food truck in Vegas. I would highly recommend it to anyone I know. I have had the baja burger and seafood tacos, both were unbelievably amazing! The staff was incredibly nice and helpful as well! I love everything about this food truck.
Great food (had the classic burger which has lettuce, tomato, onions, and cheese I believe).
Reasonable prices.
Quick service.
Friendly man took our order.

Enjoyed the experience of eating from a food truck, and would recommend it.

They also accept credit cards!
Hawaiian burger is AMAZING!!!! And chili Fries and sweet potato fries are great too!  Great customer service- very personal and genuine, and ya can't find that any more!!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
10 Food
10 Service
n/a Atmosphere
9 Value

I had seen this food truck at many a Saturday morning market here downtown, but I never paid them much attention.  Then one day I did because I was really hungry and in a rush.  The result was awesomeness!

But the large posted menu is kind of deceiving.  It presents their 4 standard dogs but doesn't fully speak to the uniqueness and deliciousness of their food, nor does it really give you all your options, which are plentiful.  These are some of the things you should know, that you probably won't realize from their menu:

They come on naan fry bread, not buns.
(Though you can request buns, but that would be silly.)
This does not come across on their board anywhere, but it is the foundational magic of their product.

They let you choose your own wiener.
[insert bad joke here]
They have traditional, veggie, bratwurst, and my favorite: beer-hot.  The beer-hot with the naan is the best combo ever!

They have about two-dozen toppings.
You get a hint of this in the descriptions of their standard-four, but it helps a LOT to see the toppings listed out (plus they have some that don't show up on the standard-four).  They have the list up on a small laminate menu by the window.

Their ingredients are mostly local, and some are organic.

I've gotten a beer-hot w/ fresh jalapeños, swiss, cilantro, and red onions; and also a bratwurst w/ sautéed onions, sauerkraut, and spicy mustard.

Bottom line is this truck needs more accessible marketing, because they have a GREAT product!
Sean S's review pretty much covered it all, but I had to reaffirm the goodness of this food truck.  I had the spicy one with the green chile, and it was very tasty.  Though I'd only give my dog about a 4 out of 5, there were so many different permutations that I could have chosen; there are potentially limitless 5-star combinations possible.  

Oh, did I mention that the service was great?  Really nice people and they really aimed to please.  Just ask and they'll walk you through all the dogs and help come up something extra special just for you.  

All in all, I really liked eating here.
After a trip to the Market, I was roped into trying a short leash dog. I generally as a rule of thumb, refuse to eat hot dogs, but I decided to make an exception, because Sean S. said they were sooooo good. I decided to have a vegetarian dog with mango chutney, jalapeño, and mayo. It was pure heaven and served on a delicious piece of naan. Kudos to the creativity of the dog topping combinations. The combinations are named after the owners pets, dogs none the less - how cute is that? Delicious, filling, and unique. What more can I say? Stop by the Market on Wednesday night or Saturday morning and try one for yourself!
Great sausages (from Schreiner's), creative and tasty combinations for fixins, on hot naan bread. And wonderful, friendly people - they made sure that I enjoyed what I ordered. A great meal, definitely. I wish there were more than one truck, and I wish one were stationed closer to where I live.
I enjoy going to the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings however having a "hot dog" for breakfast wasn't high on my list of things to do yet wanted to try them out.   Late one morning, I was there at lunch time so I tried the Miko; it was great!  Quality ingredients, not too spicy just enough to make it flavorful without being too hot and the hot dog had a great flavor; I would order this again!  I also like finishing it off with a slice of a sweet pickle, nice way of finishing it off.   

These are no ordinary "hot dog's", this truly is a gourmet hot dog eatery and although I love a Chicago Dog, these are in a category of their own.  

With my first positive experience lead me to finally try out their breakfast dog which was very tasty and surprised, another item I would order again.  Good food, very clean kitchen, nice people, quick service and great location!   I look forward to trying another dog another time!  I recommend them!
I'm loving Short Leash Dogs!! Walking into Old Town Tavern for drinks, we noticed their food truck right next to the bar and decided to check it out. What a good call! All the other Yelper reviews have summed it up pretty well, so I won't be repetitive! Definitely get your hot dog on the naan fry bread - you'll never want a regular hot dog bun again! Great service and one of the best hot dogs I've had in a while!!!
Super nice people. Pretty good dogs. Unexpected roll--it was flatbread.  We saw them at the Phoenix Public Market.  They were super friendly, did I mention that?  If you are looking for generic hot dog, this ain't it.  If you are looking for tasty friendly food at the Market, they're great.
Just had my first hot dog at Short Leash Dogs and quite honestly, I can't call it a "hot dog" because that just conjures up images of, well... a hot dog. And Short Leash Dogs are so much more and better than "a hot dog" the way most people know hot dogs. Know what I mean? No? Well, go have a Short Leash Dog. 

Really unique combinations, various dog options (all local meats and produce) - bratwurst, beer hot, veggie... 

My friend and I shared an Aiko (we chose the brat as our dog), with mango chutney, red onions, cilantro, mayo and jalapeño on a naan (you might have read that in other reviews, no traditional buns here!). 

You can find the Short Leash Dogs truck at the Phoenix Public Market on Wednesday evenings and Saturday mornings, and if you follow them on Twitter (@shortleashdogs) you can find out when/where else they make regular stops... scottsdale, central phoenix... Track 'em down and eat their food. And talk to them - Brad and Kat are smart enthusiastic folks with a great sense of humor and offer superb food and service! What's not to love?
I am a HUGE fan.  Partially because this was the most filling hotdog I have ever had.  

I 100percent put my taste buds in the hands of the owners and just said give me whatever I should have.  They brought me out two halves prepared in two different styles,  One had beans and was delicious (the Miko I think)  and the other was spicy (the Aiko I think).  I was absolutely in love with both.  They apparently will be at Shady's every Thursday night and Public Market more often.  From now on every time I see them I'm stopping.  

YUM!
[It's been a couple weeks since I was here I don't know why it has taken me so long to finish my review. ]
YUm!! I am so glad I finally bought something from these guys.  Always a hotdog fan when I heard they serve on flat bread I was ready!  It was the typical breakfast hour here at the Market, having studied the options which all looked so good, I couldn't deny the bacon wrapped option on the menu.  Listed under their breakfast dogs. A bacon wrapped dog with a fried egg.  They asked if I wanted the dog whole or chopped and mixed with the egg.  Chopped and mixed with the egg I also requested fresh onions, cilantro and fresh jalapenos. Carting my creation home to enjoy,  I wish the jalapenos had been hotter but it was alll very good.  I ended up adding a little of my favorite hot sauce at home. The flat bread was warm and soft and made the whole Short Leash experience one of a kind!  Worthy of revisiting!
WOW! This place officially ROCKS! 

Stopping in this morning for "brunch" I decided to try the Aiko with a beer hot. It listed a mango chutney, which had me a bit skeptical at first as I imagined a marmalade style sweet Indian style chutney. When I open my box cover, I discovered fresh diced mango along with the jalapeno, onions cilantro and mayo. The flavors were amazing. SOOO much better than expected and I was already expecting it to be super. 

I also decided to treat myself to a soda, requesting a Coke he informed me that they had a soda in the cooler called Fago in various flavors and recommended the Rock and Rye ( a cream cola). Sweet but very tasty and it accompanied the Aiko very well. 

Hot dogs will never be the same!!
I am such a fan of this place.  Being from Chicago, I love a Chicago dog any day of the week but what I liked best about Short Leash is the creativity.  You can even chose the type of wiener you're in the mood for...regular, beef, beer hot and brats.  And the flatbread instead of a bun is just the right combination to let you know you're having something special.  

Igby is my favorite.  Well, honestly, it's the only one I've had because I like it so much I order it every time.  I'm planning on trying the Moki next and then maybe create my own.  After a couple more Igbys, that is.

Visit them at the Phoenix Public Market on a Saturday morning or Wednesday evening and check out some of the local goodies while you're there.
YES, YES, YES!!!
My brother and I were in Phoenix for the week (unfortunately our father had a stroke...but is doing much better now) from San Diego.
We saw several catering trucks parked at a farmers market on Wed night and popped in.

So glad we did!
I had a dog with mango chutney and other yummies.  Serving them on flat bread... Genius!!!!
My brother ordered the corn dog.  The breading actually tasted like corn!

The owners couldn't have been more friendly and outgoing.  When they told us of their breakfast dog on Sat mornings....

We happened to still be in town on Sat and it was a given that we'd be going back!

Breakfast was insane!!!!  We took one to go for our family at the hospital.

All in all, utterly fantastic.
If I should be in Phoenix again, you can bet I will make it a point to seek out Short Leash!

Thanks again,
-John from San Diego
I'm not really a hot dog guy (not that there's anything wrong with that). When I crave a hot dog, I might get one and one is always necessary at a ball game and once in awhile i will get a hot dog at the gas station when in a pinch, but in general, I am not the sort of guy to go out of my way to find a wiener.

That being said...The first time I went to Short Leash at the Public Market with Ayesha S. It was damned good but ya know...still a hotdog, not my thing necessarily. Second time I went was with Julia T. and I think "yeah I kinda get it, if you are into hot dogs..." Third time...something just opened inside of me...something magical and warm and I felt like Belle in Beauty and the Beast, my heart opening up and for the  first time not viewing it just as a hot dog (There must be something there that wasn't there before) but as a sandwich, a meal, a real step above what I am used to in the hot dog department.

The actual hotdog...it is...How do i put it?...the texture and flavour are like BAM. Then the toppings...pick your own or go with one of the choice combinations they list...also they run specials with pet dog namesakes. You probably aren't going to get it wrong no matter what you go with.  The toppings are fresh, tasty and they are not stingy with em. It all gets loaded up into a flatbread which sounds odd but works.

Here is the real kicker...these people are effing rad. I walk up and guy says to me "I'm sorry, I forgot your name." I had been there twice and not that recently I didn't even expect him to remember who I was at all. 

So then I go pay with my card and realize I forgot to get a bottle of water for my dog. The guy gives me a bowl of water for him and then the lady behind the counter asks if he can have a hotdog. She even assures me they are 100 percent beef. Gives my dog a free hot dog! Mind you I think they appreciated the work he was doing gathering signatures for the DT dog park. *ching* I felt tingly all over and knew it was true love. 

Cray good. CRAZY good.
I finally caught up with these guys at the phoenix market. I really love the soft flat bread they use as buns, its wonderful. And the owner, couldn't be nicer. My experience was really a positive one. The dog I had with the mango chutney on it was great, the one with blue cheese, cole slaw, and barbecue sauce was surprisingly good as well. I hope to catch them at shadys in the future!
If you don't like the red-hot on Naan fry bread you're either a vegetarian or a traitor to your country, and in either case we probably don't hang out very often. The cole slaw and BBQ dog is also TDF.

Short Leash's owners put together an impressive ensemble of local food truck vendors for the Downtown Mobile Food Court, open Fridays 11am-1pm in the Phoenix Public Market parking lot. Today's debut drew massive crowds and I expect the roster of food trucks to grow in the coming weeks.
Ooooo-K! Looks like there is some pressure to give SLD a 5-star since every Elite did! ;-)

Yes, they deserved it! Ever tried a Gorilla dog at a Suns game? Well, there's really no comparison actually, except for its approximate 12-inch size.

The fusion of a simple, yet tasty Indian bread and the ever so popular American sausage really worked.  Upon ordering, you decide on their pre-set toppings, like 5 of them OR you can customize from 20 or so toppings.  The hot dog itself with any number of toppings is only $5.

The tricky part about customizing is understanding the flavors of each ingredient! So I had to carefully choose ones that made sense! :)  I was glad to see mushrooms on the list so I had them sauteed it.  Other ones I was happy to see were the spicy mustard and siracha!

My meal came with a bag of sea salted chips and a bottle of cold, pure sugar cane ginger ale, which was quite refreshing! My total was just $8.

If any personnel from the Phoenix Suns organization is reading this or have heard, I sure hope they would consider opening up one of these in their arena.
The breakfast special has hit my taste buds and is being digested as I write this! I am so happy that I woke my arse up early this Saturday to get down to the Phoenix Public Market to try SLD. For a mere $5 I got what a lot of people will call a gourmet hot dog, but what I would call an ingenious new take on American street food. It was filling, flavorful and a perfect way to start my day. Not only that, but the owners were super friendly and happy too chat with me! 

Do yourself a flavor and read the other reviews on Yelp, look them up on Facebook, find their schedule and be at their next location to get yourself a damn-good dog. I can't wait to go back!
Delish!  Had the Aiko with the beer hot. Thanks guys!
I have no doubt that Brad and Kat could put just about anything on a hotdog wrap it in the wonderful flatbread and it would be absolutely amazing! 
While I usually don't stray far from the Aiko (fresh diced mango, cilantro, onions, jalapeños on a beer hot), I have become quite fond of their Corn Pups (corn dog with spicy jalapeño cheese inside).  Recently tempted to try something new here while reading their Specials board I was drawn in by a hotdog topped with blackeye peas, onions, green chile, old fashioned english cheddar and crumbled Fritos corn chips.  FRITOS...*drool*...

I couldn't decide! Seeing my dilemma, and not being too busy at the moment, they offered to do half of each the Aiko and this daily special.  
Needless to say I was yet again BLOWN AWAY with Short Leash's delicious creation.
Don't doubt the Masters!  Brad and Kat know their stuff!
I had been wanting to check out Short Leash Dogs for quite some time after hearing lots of buzz on Yelp and on Phoenix New Times.  A trip to the Urban Grocery store for some wine tasting yesterday provided a perfect opportunity.  There were four specialty dogs up for grabs, but after subbing out my blue cheese for cheddar, I decided to go completely original and ditch the coleslaw for pinto beans.  I went with a beer hot based on the guy's recommendation.  

What can I say?  This dog was magical.  I think I loved the bun best.  I don't know what it was, but it was soft and fluffy and held the dog and fixings well.  Beans, of course, went tremendously with the slightly spicy dog.  And all for just $5.  Phoenix, you need to try this place.
One word: delicious.

Quick, friendly service, clean looking truck and for a hot dog stand an extensive menu. They offer all their selections with a vegetarian dog, which I love! I had the special of the day, it was fresh and hot, served on soft warm flat bread that tasted like it was baked that morning.

I know they travel around the valley, the best location for me to catch them is the Urban Market downtown - they are there Saturday mornings, Wednesday evenings, and for lunch on Fridays.

Will be back this evening for round two!
TASTY DOGS!!!!!! One of the best hot dogs I have ever had!! It's a mom and pop own food stand. But well designed and friendly service. The price isn't to bad just make sure to bring cash though. But the way Brad and Kat make their gourmet hot dogs makes them stand out from the rest of those hot dog restaurants. Now if everyone can just convince them to open a store up and have more hours that would be AWESOME!!!
This is the first review I've written where I wish I could give more than five stars.

I was so hesitant to try this place based on all the hipster reviews and and the preconcieved notion that is overpriced stuff that appeals to granolas and hipsters. Well, that may be true, but I think it appleals to everyone as well. I ordered the Noki, a dog with green chiles, pintos, cheese, and an all beef Schreiner's hot dog. They serve the dogs on flatbread which is awesome beyond belief! The taste and quality was definitely there and the portion is enormous. 

Where I really want to give this place more stars is the service. I want to say they have worked in high levels of service industry before because name usage was constant. They took my name for the order and used it at least three times in conversation with me. I noticed they had a catch for bottle caps from the sodas they sell, so I asked if my girlfriend could have them for an art project she is doing. Not only did he say she could take them, but gave her a ziplock bag for them, offered to save them from future days, and tried to refuse when I recognized the great service and gave a tip. 

in short (get it?) these guys get how to run a business. They are friendly, helpful, serve high quality food, and go above and beyond what the customer wants or needs. They take credit cards as well through a Droid app the guy has on his cell phone, and you sign with your finger on the phone's touch screen. I don't go to the market much, and I try not to eat hot dogs, but if I'm ever out and about when this truck is there, I'll definitely stop by again.

One hundred stars, thanks again guys!
Stop today for doggies they were very good. A little different serve on a flat bread "pita style". 

Pro: Good many combination to order
Con: A little pricey " 2 dogs, potatoes chips and drink  $ 16.00 total
         Off a lunch truck for the that price.
         No seating, or tables
         A steep price for a hot dog
Yes, I get the hype, Short Leash is a welcome addition to the Phoenix food scene, but I don't think this is the perfect food cart by any means.  The dogs are delicious, I love the local-organic focus, and the cart itself is very attractive.  I just can't seem to justify 5 stars, here's why:

The dogs are much smaller than the naan, leaving lots of bread and toppings left over.  The naan could be adjusted for the dogs a bit, I mean, if you're going to go to the trouble...

The naan is good but mine was kind of undercooked, leaving some bites overly chewy.

The toppings don't all fuse together that well, leaving much of them to drop out of the bread.  I wasn't given a fork and was left scrambling for beans.

I welcome Short Leash and wish them well, but don't go thinking it's going to revolutionize hot dogs, it's just a good dog.  Worth $5?  Maybe if the dogs were a bit bigger.
I love food trucks.  Short Leash does it really well.  The signage is a little confusing but basically for about $5 bucks you can get a great meal.  Customize a dog with pita bread and fill up.  I like to go on Fridays and follow up my meal with some ice cream from Sweet Republic.  Lunch for under ten buck, both me and my stomach are happy!
Pros:
   Excellent Hot Dogs
   Good Prices
   Superior Service
Cons:
   Why can't they open up next to my house? :)
YES!!! this was soo good, a little messy but good. It is at a farmers market on Wed and Saturdays from 8am-1pm ish. I went around 12 and the wasn't a big line.

I got my dog pretty fast and wow was it amazing. I got the Aiko with a Hot Beer Dog. The spices were perfect and soo tasty. The Aiko had Mango Chutney, Jalapenos, Mayo, (something else but i can't remember). This was served on flatbread/pita or whatever you want to call it. It was quite different way to eat your dog, but wow I love the idea and it was super good. 

Got my food in about 3 minute wait, there isn't really too many tables to sit at so prepare to be friendly with some strangers or learn how to stand and eat. I am not afraid of strangers yet soo i sat with one and ate. 

Be aware if you have big sleeves food will fall in it ... mango chutney was in my jacket sleeve...soo my arm smelled REAL good after. I did get a "complain" that my breath smelled like mango chutney...but whatever i think they were just jealous of me getting some good food :)

oh yeah 5 dollar a specialty dog...heck yes good deal, it filled me up!
If you love the wiener then you better try Short Leash Dogs! It's worth the wait. 

I had the Moki and it was delicious! What a random but tasty combination of ingredients. Sometimes you just have to trust the experts and go with hteir suggestions - and that's what I did with this one. It was a little bit spicy and a super messy but very satisfying. 

If you're looking for something different - the topping possibilities are endless.

The last star for me would be a bigger selection or beverages. Maybe they were just picked over but I'd love to see some sodas and bottled water available. I appreciate the cute factor or the cream soda, etc. but really love a cold soda and a hot dog. 

I love that we're seeing these types of urban concepts in Phoenix.
I am not your typical hot dog lover, but these are oh so good!  The flatbread that it comes on is full of flavor, soft, and super tasty!  I got the Aiko, and I can't wait to try more next time.  The flavor combinations that they offer are endless and could make your head spin.  $5 for a pretty large meal. It is very filling.  And Messy. Extra napkins are a must...and maybe some wet wipes lol.  The staff is beyond nice.  They seem very down to earth and genuine.  Check it out! You will not be disappointed! They are at the Phx Public Market on Wed, Fri nights, and Sat. morning/afternoon.
After reading all the hype, I finally made it downtown to try Short Leash Dogs... and it definitely met the high expectations. I really enjoy hot dogs, but I rarely eat them because the regular store bought weiners kind of gross me out. Short Leash's franks come from Schreiner's, so you know they're quality.  

They were super helpful in explaining how everything was served and I couldn't decide what to try so they offered to make me a half Aiko and half Moki. They're served in flat bread to hold all the delicious toppings. The Aiko's main ingredient is mango chutney and jalapenos (almost reminded me of a sweet salsa). The Moki had green chilis, bean, and cheese. They were both so tasty, I couldn't decide which to eat first and which to save for my last bite. 

I can't wait to go back and try some other great combos  (you can create your own from a long list of inventive toppings).
Unleash your hot dog inhibitions and enjoy a fresh, local take on a time honored street food.  The Na an bread bun is a stroke of genius and their commitment to sourcing their food locally will definitely endear themselves to the locals.

My only complaint?  That they'd expand their coverage and set up shop closer to home.
Finally made it last night 30 minutes before they close! only to discover they had an unexpected lunch rush and had run out of bread... They apologized profusely and said that to make up for it, they'd cut up the dog, give me double the meat and mix it all up into more of a bowl-like situation. I had wanted to get the Oliver (Reuben-esque), but when I heard there was no bread I opted for the Aiko which has red onion, jalapeno, mango... It was good And spicy! I also picked up a Miko for the roommate which looked tasty and she didn't seem to have any complaints.
Dogs are $5. I think Maui dog is a better deal for what you get. 
Was glad to hear that they set up shop at Shady's on Thursdays until 11pm so I'll have to give them another shot over there sometime.
The combination of Art and Hot Dogs has been competently accomplished by this man and woman team in a mobile food cart. And they're having fun doing it. And the food is made with love. And the soda selection is perfect. And the price is reasonable. And you shouldn't start a sentence with "And". And Short Leash Dogs makes commuting downtown bearable. And the fried pickles are a real treat. And I'll never wanna eat another hot dog in a bun... gimmie a warm flat bread. And who knew that corn dogs could be so gourmet. And I love Short Leash Dogs!
My only complaint about Short Leash is that they don't follow me around town in the food cart, which means I cannot eat delicious hot dog concoctions all day! How unfair is that?!?

Well, Amber... we all know you are a VEGAN, so why do you want to be followed around by a hot dog cart? 

Well, Reader... Short Leash has VEGGIE DOGS! That is right... this delicious, convenient, amazing food cart has VEGGIE DOGS!

The bread, however, is not vegan. But that is fine, because they chop up your wiener into little bite sized pieces and load it up with one of the many (50+??) ingredients they have available. And when you don't get it with bread, you get two!

I top my double wiener with pinto beans, sauteed onions, green chilies, jalapenos, and tomatoes. I'm going to come up with a name and have them name one special after me.

Excellent customer service, positive vibe, delicious, high-quality ingredients, and I legally get to say wiener six times in 1 review!

Wiener wiener wiener!
Finally a hot dog with a snap in it's bite! The true sign of a good dog.  We enjoyed the Aiko and Moki, both were delicious, the mango chutney was a perfect little sweet compliment to the meaty hot dog.  The flat bread is a great idea because you can really wrap this guy up and enjoy it as you walk around the market! Price was right, I mean $5 for a hot dog might seem a bit high for some but this is a BIG DOG! definitely worth it.  The only criticism I might have is that we had one person come up to us when we were going to order and ask us if they sold dog food in the truck... I guess because of the big dog painted on it with a short leash! LOL! but seriously it was a great gourmet style hot dog! We'll be back to try some other combinations!
P.S- The extra touch to remember our names while we were there was nice! Good clean and friendly service.
Diggity dank dawgz!

I've been frequenting the Food Truck Fridays for lunch at Phoenix Public Market recently and finally made it back around to sample another Short Leash Dog. Originally, I tried the Beer Hot sausage, Aiko style (mango chutney and other goodies) and was blown away. I now know this is the real deal since I tried the Bratwurst Sausage with swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Thousand Island Dressing... also crazy delicious! While not a traditional German emulsified weisswurst, these brats from Schreiner's deliver on taste.

Can't say I'm too crazy about the Corn Pups. Couldn't really detect the jalapeño and cheese too much and I prefer a sweeter corn meal batter to counteract the tartness of yellow mustard. But do try the deep fried pickles if you get a chance. They have a great crunch... and (surprise!) they're sweet pickles, not dill!

This food truck is a great addition to the Phoenix food landscape. I hope they stay around for a long time.
Incredible food and amazing service is a hard to come by these days, but Short Leash delivers!
Have to add my fine regards to this little truck.

I had the "Devil Dog" and it was indeed fairly spicy.  And I'm the guy in my group who loves it "so hot my face sweats" so when I say something is fairly spicy, it's not going to be for the faint of tongue.

Good bargain for what you get.  The Naan bread made for a "different" kind of "Hot Dog" for sure.

All the fillings were fresh and added to the overall taste instead of getting overpowered by any one ingredient.

I'll definitely hit this truck again in the future.  Good Job !!!
I'm not typically a frequent eater of hot dogs. I usually get a craving once or twice a month tops. Thanks to the genius that is Short Leash my habit is becoming a weekly occurrence. 

Like heroin or crack, a Short Leash dog will have you hooked after one hit. Sadly, this habit isn't as easy to break as the others. 

The dogs themselves are of the highest quality, with excellent flavor and crunch. The beer hot is my preferred tube o' meat and it's wonderful, with just the right kick. 

My first visit I decided to build my own dog; Beer hot, beans, cheddar, onion and spicy mustard. The list of toppings is impressive to say the least. The second time there I went with one of their pre-built concoctions. Each time I was amazed at how all the flavors blended and how delicious everything was. 

Customer service is excellent as well, yet another reason to support the business. 

Thanks to the spectacular overall experience Short Leash Dogs can expect a visit from me every Saturday.
Awesome A MUST TRY! great addition to the Phx food scene.
I can't freaking believe I haven't reviewed Short Leash yet!!!!!!!  
I go pretty much every Friday to the Downtown Phoenix Public Market food truck court.  Is that a mouthful or what?????
I make a beeline here.  Not only are these people totally kick-ass but so are the hot dogs.
I try to get a different one each time, but I always end up with the one that's got the jalapenos on it.  I don't remember the names ever.  I am there to eat, not read, but I think it's the Igby.
They have a new one I learned about last night, the "Lady," and my mouth is watering right now at my desk.  I will be trying it out today for lunch. :}
Oh, and when business owners remember the names of their customers, they are tops in my book.  After all, I may be eating their hot dog, but it's still....all about me.  ;}
I sought this out because Yelp caught my eye with it being on their "Best of Yelp Phoenix Restaurants" so I made a deliberate drive to get there, ate what I though was representative and think Yelp has this one wrong.

First of all Yelp, it isn't a restaurant that you claim but a food truck, a very small food truck.  But I had read the Yelp reviews and knew that.

I stepped up and had trouble finding the ordering line through the people.  While there wasn't a big group ordering, about 6 people were clustered around blocking the window, apparently waiting for their orders to appear.  Turns out it would be a long wait, but good things are worth waiting for, right?
I sorted through those waiting, politely asked and found there was no line and made my way to the window.   I ordered the Beef Moki and because of the positive Yelp comments, added a side of fried pickle.  Total was $8 without a drink (I got one of the fruit drinks at the other trucks there).  

Window guy said it would be about 7 mins, which caused me to look at my Droid - 1:22PM.   At 1:38PM my Moki arrived but there was a few minutes more wait for the fried pickle which wasn't ready yet.  Took 20 mins total and this was well past peak lunch hour.  

Sat down and looked at what I got (see photos I took).  Other Yelpers are right, the dog is small. The Moki is listed as having green chilis, onions, tomatos, pinto beans, cheddar & mayo. I was anticipating a nice SouthWestern style blend of flavors, but that was absent.  I bit in and none of these flavors jumped out, no chili heat, no flavor burst, no taste of fresh veggies melding.  
What I did get was a sensation of the tough skin texture of the dog, very thick naan bread and a pinto bean absorbtion.  Turning to the fried pickle, its breading kept falling off just leaving the limp, soggy pickle.  I finished the 7 pieces of fried pickle that I had paid $3 for and wondered why the ratings were so high.  

The dining area I sat in was very windy, blowing fiercely which made the experience forced; a hand off between eating and holding down anything that I had ordered.  Hours later, my iron stomach is still getting belch tones from the dog's meat spices and oil based aromas.  
This isn't good.

Unless you're working right across the street and this place was the utmost in convenience, I'd pass.  The flavors didn't work or even stand out, the service was incredibly slow, and the eating area was dumpy and windy.  Spending $8 for "a dog and pickles" then add an additional cost of a drink beyond that, you are already at sit down restaurant prices found elsewhere nearby.
  
I just don't see what the ravings are all about at this place.  Heck, I saw a Pita Jungle a few blocks before and wondered why I would pass that up to come here.

SIDE NOTE - I went back and read some of the prior Yelp reviews.  I just don't get how reviewers are giving this place such high ratings.
Here is a review that rated 4 stars but stated it was only held back from 5 stars because; 
-small dog, 
-undercooked naan, 
-toppings flavors don't fuse together, 
-neglected service, 
-overpriced
http://www.yelp.com/biz/short-leash-dogs-phoenix#hrid:_FrRd1SiaPMV5-sIcTWu1A
wtf - Yelp, you've let me down.
Love these dogs!  If you love hot dogs, you should track down this truck immediately. I always get the same thing--the dog with the sauerkraut--but everyone I've dined with has loved their selections too.  Ask the owners what combos they suggest for the various toppings.  They are incredibly nice and knowledgeable.  You will have to wait for your food longer than if you get a hot dog at Costco (which I also love), but it will be worth it.  It's good food, not fast food.
Excellent hot dogs! Prepared with attention to detail.
I am a bonafide food truck fan. From the very early days of waiting for the Kogi BBQ truck in SoCal way before the entire food truck revolution when groups would be gathered at seemingly odd spots with people curiously wondering what the heck we were waiting for. Well, it's not so weird anymore with the rise of numerous food trucks and I was happy to see that Phoenix was no exception. When I moved from SoCal, I was really bummed about leaving my food trucks. I'm dead serious.

But life is a bit brighter now that I've found several delicious food trucks here in Phoenix, including Short Leash Dogs. Of the few that I have tried so far, SLD is definitely the meal that gave me the most bang for my buck. 

My fiance and I tried the Lady combination on a bratwurst. I didn't know what to expect so when we received our hot dog wrapped in flatbread as opposed to a regular hot dog bun we were pleasantly surprised. Think about it...the larger flatbread holding the hot dog can also hold more toppings and thus, more yummy flavor!

SLD has quite a few options to choose from so it will be fun going back to check out other flavors. And as others have pointed out, the service is great. The wait time is as expected for a food truck serving lots of customers - no biggie, that's just how food truck dining rolls - besides, as every foodie knows the good stuff is worth the wait.
Short Leash does it right. Shreiner's Fine Sausages, Flatbread buns, excellent ingredients and Faygo! 

It is hard to dislike hot dogs, unless your vegetarian, or don't eat certain meats, or are into eating healthy...etc.

Short Leash defeats these issues one by one, their dogs can be healthy if you want, with fruits and veggies. They can even be vegetarian! (I am not sure about vegan, but probably) Furthermore, they can be chicken, beef, spicy beer, brat or hot dog. Moreover, they are served on flatbread! Flatbread! These guys improved on the hot dog bun!

Even better, they are served out of a truck in various places around town, but only at that place at that time. I often get them at the Downtown Public Market on Wednesdays, however I have heard they are at Central and Camelback on Saturdays often as well. 

I have also heard rumor of them having breakfast dogs as well!

They even do private events, like weddings...that'd be freakin awesome!
Enjoyed meeting Short Leash last night at Shady's, when Brad tapped me on the shoulder and asked that I move my truck so that he could back the food truck in. Sure glad I did! The choice of Shreiner for their meat provision told me a lot without having to ask. I had a beer hot with custom toppings. Wow what a list! Very fresh and tasty. I believe it was well worth the price of admission. Great food and great people.
Ok, this place exceeded my expectations! I was kind of wary about the weird toppings, but it was excellent. So I went to First Friday last night with a few friends and we were walking around, people watching, and looking at the... interesting....art showings, and then we stumbled upon short leash dogs! Well. I have been wanting to try one for some time, but generally I'm not in the same area as this food truck, so there was no doubt that I would be getting one. My friend and I shared one, cuz there was more food to be had. We got the Aiko with no mayo on a regular hotdog. The naan was perfect for the dog, it was so soft, warm, and delicious. The toppings (mango chutney, onion, jalapeno, cilantro) were absolutely delicious and fresh tasting on the dog. The cilantro really made it something special. So this place really impressed me. I will definitely need to go back and try more dogs before I can give it five stars, but this is a wonderful place, everyone should go get one of these hot dogs.... yum.
After hearing I could get a Vegan Hot Dog, I finally made it down to food truck Friday. 
Let me tell you the anticipation was killing me. I saw the long line and knew it must be amazing, none of the other trucks had a line like theirs. 

I really had my heart set on a Vegan corn dog but was told that unfortunately the Vegan dogs don't stand up to the heat of going into the fryer, it was a sad day. 

I opted for a vegan dog with sauerkraut, relish and mustard, and although I was told that the bun/bread wasn't completely vegan as it had trace amount of egg in it, I went ahead and got it anyway. 

WOW, one bite and I saw the face of DOG! 

This was by far the most sinful experience I've had in a very long time, words cannot describe the magnitude of flavors that were dancing around in my mouth, it was completely euphoric. 

Short Leash Dogs are simply amazing, and as I write this, I'm already plotting my next visit and you should too! 

P.S. 
For all you non-vegans, don't worry, they have a fine selection of meaty wieners just for you.
I'll admit...I've always seen the hot dog as the lowest possible form of meat there is. Even as a kid, hearing playground rumors of what was actually in hot dogs struck me with fear and made the hot dog's more attractive cousin...the hamburger...a much more appealing option for stuffing into my gullet. Sure...I'd have a hot dog once a year or so when I was in the mood, or at the occasional baseball game. But for all intents and purposes, the hot dog was dead to me. Now, thanks to Short Leash Dogs my mild disdain of the hot dog has made a miraculous 180, rising from the recesses of my palette like a phoenix from the ashes. 

How could a hot dog be so amazing? 

Maybe it's the fresh and local ingredients...or the high quality dogs/sausages they use...or maybe it's the Naan bread. Whatever they're doing...they're doing it right, because when you bite into one of their unique dogs, it's like an explosion of flavor that can't even be compared to the type of hot dogs I grew up on.

So far we've tried a few different styles and they've all been uniquely tasty in their own way. My personal favorite is Beer Hot served Lady style...it might just be one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.

Oh...and if it wasn't enough that their food is orgasmically good, the two owners are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet. Someone with a product this good has no right being so genuine and friendly. Honestly, they could be assholes and their food is good enough that it would probably still sell like hot cakes. When a restaurant (or food truck in this case) has amazing food that is matched with friendly service, it creates an environment you want to keep coming back to. Did I mention the prices are pretty cheap too?

Thank you to Short Leash Dogs I am now craving their hot dogs on a weekly basis, at the very least.

We love this place if you can't tell. If you haven't tried it already...GO NOW. My only hope is that they continue to expand and trek to more places around the valley more often...maybe even open up a brick and mortar location somewhere close to where I live; hey I can dream can't I?

5/5.
It's all about the bread and what is around the dog, not the dog it self.

I finally made it down to the mobile food court on a Friday and was not distracted by another truck.

I oped for a veggie Moki A veggie dog with into beans, cheese green chillies and a mayo based sauce. What made it was the great soft flat bread and the toppings as the veggie dog it self was a bit bland and had no character. 

As I side I went with an order of veggie corn pups. Which are balls of cheese covered in con batter and fried, all on a stick, they are heavenly.

All of this for $7

I tried some of my friends fried pickles. They were just too sweet.

Check them out at this location most Fridays from 11-1
Hot dogs for breakfast??? Oh yes, my friends...
You must try the Breakfast Special during the Downtown Phoenix Farmers Market on Saturday! 
Scrambled eggs with chopped up hot dogs, mushrooms, a little salsa, and a few other yummy ingredients- all nestled in a pita. Lots of flavor with a little kick that made my taste buds sing! And a portion size enough for two meals- or one if you're hungry. Good price, too. If they're busy, order one and shop around- it doesn't take too long anyway, but also gives you a chance to explore the rest of the Market.
It's not on the menu, so ask for it!
(Also loved the little lollipop surprise in with the to-go box!)
So far I've had the Aiko and the Moki and both were super delicious (the Aiko tastes better)! The meat they use for the original wieners are good quality. I've tried a few other food trucks and Short Leash is by far the best both in quality and value. It's $5 for a dog and in my opinion, that's not a bad price for a gourmet hot dog.

There's always been a long line when I've gone there, and everything is made to order. With that said, be prepared to wait 5-10 minutes after you order.

Service is awesome and friendly.
High quality, local ingredients, $5!!  

This will keep me coming back to Phx Public Market every Friday!
I like these dogs because they are more like a sandwich than your typical American Frank.  They are served on a delicious flat bread/pita  "bun" and are filled with all sorts of toppings - not just ketchup and relish- I'm talking beans, cilantro, onions, chipotle, cheese, and peppers. 

And yes, they do have a vegetarian one!! Their mock meat looked so real it was eerie - I took a nibble and I couldn't tell if they had accidently given me a real hot dog!  So, I tore off a little chunk and showed it to the hot dog man, "This is a vegetarian one, right?!"  He laughed and said, "Yes.  We actually get that comment quite often."
I am not really a huge fan of hot dogs. Yes, I know it is the trendy new thing, but I am always behind the trend. Until now---I finally tried the Short Leash Dog, and there is no going back! I tried the Oliver Dog, which is your choice of dog, I chose the chicken dog, covered with 1000 Island, sauerkraut, and Swiss cheese. The best part of the dog is the pita like bread the dog comes in. It is fresh and moist. I could eat the bread alone, but topped with a juicy chicken dog, and all the toppins', I could not ask for a better lunch on a beautiful, sunny, Phoenix, Friday afternoon.
They are also at Shady's (Indian School and 27th) on Thursday nights!
$5 for an amazingly delicious taste explosion in my mouth? Yes please. : )
I finally was able to try SLD out today (thanks testing break!). I got up to the window and said, "I'm so excited to be here right now!" The owner just laughed at me. I don't blame him. I'm completely ridiculous!

Anyhow, I ordered the Lady and added green chilis and sriracha with a chicken dog. The owner asked if I liked spicy things, and I gave him a resounding "Yes!" He suggested next time I order a Devil Dog. I cannot wait for that day!

Super friendly service, amazingly tastetastic food, yeah, that just about sums it up. Yep.
These aren't just hot dogs. They are snappy Schreiner's sausages loaded with most anything you can imagine--and perhaps some things you wouldn't. I tried the 'Lady', which is topped with a spicy chipotle cream cheese sauce, grilled onions and fried pickle pieces, all snugly wrapped in warm middle eastern flat bread. Each box of hot dog happiness comes complete with a Dum Dum lollipop, which you can tuck into your updo to enjoy later. 

I found them in my 'hood while waiting in line to pick up my tickets for the Sunnyslope Modern Home Tour. But, I've heard you can find them in the parking lot at Phoenix Public Market or you may want to follow them on Twitter (@shortleashdogs) to find out where they are setting up shop next.
This food truck is amazing! The food keeps you going back for more. Who knew a hot dog can be so good. I been ordering the Lady and just can not get enough. It has fried pickles on it and a spicy sauce. All these flavors really mesh well together. Cant wait for my next visit! Go check them out!
There has been plenty said already about this crazy hot dog wagon ~ Short Leashed Dogs, and most of it true!  Their hot dog creations are  creative, tasty and just freaking awesome!  Are they the best tasting hog dogs I've ever eaten? Well... no when compared to a few places in Chicago but they are the best hot dogs in Phoenix with out a doubt.

Your first step is to find the Short Leash Dog truck.  You can find them at the downtown public market on Friday's and I believe on Saturday's too or look them up on Facebook to see where they are set up.  

I recommend the Igby with their spicy beer hot dog ~ very flavorsome sausage grilled to perfection with a topping of coleslaw with crumbled blue cheese and some BBQ sauce.  The combination sounded a bit off when I first read it but it was awesome!  I love the flat bread they use to hold their tasty hot dog creations. I also recommend the Aiko with mango chutney, jalapeños, onions, cilantro and some mayo.  It is also scrumptious but with a little kick!  If you don't like their options you can create your own delectable dog anyway you like it served on their yummy flat bread of course.

They have bottled H2O and soda in bottles. I found the diet black cherry goes well with any hot dog. They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner at different locations around town.  Look them up on FB, find them and enjoy a creative and delicious bite to eat.
Crazy. Awesome. Good. I cannot believe it took me this long to try some Short Leash Dogs!!

The truck is adorable and the service is top notch. I don't have to repeat things 50 times and the service is much quicker than I expected.

I ordered the Lady dog which has onions, fried pickles and chipotle cream cheese sauce. I got it on an all beef dog. I added mushrooms to it for something extra.  When I got it, it was piping hot in bread that I think is naan, and if not, is something pretty damn close. It was so good, I didn't want it to end. I didn't want to admit that I had an empty dish in front of me. I wanted to get in line and buy another. But it was enough for a complete meal and I knew I had no one to roll me into my house even if I managed to make it to my car.

It was piping hot, which was good but that combined with the bread made it a little hard to hold. I'm not complaining though. Next time I'll just have to knife and fork it, which is completely fine by me. 

Additionally they have pepsi in a bottle, which is hard core. I'm a fan!
tried the aiko...with a chicken dog. it was delish! great dog...great toppings...perfect combo (i was skeptical!). friendly service and hot food! i'll try again...and will try another type...another time!
Believe the hype.  Short Leash Dogs owns!  The first sign that things were about to get very good was when a saw a fork on my dog.  Right off the bat I knew it was going to be messy and that's what I like.

I scanned the menu and opted for the Moki dog.  It began with my choice of dog (regular wiener) and then topped with green chilies, pinto beans, mayo, tomatoes, and onions.  It may be the best dog I have ever had.  It was that good.  All the flavors exploded in my mouth.  Short Leash Dogs has managed to turn a simple American culinary staple into something that is utterly amazing.

My only beef with Short Leash Dogs is they tend to operate on a schedule I cannot sync with because of work.  Today I lucked out when they opened shop for the day at a Whole Foods by my place of work.  Can I really hold that against them?  No, I cannot.  Time to find a new job!
Wow.  It had been a long time since I was so excited to try something.  Our original dinner plan was to order Chinese from China Village & run across the street for a drink at Shady's while we waited.  We lucked out big time!  The parking lot of China Village was full, so we went right to Shady's and were introduced to Short Leash.  All it took was one look at the menu and I knew I would be hooked.  I was tossed up between the Aiko (mango chutney, jalapenos, red onions, fresh cilantro and mayo) or the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, sauteed onions and fried pickles) - but went with the lady.  I have not stopped thinking about the deliciousness of that dog since it touched my lips.  

Speaking of fried pickles - I have always loved them, but the fried pickles from Short Leash were hands down the best fried pickles I have ever had.  I need to find out what they put in their batter to give it the spice and crispiness that lasted through the entire meal - no soggy pickles in the end.  

So if you're a hotdog fan or even if you're not (they will convert you!) find them on Facebook, track them down in the Valley and get some goodness!!
Top notch folks! Had the Aiko.  Pita was light and airy, all beef dog was tasty and the mango chutney was great without being overpowering.  Chased it down with a Ruski lemonade. Shame on me for not coming out here sooner.  So many possible combinations for custom dogs too! cheers
I had the pleasure of trying out Short Leash Dogs at Ignite 10. I had a bratwurst slider. The slider was a bratwurst  served on a pretzel roll with sauerkraut and cheese. That combination was awesome. It was the perfect balance of sweet, savory, and salty.  The sauerkraut was the best I have had since I visited Germany. It was sweet and in combination with the cheese the slider just melted in my mouth. When I think of sliders I think of small portions, but this one was rich and filling. I highly recommend Short Leash Dogs. I can't wait to try their other menu items.
Holy.crap.

The best, ever.

I LOVE THEIR HOT DOGS!

OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!

I could eat their hot lady dog everyday forever and be happy.  A delicious spicy hot dog, on a naan bread, topped with chipotle cream cheese and all sorts of other delicousness.

SO GOOD!

I should have gotten two.  One to eat, one to go.
What else is there to say about Short Leash? They're totally awesome. The food, the people, the truck, the service. The whole shabang is ridiculously awesome.

The Lady and Corn Pups are where it's at. Only reason for four stars is I'm too lazy to run around town tracking them down. Otherwise, the food, it's a solid five.
I absolutely love their hot dog creations. They have very different and unique flavor combination and they are served on naan like flat bread, not the same old hot dog bun.

My personal favs are the Aiko and the Moki. All hot dogs cost $5 which i'm willing to pay for these tasty puppies!
Short Leash Dogs has the BEST hot dogs around!!  I met my dad here for lunch the other day.  I thought he was pulling my leg when he told me he was buying us hot dogs for lunch and he is a "restaurant" kind of guy.

This little hot dog wagon cranks out some of the best tasting dogs!  I had the Aiko with the spicy dog and it was delish!  We also had some of their corn pups that I think had habanero chilies.  They were oh-so-good!  I can't wait until we go back!
First off I am not a hot dog person at all...but one amazing truck called Short Leash Hot Dogs has changed my life forever! Amazing, creative, unique and delicious are only a few descriptions I can say about these dogs. 

I was first introduced to Short Leash Hot Dogs through the Yelp science fair when they were handing out samples of their corn pups to everyone in line and thought they were super delicious, little did I know what other creations they had up their sleeve! I came across them again at the Devoured Culinary Classic where I got to try different samples and I also saw they encourage you to send them pictures of your dog so they can feature them with a special hot dog! Being the dog lover that I am, I sent one of the owners, Brad, an email the next day with a picture of my Siberian Husky named Sky. 

At the end of May Sky was the featured dog of the week with his own special hot dog made up of grilled pears, romaine lettuce, bacon, and blue cheese dressing. I was told it was hit, so I decided to take the pup with me downtown and get a chance to meet them and try the delicious hot dog!

I have also tried other hot dogs on their menu, and you may be a little hesitant about some of the combinations of different ingredients, but trust me... they know exactly what they are doing and you will not be disappointed with any choice you make! I definitely recommend anyone and everyone to try Short Leash Hot Dogs just once, even if you are not a hot dog kind of a person!
Seriously good dogs. Get em how you want or order one of their specialties. All of them come on flat bread. I like the igby which has bbq sauce, Cole slaw and blue cheese...3 of my fav ingredients! They're at the food truck Fridays downtown every week. 

You can either select one of the created menu items, or build your own dog. I have also had the Aiko dog, which comes with mango chutney, jalapeno, cilantro, red onion and mayo. I chose a hot beef dog as my "dog selection" here. Overall very good, but I could have done without the mango. Not that the mango was bad just that it seemed a bit too much as it kept falling out of my flat bread! 

Always excited for whatever creation I can have next time I go.
After hearing nothing but good things about Short Leash Dogs, I finally got to try them out for lunch yesterday. Every Wednesday during June & July (I think?) they are located at 335 W McDowell Rd (which is about a 2 minute drive from where I work) from 11am-1:30pm. My girlfriend Renee is in town for the summer so she met me there for some lunch & girl talk. We were warmly greeted by Brad (1 of the owners) & he explained it all since this was our 1st time. I decided on the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, sauteed onions & fried pickles) with a regular wiener, a bottle of good old fashioned coke & a corn pup for us to share. Renee decided on the weekly special Tyler (beef & bean chili, French's crunchy fried onions & cheddar cheese, sans the fried onions) with a regular wiener & a bottle of coke as well. We loved our wieners & the corn pup, so damn good! I loved that they used Naan bread instead of a bun, so clever! My only complaint was that I wished they used dill pickles on my wiener instead of the sweet ones. It was also a cute touch that they give you a lil dum dum sucker, brings me back to my childhood days. Total for 2 wieners, a corn pup & 2 bottled cokes was only $16 & some change, awesome deal. I will definitely be back!
Just moved here from Austin, where crunchy vegan-friendly restaurants abound, trying to find a replacement for the girlfriends favorite veg-friendly hot-dog place in Austin has been hard to find... Alas Short Leash has surpassed even her expectations. Great service, fast, friendly, and too many variations on toppings to list.  I cant even pretend to know what hers was like because i greedily devoured mine ( the igby: coleslaw, bleu cheese, bbq sauce ) with reckless disregard for my fingers. Going to make it to Short Leash as often as possible....i only gave it 5 stars because i cant give it anymore.
I really wanted to LOVE this. I mean the trailer is sooo cute, and the food truck idea I am crazy about, but the soggy flat bread wasn't what I expected. I am willing to give it another try, and if I change my mind, I will recant!!!
Moki.  Hold the onion.  Beer Hot sausage.  Nothing more to say.
Imagine every hot dog you've ever had. Ok, now throw every image out the window because you haven't tasted anything until you've had a hot dog from Short Leash Dogs. 

Everything I heard about Short Leash Dogs is true and today I finally got to experience one. I visited Short Leash Dogs during their Pop-Up lunch at 335 W. McDowell today (a location which is pretty cool and I can't wait to see what it becomes, by the way). 

I studied the menu and had major menu anxiety while trying to figure out what to order. I wanted my first Short Leash dog to be perfect! I noticed that the special was called the "Sunny." It has peaches, goat cheese and prosciutto. They told me that it's only on the menu for a limited time, so of course I had to order it, especially since it has everything I love in life on it! 

I anxiously awaited my order and envisioned the luscious flat-bread engulfed in the goat cheese and prosciutto on top of the hot dog. It finally appeared and it took just one bite for me to be in a scene of "All Dogs Go To Heaven." I got the chicken hot dog and it was seasoned perfectly. The flat-bread complimented the meat and toppings and the prosciutto, peaches and goat cheese were the perfect summery twist on this hot day. 

After my visit to Short Leash, I decided that I will tie my leash to their food cart and follow them religiously around town. Not only are the owners two of the nicest people around, but their hot dogs are an extremely tasty addition to the Valley. 

Now if only Old Town allowed more food carts to post up shop. You'd think with the amount of bar and foot traffic, they would want gourmet food carts like Short Leash!
Absolutely Amazing Hot Dog! As a matter of fact, calling it simply a hot dog is an understatement. I had the Beer Hot- Aiko Style and was really happy with my choice. I would've never thought to put that combination of ingredients together on a hot dog but it works! The warm Naan bread was so good, I'm suck a sucker for warm bread. I visited them at Food Truck Friday's in Phoenix and the whole time I was there they consistently had the longest line of all the other food trucks yet their service was relatively fast. I'd say to go out of your way to hunt them down at least once because they are worth it! As far as a food truck is concerned I don't think they could've done any better! They have great food, an eclectic drink selection and friendly service.
I generally try to eat vegetarian but I make an exception for short leash. (They do have meatless dogs, but truthfully I've never even tried one). I try and tell people how great they are, but until you eat one, it's difficult to explain the magnitude of greatness. I like these better than Pink's, even better than Ted's (gasp). My old standyby is the Aiko with chipotle cream cheese. They give you a dum-dum lollipop with each dog, which I save in a bag to hand out at halloween. It's very likely that I won't have to buy any other halloween candy with how much I love this place.
Had a hot dog with mango salsa it was in a pita bread type roll it was messy and totally delicious and all fresh no preservatives. It was on a first Friday outside sage, lots of artists there was great fun!
It's over a week now since Yelp office hours met up with Short Leash Dogs at their Pop-Up location on W McDowell.  I can still taste the hot dog I had.  Beef hot dog w/ grilled onions, cheddar cheese and spicy mustard.  I have to say it was better than your average dog.  If you get a chance to catch up with these folks I suggest you do.  They not only make good dogs they are nice people to deal with.  They were even out of the trailer checking on customers as we were eating.
So good it makes you want to raise a dog of your own just to have the off chance of having it named after a new featured dog of the week recipe. I had one of their dogs for lunch the drove across to valley to have another for dinner. Calling these culinary concoctions gourmet doesn't begin to describe the goodness found in every single bite.
Great food! There are a ton of choices. I like to make my own, usually a brat with local hot sauce, blue cheese and sauteed onions. And always have to get a corn pup!

They also have gluten free options.
I was pleasantly surprised to see veggie dogs on the menu. Yaay!!!! 

The dog was thin but the flatbread and toppings were amazing! I love the variety had the Aiko, the Lady and built my own with beans.

I'll be going back for sure.
Beautiful day at the market. There's a little line at Short Leash but worth the wait. Ordered the Lady and my sister had the Aiko dog. Both were delicious. Please support our locals and check 'em out.
Short Leash is the best thing to happen to food trucks and hot dogs since the wheel and the bun. 
First, the owners are some of the nicest people I have ever met. They're very helpful and sweet and it makes the dining experience all the more satisfying. 
Second, they have a HUGE selection of items you can throw on top of your dog. They even have I guess what you would call "signature" dogs, all topped with their own concoctions and named after their own dogs.
(And may I just say as a dog owner and hot dog enthusiast, I just think that is super duper adorable)
Third, they have gluten free options! As someone who has recently developed an intolerance to gluten, I was more than bummed that I had to stop going to some of my favorite places because I could no longer have wheat. I was SO excited to find out I could still eat here. Just let them know if you need their gluten free options and they will help you out.
Last, they're pretty easy to find on any given day of the week. Some of the other food trucks only pop up from time to time and don't really use any of the social networking sites to their advantage. Short leash updates their facebook and twitter all the time so you know where they're at. Also, if you're their friend on facebook you can submit a photo of your dog and a recipe and make your pet the "featured dog of the week". I think it's, again, really cute and a good way to keep your customers excited for and talking about your business.
Heads up: If you're a vegetarian, don't expect some epic veggie dog. They focus more on the quality of the real meats. It's not bad, it's just kind of measly and you could probably microwave it at home from a package.

That being said, don't be discouraged, dear herbivores. There's so much delicious shiznit that goes on top, you won't even be thinking about the dog itself. From fried pickles, to sauteed onions, to mango chutney, to bleu cheese, it's basically a topping smorgasbord. How does all of that fit in a hot dog bun? It doesn't. It's wrapped in an awesome, big-ass piece of naan, and it's going to cost you a whole 5 bucks. Even if you're not a hot dog fiend, Short Leash is a good time, so go for the novelty of it (because next time I personally deep-fry pickles for a hot dog will be approximately never.)
Moki (with a beer hot), no mayo, add Sriracha and bacon.  Life changing.
The spicy dog was to die for! REALLY yummy and hot without overwhelming the other flavors on my doggy (^_^)
AMAZING food and WONDERFUL service. Literally have loved everything I've ordered (which is a lot). So many options and combos with a "featured" dog every week, which really keeps me coming back. I love supporting local, and I REALLY love supporting local when the food is great and owners actually care about your experience. Can't rave enough about Short Leash. A true gem of Phoenix.
The line was ridiculous.  The price is kind of steep for what it is.  The dog is kind of messy because of the way it's made.  But you know what?  I enjoyed it in a way I haven't enjoyed a hot dog in years!  Wow, that sounds kind of dirty.  This really is a unique take on one of the most common American foods.

I passed through the sea of trucks and people that is Food Truck Fridays on a mission to finally try the much yelped about Short Leash Dogs.  I can't say much too much that hasn't already been said.  While the 20 minute wait wasn't too thrilling, it all paid off in the end.  I just went with a traditional wiener, with tomatoes, onion, relish and spicy mustard.  While I was intrigued to try some of Short Leash Dog's specialties, most of the dogs on today's menu contained an item or two that I don't really like, and I wanted to compare Short Leash Dogs to what I am accustomed to the first time around.  Good sausage, good toppings and the flat bread is fantastic. 

I would happily join Lindsey F. by tying my leash to the cart and following them around town.  And I didn't even know that I still enjoyed hot dogs that much without a beer and a game!
These hot dogs were amazing. They are not your run of the mill hot dog stand though.

The toppings are not the norm, and there is no normal bread bun. However, you must give this place a shot. The food is delicious, and makes you want to go back for seconds.
So good! Love the veggie options. Great food truck!
It's all about the topping (and a huge choice there is), the bread, and the owners! Dogs could be big, but they tastes are big enough. Worst part is everyone discovering how great they are...long lines!
What a delicious surprise at the Mesa Arts Festival!  I have been dreaming of a place to get a veggie dog with interesting and mouth watering toppings for as long  as I can remember!  I was a little surprised when I was handed my dog wrapped in pita bread, but it was better than a bun. I will be tracking this one down again and again!
Umm...YUM! Short Leash is, so far, my favorite food truck and my favorite hot dog in Phoenix!

My favorite is the lady, but I do often try their weekly specials. The owner is always super nice, the food is great and affordable. I suggest that you follow them on twitter and find them at a location near you!
Awesome food truck! A regular at the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings but I run in to them around downtown frequently and the food is consistently excellent. Great and creative hot dogs. I love the Aiko but don't be afraid to create your own with their vast collection of toppings. I just wish they had a chili dog!
These are the nicest people you'll ever meet and they sell amazing hot dogs. I especially like the Igby: coleslaw, BBQ sauce and blue cheese. You can order off the list or choose your own combination of toppings, and you can even get a combo named after your dog. Veggie dogs are available for the non-carnivore crowd. A must-try if you're in Phoenix; find them Wednesday evenings and Friday lunchtimes outside the Phoenix Public Market downtown.
Short Leash Dogs is my favorite treat! You can always find them at the Farmers Market on Saturdays, at Food Truck Fridays and back at the Public Market on Wednesdays. My favorite dogs are of the beer battered variety, and my favorite dog is the Igby. You just can't be coleslaw, crumbled bleu cheese drizzled with a tangy bbq sauce served on a warm pice of naan. Oh wait, it can get better! Since naan is no longer in my diet, Brad has been so generous to create a custom gluten-free creation where they add extra meat, chop it up and create a short leash hot dog bowl! Absolutely delicious without the tummy-aggravating gluten - I'm a happy girl!!
Finally caught up with the Short Leash Dogs Truck. Thanks to Twitter I have been able to track down this hotdog heaven on wheels. We caught up with the truck at the Phoenix Market this Wednesday. This is a usual stop for Short Leash and they are joined by other food trucks. Very cool scene for a Weds. night.

We pretty much ordered the left side of the menu. We ordered the "Lady" and "Moki" both hot dogs are nestled into pita like buns (delicious). Absolutely the best hotdog I have had west of Wrigley Field. Sorry, Chicago dog will always be my fav. 

We also ordered a couple of the corndogs. Love their batter. Has kind of a cornbread consistency to it. I would recommend getting one or two of these.

We also ordered the fried pickles. I have always heard about fried pickles, but I have not found a place to try them. So glad Short Leash was my first. Would much rather have fried pickles than fries. 

The meal was awesome. The price was awesome. The Owners are awesome. We will be supporting this food truck regularly and will make sure we spread the word with our friends.
I ate there while at the Farmers market downtown, I had the corn dogs, but they were called something cute... SO GOOD! the Jalapeno and cheese dog was amazing! 
If you get the chance and you love hotdogs I highly recommend!
I stopped eating hot dogs years ago...too scary, too salty, too mysterious.  But all that changed with my first exposure to Short Leash Hot Dogs.  I am not an overboard foodie who likes bleu cheese on a hot dog.  I am a purist.  Call me old-fashioned, call me a traditionalist, but I like my hot dogs BASIC.  Mustard only.  I love that they don't give me a sad look when I order, they just deliver a great dog that fills the length of the superb nan bread.  Perfectly prepared, no mustard drips on my lap!  
Childhood is a state of mind and when I take a Short Leash bite, I'm zapped back to ball games with my dad, summer days at the pool, memories of the real thing!  
As good as it gets!  Phoenix is so lucky to have them!
I've been visiting Short Leash Dogs food trucks since...well...forever.  I just realized I never wrote a review.  LOVE LOVE LOVE their dogs.  Who could ever imagine that mango, cilantro, mayonnaise, jalapenos and a hot dog, served on nan bread, would ever go together?  I'm so thankful that Brad and Kat did, because that concoction is one little slice of heavenly dog.    

I actually hired Short Leash to cater a party I had at my house for 70 people and it was the talk of all my friends for months after.   I'm pretty certain that Short Leash saw an increase in visitor's the month after my party from all the guest that were introduced to their marvelous food :)  And, I'll tell you what, the price point was so reasonable (never mind the benefit I gained of not having to cook and clean up).

Brad and Kat are great people who care about the community and support the local-organic trend that is sweeping the nation.   Go catch them for dinner on Wednesday evenings (along with other food trucks) down at the Phoenix Public Market, or at Food Truck Friday's same locale.  You won't regret it!
How have I never reviewed Short Leash? I am so impressed with this food truck. Brad and Kat are always friendly and gracious, even when lines are 40 people long and they're running low on supplies. I've never had anything here that I didn't like. I usually get a chicken dog and it doesn't disappoint! Get anything here. Seriously. You won't regret it!
"But I don't even LIKE hotdogs!" I proclaimed as I devoured half of my BFs beer hot Oliver style.  That is what I thought until I had my first taste of Short Leash Dogs at the Downtown Phx market a few Sundays ago.  I was shocked at how much I loved it!  The bread!  It's so soft and compliments the dog and toppings perfectly.  The dog, the endless variety of toppings!  So awesome, I can't imagine better street food, and I can't wait to try the one with cream cheese and fried pickles.  In fact, I am planing my next visit as I type this, reminded of how instead of stealing my bfs - I have to have one of my very own ASAP.
Absolutley delicious.  Although the line was long it went pretty fast.  Hot Dog in a flatbread?  Yes!  Especially with a spicy beer dog and crisp bacon!  Best dog I can remember... And it was out of a truck.
Since my previous review I have been to Short Leash several times and each time it is just wonderful! I recommend trying their specials from week to week...they are often way better than their standard menu items. The food here is great, but the more impressive thing is the service! The owners of the truck are friendly and genuine people. Who wouldn't like this place??!!?! well...obviously no one, look at the reviews.
Short Leash Dogs is obviously a front runner in the relatively small but beautifully thriving food truck scene in Phoenix.  Their truck had one of the longest lines today (Food Truck Friday @ Phx Public Market), and since I wasn't feeling adventurous enough to try Cajun, I went for the dogs.

The Igby dog I gleefully munched was spot on - the acidity and fresh crunch of the coleslaw balanced well with the richness of the blue cheese and the sweet tang of the BBQ sauce.   It was just messy enough to be satisfying without making you look like a sloppy fool while milling around the lot.  And chasing it with local prickly pear soda = heaven.  It was a satisfying meal and not too expensive for the quality delivered.

Their menu is well-rounded, always important for a food truck since the menu needs to be small.  With five combinations of toppings, all with wildly differing flavor profiles, six choices of dog, plus the build-your-own option, there is something for everyone.  Their meat dogs are from Schreiner's, so you're golden with any choice you make there, and there is a veg option, as well, which I will never, ever be commenting on.  They also have a special of the day dog, which you'll have to arrive early for, since the devotees generally gobble them up.  And more power to them - the special I saw on the board looked amazing, and I was sorry I had missed it, having arrived an hour and a half into service.

The only reason I am daring to knock a star off this rating is that there is one tiny thing that needles me: the bread they use.  Don't get me wrong, the flatbread is delicious, inventive, and conducive to a not-too-messy eating experience.  It's a crucial part of their style of hot dog, and Short Leash's followers are nuts about it.  But...for me, I felt that they have a slight packaged quality to them that reminds me of Trader Joe's, which is not a horrible by any means, but it leaves me craving something more....  I can't help but wish they would add just one more option of bread/bun - in my opinion, a pretzel bun would make a killer addition.

Short Leash Dogs is a gem in the food truck scene and is absolutely not to be missed by local foodies.  I'm looking forward to trying all of their combinations in the years to come.
AMAZING HOT DOGS!
Couldn't believe how great the veggie dogs were! (That's right, were, those are past tense, so yummy!)
One of the best food trucks out there. Not to be missed, and affordable too!
I had the opportunity to taste these great dogs at the a street fair a couple of weeks ago. It was definately tasty! I opted to go with the Moki and a regular dog for the first time. It had a nice crisp skin and it truly was a great tasting dog. They have a ton of toppings to choose from, and I liked the combination of the Moki. I also liked the fact they have several options to choose from for their dogs. And they had a great selection of 'old school' soda. 

A+ for service! While there was a huge line and they were definately working very hard and on a sunny spring day - the service was extremely friendly. I was not a fan of the pita bread, it was very good bread, I just would prefer my dog on a roll. I also thought the price was reasonable - $5 for the dog. (I didn't get a drink, I didn't see the selection of soda until after I had paid and I didn't want to hold the other people up, there was a huge line that day). 

A+ for presention. It's not just a dog slapped in a pita - it's neatly placed and rolled in the pita with a toothpick and pickel (check out my pictures).

I am looking forward to trying their other selection of dogs!  Good Stuff!
I don't always get excited about hot dogs, but this is NOT your typical soggy-bun plus shriveled-dog kind of hot dog stand. They have a variety of meats to choose from, from veggie to brat to spicy beer dog, and a huge list of unique toppings like mango chutney and chipotle cream cheese. My absolute favorite part is the warm fluffy pita bread that your dog comes on instead of a plan old bun.

If you're a Short Leash newbie, try one of their combos like the Aiko, which Brad recommended I try with the spicy dog for a perfect sweet-and-spicy combination. Or go for their featured Dog of the Day, which today was a Greek-style dog with feta and homemade tzatziki sauce. Yum!
The best Hot Dogs around bar none! So many different hot dogs to choose from and the toppings are pretty much unlimited. So far the Igby has been my favorite, but next time I so have to add fried pickles to it! Try them out, you will not be disappointed!
Ordered the Lady with regular pickles instead of fried (gotta keep it gluten free) and a bratwurst. Yummy!! The chipotle cream cheese sauce drizzled over top gives a little kick and the sautéed onions added a little sweet. Delicious!
Short Leash Dogs is amazing, for sure.

The owners could not be sweeter and more friendly, and that is the secret to their success. In addition to buying an amazing product at good value, you get to meet and become part of the extended family with Short Leash. Even on the busiest of days, the SLD crew has time to say hi, chat, and make you feel like you're a good friend visiting their home. On a recent order I messed up what I typically get, and Brad stopped me and asked, "Hey- you usually get a beer hot, do you want something different?" Nope- I just spaced it, and he caught it.

The food is as amazing as the service, and I highly recommend getting a corn pup (with mustard, NEVER ketchup) and an Aiko dog with beer hot, or as I am trying to get it renamed, the Baiko!

Do yourself a favor, and DO NOT miss this amazing little food truck. Every visit I make you will see that Short Leash Dogs is the busiest and most popular, and that is for a good reason. Don't stress if there is a line, the SLD crew does not screw around- and the food is more than worth it.

Keep up the amazing work guys, I hope someday you guys have a brick and mortar location- because I will be the first one in line.
Since I discovered shortleash's gormet spin on the dreary old dog, I have dreams of coming back time and time again. Pick from one of the solid regular menu options, try and experiment by making your own custom dog, or mix it up by adding toppings to one of their menu choices. Choose your dog, such as bratwurst, spicey beer hot (my personal fav), a regular dog, veggie dog, etc. Choose from toppings like Fried pickles, cole slaw, pinto beans, cheddar cheese, chipotle cream cheese, fried onions, sauerkraut, mango chutney, sliced jalenpenos, and so much more, all of which seem to be fresh and extremely tasty. Wrap it all up in an indian naan flat bread. This is the stuff of legends.

I think I read somewhere that this weeks feature of the week comes with bacon - I think I know what I'll be eating for lunch today. I almost always make my dog custom. Sometimes I will change pace with the featured dog of the week, which are usually a little different and exciting. 

Check them on facebook or their website for their weekly schedule, they usually hang around down town for lunches through the week and dinner on select days.

... I think "food truck friday" at the phoenix public market should be re-named to "shortleashdogs and the food trucks" - expect a 20 minute wait in line to make your order if you show up around 12pm on friday for lunch. I promise it's worth the wait!

Quoted in the weekly Yelp newsletter 7-4-2012: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=L5AQHJ8yFfPtBRNI_xIRyA
The Phoenix food truck scene is finally taking off. We have almost every kind of gourmet food truck that other cities are proud to showcase. The first thing you will notice when approaching Short leash is their huge line, while virtually every other food truck doesn't have a line. Don't be tempted to leave. The lines are long- but completely worth it. Just a mustard dog kind of person? Don't be boring! Shortleash aren't just any hot dog...don't be afraid! My first glance at the menu, I was intrigued. Mango Chutney? Mayonnaise? hmmm...

After my first Short Leash- I was sold! I love trying their special of the day in order to try the latest and greatest concoction. I just had one that I still talk about that included a pretzal bun and apple cole slaw. Yum! Try it once, and you'll be hooked!
Good food and great selection! Nice owners!
There is a reason why Short Leash Dogs is the Number ONE Phoenix metro-area food truck and there is a reason why you will often find them to be the only truck with a line at all.  They are CRAZY GOOD!!!  Gourmet local dogs on warm naan flatbread with unique toppings - who would have thought?  I am not typically an adventerous eater, but this is a MUST TRY for everyone!  My husband and I are crazy for Short Leash Dogs and we are satisfying our cravings now an average of three times a week!  Really!  I am smitten about an "adjusted Lady style dog" - I order a spicy beer hot Lady with pinto beans and green chillis.  Yum!  The spice of the chipotle cream cheese and the crunch of the fried pickles are perfect with the snap of the spicy beer hot.  Unbelievably good I tell ya!  My husband has tried all of the suggested combinations and frequently orders the Featured Dog of the Week.  He has loved them all.  We have only gone wrong when we tried to make up our own - they weren't bad at all, just not as good at Kat and Brad's creations. They have deep fried pickles.. the good kind!  They start with local fresh pickles, batter and fry them to order.  We always share a side!  If you have never tried fried pickles, this is where you need to try them.  If you have had them other places, this is where you need to go to get them!   We only tried our own creations at our first visit and have since left the culinary creativity to these professionals!  We follow their schedule on Facebook and are excited to see that they are adding more regular locations in addition to their Phoenix Public Market days/nights... You can find them at Urban Cookies at lunch time on Tuesdays now, Urban Beans for dinner on the 3rd Thursday of the month and now EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT at their own spot behind Frances & Smeeks (Central/Camelback) called SIT...STAY.   They have a little dining area set up and a fixed sample menu.  (We have been there every Friday since they started.)  Great way to try different options in an inviting environment that makes you want to visit, sit and stay!  We luva-luva Short Leash and enjoy bringing friends and out of town guests to experience the Phoenix vibe that they have helped to create.  Again, I am not an adventerous eater.  I expected a weenie, standard bun, mustard and kraut from a hot dog truck.  I am sooo glad that I didn't find that here and I gave it a try!!   I will never have a regular dog again and I won't miss it either!
This place was a fun and refreshing alternative to the conventional restaurant for date night. The menu offers creative combinations of toppings and then you pick the style of sausage you want and it's all served on warm naan. At first, I was given the wrong order, but the staff was friendly, quick to apologize and fixed their mistake. The food truck scene allows us to bring the dog and for $20, we had a delicious meal and a change of scenery. Awesome.
I love this food truck! The owners are super friendly and the hot dogs are always awesome.
I love me some Short Leash!

On Tuesdays I often grab my lunch from here when they're parked in front of Urban Cookies, and today I was able to snag lunch from Short Leash at the Phx Public Market. It was no surprise that out of the 3 or 4 other food trucks parked in the lot, theirs was the only one with a steady line. I love that their ingredients are locally sourced, which means that when I support this local business, I'm essentially supporting all the other local purveyors of tasty foods as well! My favorite menu item is the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, fried pickles and sauteed onions), with a chicken dog and easy on the cream cheese. Another delicious option is the Igby (cole slaw, bbq sauce and blue cheese) with swiss. instead of blue cheese. Since their dogs are served on naan-type flatbread, you're saved from the awful and inevitable split along the bottom that traditional hot dog buns so tragically suffer from. Pure genius! I have yet to branch out from the chicken dog as I'm not a big consumer of pork and beef products, so I can't vouch for any of the other dog options. I did, however, try a bite of a jalapeno-cheese Corn Pup and it sure was awesome! The owners couldn't be nicer, also! Just an all-around lovely food truck that Phoenix is lucky to have.
These dogs are really as good as it gets!!!! Love me some Short Leash Dogs!!!
Hello. I think I love you! 

I FINALLY got to try out short leash dogs at the Yelp pleY event! 
The corn dogs were probably my favorite! Though the other little bites were just as fantastic! I cant wait to actually eat a meal from this place! 

Keep it up! You guys rule!
I've unearthed hot dog Nirvana!

I've been Yelping on and off for about nine months and during that time never --- I say NEVER ---  have given five stars to any restaurant.  Much to my surprise and delight, I've found the perfect quick serve meal in the most unlikely of places: a food truck!

The local food trucks and specifically, Short Leash, have had their fair share of "ink" recently and I'm so glad my curiosity got the best of me.  The long line in the hot Phoenix weather during last week's Food Truck Friday was long forgotten once I bit into a "Regular" (pictured) with "Lady" toppings.  The hot dog was cooked to perfection with it's slightly crispy casing and flavorful meatiness.  I had no idea it would be served on naan, but loved the soft, light freshness of it all.  And the toppings?  The Lady includes Chipotle Cream Cheese, sauteed Onions and fried Pickles ... all of which created a wonderful combination of flavors, though did not overpower the flavor of the meat.

I was so impressed with Short Leash that I made a point of visiting again THE VERY NEXT DAY!  This time it was The Chicken (pictured) with Aoki toppings (Mango Chutney, diced Jalapenos, Red Onions, fresh Cilantro and Mayo) which blew me away.  Whoever came up with these flavor combinations is a genius!

And as for the staff, let me just say that they are genuinely THE nicest people around or deserve an Academy Award.  (And remember, they're working hard in the heat, ya know!)

Thank you, Short Leash, for doing it right.  I'll undoubtedly be back for more hot dogs --- and smiles.  But don't worry, I won't complain about the long line.  ;)
It does not get better than this.

I'm not one for hot dogs, so I always opt for the chicken dog. They have some crazy combinations that are absolutley fabulous. The pita bread they use for the bun puts it above the rest. It's different for sure, but so worth the money. It's filling for sure!

They feature a dog of the week sent in by customers which is pretty cool.

I never thought anything gourmet could be sold out of a truck, but Short Leash proved me wrong!
Love short leash. The best part is they have vegan options with great toppings to choose from. I've been to short leash many times in a variety of places and every time they are extremely nice and consistent with their food. Definitely the best food truck I've tried so far.
Amazing food, fantastic people. Brad and Kat have a true Arizona gem.

Take quality product (their food) with clear and consistent branding, and run your business with love and genuine smiles--that's the ticket to a successful business.

Not many do that well any more. Short Leash does and we love them for it.
My husband and I have been coming to this food truck for almost 2 years.
It never lets us down & never disappoints!
We follow them around to all of their different locations/events/parking lots so that we can get our Short Leash fix! You might call us food-stalkers.
We have eaten there during Food Truck Fridays, Public Market Saturdays, in the Stinkweeds parking lot, and at the Willo Home Tour! We have introduced a lot of friends/family and they are all just as smitten as we are.
It's basically the most gourmet hot dog you'll ever eat, but the owners are so nice & not at all arrogant about the amazingness of their food. They will even make a point to get to know you by name!
I always get the Igby, which is a lovely combination of BBQ sauce, fresh coleslaw with purple cabbage/carrots and blue cheese, all tucked into a warm, toasty piece of naan indian flatbread. I usually pair it with an old-fashioned coca cola in a glass bottle. (Their selection of retro drinks is another great thing about them).
My husband is more adventurous than I am, he has tried them all, but his favorite is the Bear, a new addition to their menu that involves both peanut butter and bacon. What more could a man want?

They are the best food truck in Phoenix, and possibly America! Get yourself to Short Leash today!
Love these guys!!!!  Igby please and thank you.  I am a happy girl!!
Best. Hotdog. Ever.
Please go out of your way to find out where they are located!  You won't regret it.  I have eaten here many times (20+) at Food Truck Friday.  They were part of the food service at World of Beer in Tempe last Saturday.  They had many regulars follow them to WOB and we chatted with many people in the bar who also keep Short Leash on a Short Leash and follow them around town.
Yum Yum Yum!!!!!!

Try it and you'll have the same review :)
O my goodness!! I just tried The Bear today (a.k.a. the 7th Inning Stretch) and it was crazy delicious! Where else in the Valley can you get a spicy naan wrap dog smothered with Cracker Jacks, peanut butter, crumbled bacon, smoked gouda cheese and BBQ sauce? I admit that it sounds like a wreck, but I have never had such a tasty dog in my life. Live on the wild side and give it a try, you may never think of hot dog toppings the same way again!
I came here for food truck friday a few weeks ago. It was delicious! I got to choose all of my toppings for cheap- no $1 extra here or there. I love that their dogs are in the flat bread they use, it's yummy and more efficient than a bun. I'm willing to go out into the phoenix heat for these hot dogs!
Someone once told me that if you're going to preface a sentence with "It goes without saying.." then you should probably say it. So despite the plethora of superstar reviews, I am going to chip in and echo the feedback this magnificent food truck deserves. 

Meatless dogs should taste like, well... meaty dogs. Let's face it, real hot dogs have a je ne sais quoi about them because you pretty much don't know what is in them. While I can't speak to the quality of the real meat hot dogs which are probably higher quality that Oscar Meyer and likely consist of real meat, I can tell you that buying veggie dogs from the store will never suffice again. No it's not that the roll of mystery non-meat is a superb mockup of actual meat, it's the furnishings. Who the heck thought of delicately and lovingly wrapping this cylindrical American staple in a fabulously plush piece of exotic non-American naan? These guys. 

As for the toppings, I am so indecisive about choosing among the incredibly delicious options that I typically just tell them to surprise me so long as it's not bacon. Blue cheese? Well usually I'm vegan, but for this...yes. Cabbage? Um yes. And whatever that is on that guy's hot dog before me, I want that too. I have never finished consuming one of these hot dogs wanting anything more from life at that moment. So while "it goes without saying," it's worth being said over and over. This is yum.
Short Leash is quickly becoming one of my favorite lunch spots. The people are kind, the food is wonderful, and the wait is never too long. Their veggie dog is the best I've had in the city (especially when smothered with barbecue sauce and blue cheese). I also appreciate their eclectic beverage assortment. It's such a fresh experience for the cost of a Burger Kind value meal.
Pros: lots of topping choices and you can add as many toppings as you want; fair price for a hot dog; if you are into low carbs or can't eat bread there is a "naked dog" option where you pay the same price as a regular hotdog but you get two meats and no bun

Cons: the buns are not traditional hot dog buns, but more of a pita-like bun which I didn't like that much; the fried pickles were cut a little too thick and therefore not that crispy

would I eat here again? sure, but not before trying all the other food trucks at the public market on Fridays
The Ultimate Phoenix Downtown Destination!

On a day where it's 106 degrees in the shade, 30+ people standing in line can't be wrong. If there's this many people willing to risk 2nd degree burns from the scortching sun waiting in line for their turn to order up a hotdog, there really must be something to it. No where else in Phoenix will you find people this dedicated. I just couldn't help myself; I was drawn to get in line with everyone else.

Brimming with excitement from all the possibilities, the wait in line seems miniscule compared to the payout I am about to receive from such an amazing dog! Will I get a Mokie and add fried pickles? Will I order a Lady and top it off with green chilies and pinto beans? How about the Oliver and throw in some of that tasty coleslaw? Wait, no, I'll have the Bear, naked style. Maybe instead of the Bear, I'll get a corn dog, with some of that awesome chipotle cream cheese. The possibilities are endless - I guess I'll just have to keep coming back until I've had them all!

Oh no!! after getting closer to the front of the line, I found out they've even got a featured dog of the week with customized specialty toppings and this week it's Beef and Bean Chili topped with Fritos and Cheddar! What will I choose?!?!?

A quick visit to Food Truck Fridays in downtown Phoenix (McKinley and Central) between 11am and 1:30pm will prove there's Short Leash, and then there's everyone else. Don't make the mistake and get stuck ordering from "everywhere else."

Happy Yelping Phoenix and go grab one of these awesome dogs!
I am not someone who likes hotdogs.. In fact, most times I turn my nose up at them... However, a few months back my friend invited me to a food truck event in Scottsdale and raved about the hotdogs.. I was up for an adventure and went for it.. and I was not disappointed. In fact, I've tried to recreate at home and I try to make it to the Short Leash Hotdog truck as often as possible. 

The Lady Dog is where it is at with it's rich chipotle cream cheese and tangy friend pickles. I would recommend Short Leash Dogs to anyone. I am now a fan of hotdogs.
Despite being a "southern girl", I attempt to eat fairly clean and healthy most of the time. BUT SERIOUSLY, what human being can turn down a deliciously cheesy dog sprinkled with fried pickles?! (All you fried-pickle virgins, chuck your stereotypes aside for one moment and just relish the reality that most delectable things do in fact come in small salty pockets of HEAVEN.)  Needless to say, I consumed the "lady signature dog" and found it to be delectable.
I finally tried and am so glad I did! Definitely not your typical dog. Warm and easy to bite into, and wrapped in delicious bread... what was that, pita? 

Definitely try... you'll be glad you did.
A while ago the words "hot dog" and "food truck" would have made me cringe. Combine those words and I'd turn green. Short Leash Dogs has changed my mind and has me wagging my tail.

Short Leash is a food truck that offers gourmet hot dogs, sausages, and brats all from a local vendor - Schreiner's Sausages. They can be found where most food trucks convene around town, but I enjoy them every third Thursday of every month at Whole Foods Raintree. They have 5 regular "combos", a weekly special, and build your own. The build your own is rather daunting, as there are so many toppings. I love that they come on Naan bread instead of hot dog buns. (The Naan bread is super soft, so you know it's fresh.) They also have corn dogs for the kids or young at heart. (They are delish.) 

The line can be long, but the actual service is quick and friendly. Also, a long line indicates how good the food is! And let me tell you, it's good! I've had a brat, an Italian sausage, and the "adult" corn dog (jalapenos and cheddar). My friend had the veggie dog and said it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place and look forward to trying everything on the menu!
Let me start by saying that I don't typically like hot dogs....honestly, I hardly EVER eat one. The only other place I will order a hot dog is at Pinks in LA or Vegas.

We tried Short Leash for the first time Thursday night. For the month of October they are parked at Jam Market in Old Town every Thursday from 4PM-8PM. Since they mainly set up shop in Central Phoenix and we live in Arcadia, we decided this would be our best bet!

Holy delicious. It was honestly one of the best things I've had in a long time. After drooling over the menu for a few minutes, I decided on the Aiko with a chicken dog. Brad was taking orders and when I told him I wanted to sub the mayo for spicy mustard, he was quick to offer up his suggestion of trying sriracha instead. I always appreciate when people give you their suggestions on what can make your meal that much better and the sriracha did just that...it was AMAZING. Now I like my food super spicy so I also added pepperoncinis and even got a little spicy mustard on the side.

Next up....fried pickles! These were awesome too! Thick cut and breaded perfectly! Now I'm a huge fried pickle fan (I like the chips VS the spears) and with not many valley spots offering up these tasty treats, I was super stoked they had them. I actually ended up dipping these in the spicy mustard...and sriracha. I know, I have problems.

Now my boyfriend on the other hand is a major hot dog fan, however, he typically doesn't stray too far from the standard hot dog with ketchup. Thursday night he decided to go with their featured special which was named after an adorable pup named Desi. This one came with a smoked Italian sausage, peppers, onions & garlic all slow cooked in a red wine tomato sauce and topped with shaved parmesan. He LOVED it. Cleaned his plate. I was somewhat skeptical of how he would like the naan that it comes on instead of a bun but it didn't phase him one bit!

Overall, we were two happy campers! The only thing I would love to see are french fries or tater tots gracing their menu!
Great food! I NEVER eat a hot dog; however, I was pressured to try Short Leash and was not disappointed at all! I was not only able to to select special toppings, but could also select unique meat such as a duck dog, my combination was amazing, I will definitely try another.  Now we just need a cocktail menu!
Short Leash, hmmm, what can i say. If you love dogs, hot dogs and food in general, this place is the only way to go. Look them up on facebook, get heir calendar and follow them around. My wife and I love them, great food, awesome people, what else can you ask for. Price is awesome, but quality is waaaaay better. Get an awesome meal at SIT-STAY and end the week in good company. Enjoy and stay safe
Their sausages are made by a place called Schreiners Fine Sausages.  If you don't like the casing on your dog to snap when you bite into it, this is not the place for you.  The food is good, and they have interesting menu options.  Everything from saurkraut and swiss to peanut butter and bacon.  They also sell a hand battered corn dog, coleslaw, fried pickles, and kettle chips.

A highlight are the fried pickles.  They are great by themselves or as a topping on your dog.  I was underwhelmed by the coleslaw--It was good, but not great.  If the coleslaw had more flavor, and the batter on the corn dog was a little sweeter, I would give this place a solid 5.  4 stars ain't bad though.  I will definately be back to try the "Bear."

Bear (7th inning stretch)
Peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked gouda, bacon and BBQ sauce.

It takes stones to have something like this on your menu, and perhaps equal stones to order it.  I love it when a solid business has a challenging menu item for the public to wax and wane over trying.
YUM! If you haven't tracked this Food Truck down, you haven't lived in Phoenix. These guys serve Hot Dogs Right!
Ive been hearing from numerous friends that Short Leash Dogs serve amazing food, but Ive always missed them....until last Wed.

They were the only reason I went to the ASU food truck block party and I was not disappointed. Being a pretty adventurous foodie (and coming from a region where we eat peanut butter on hamburgers) I decided to dive right in and order a Bear: Peanut butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked gouda, bacon, and BBQ sauce on the dog of my choice (all beef) wrapped in a flatbread. Um, delicious. Tangy, and sweet and just throughly enjoyable. I never ever wouldve thought that that combination of ingredients would be as good as it was. Ill definitely be making more trips to SLD.
I'm not normally a fan of cart food, but these folks are great. Clean inside and out, they offer a consistently great meal with weekly specials and regulars. The staff is super friendly, knew me by name on my second visit, and even after I had been away for a few weeks.
The bear with a bratwurst, Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce is AMAZING.
My favorite food truck I've tried in the city! The hot dogs are unique, the people working are nice, and you definitely get enough food for $6. Try the Igby!
Short Leash Dogs are the best Hot Dogs in Town. If you are in downtown Phoenix on a Friday afternoon, you should head over to Short Leash and try one of their awesome Hot Dogs.   My favorite hot dog is the Bear; it has peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked Gouda, bacon and BBQ Sauce on the Hot Dog.  Or you can create your own masterpiece with your choice of these 20+ toppings!
I considered lying and stating in my review that the dogs were awful solely to reduce the number of people waiting in line for them, but I realized that would be extremely selfish. I am astounded that the hot dog I ate was as good as it was. Everyone should try one of these dogs.
Ryan J brought me out here and, yes, I brought my A game--went ahead and ordered the Bear: peanut butter, cracker jacks, bacon, gouda and BBQ sauce. It was state-fair-what-did-I-Just-Do? awesome. So good. 

The carneys selling overpriced knitting nearby were odd--but we liked the lamps the guys recreating Mad Men were pimping out there.

I don't know anything about these Short Leash Dogs people--but they clearly have something dialed in. The Bear dog was part of some contest put on by the Arizona Diamondbacks. They won, so now it's become a big deal for them.

Ryan J got a different dog. And as he reviewed nearly two years ago: you gotta "unleash your hot dog inhibitions" to get into this place.

Who has hot dog inhibitions? Dumb people, that's who.
his was my first time eating here.  I had the Igby  on a spicy dog.  Very tasty.  Great coleslaw and blue cheese.  Quick, and a friendly staff.  I will definitely eat here again!
Although not prepared like your common hot-dog, Short Leash Dogs have a unique fresh taste that really makes them stand out.
Still phenomenal, and if you get to the truck at around 11:40am on Fridays the line is not too bad. The Igby is by far the best dog they have available.
Moving next to things much more familiar to four wheeled dining, the classic hot dog cart took on a whole new look thanks to Brad and Kat at Short Leash Hot Dogs.  Generally not a fan of the American standard beef on a bun with condiments but far more interested in artisanal sausages and the like it was the all-natural Bratwurst from Schreiner's Fine Sausages that first turned my head, but it was the condiments that sold me hook, line and sinker.

With each variation of dog named after a pooch of their own, or one of a friend, as I was told by one of the workers while I waited the cart serves up approximately half a dozen signatures plus daily specials, and a build your own option all atop pillowy flatbread (think pita, but with a more open and airy crumb) and although many sounded good none sounded on par with the "Bear" - a dish called 'stupid good' by a trusted palate and on first seeing, then tasting the concoction a very fair assessment.

Described on the menu as "Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce" and in my case tinged with a bit of spice from the all-pork Brat this $6 concoction literally hits every part of the palate like a sweet, salty, crunchy, fatty, creamy, and spicy sledgehammer.  Whimsical and fun but decidedly not an everyday indulgence it's the sort of dish that could assuredly fail under many circumstances and fall under the absurdities or Man vs. Food category, but instead it just works beautifully - a dish that would not be out of place at any number of haute hotdog purveyors in other major cities and more than enough reason to give Short Leash another taste at a later date.
WARNING!  Might be offensive to those with no sense of humor!  

If I could give 10 dogs...I mean stars I would!

I had heard a lot of good things about this place and figured I'd give it a try...despite the LONGEST line ever.  As we approached the menu I felt this wave of anxiety wash over me.  I mean how many different toppings can you put on a hot dog.  Wait? Did I read that correctly? Cracker Jacks? Peanut Butter? BACON? GOUDA...on the same hot dog?  Um...yummy???  

Ok. so I wasn't as adventurous as my best friend...I opted for the spicy beer dog with sauerkraut, spicy mustard, cilantro, jalapenos, tomatoes, and smoked gouda.  Wrapped in not a typical hot dog bun, but in this soft pita type bread.  I was in love.  

My best friend went for it though...she ordered THE BEAR!  Beef dog, peanut butter, bbq sauce, smoked gouda, cracker jacks....I took a bite and instantly had weiner envy!  (hehehe)

The peanut butter gave it this asian/thai/korean type of flavor.  It was delicious! Next time I'm going back to have the mango chutney/cilantro dog.  

Ok...I know I keep rambling and this review is poorly written, but as I write I keep remembering all of the goodness that goes on in this little food truck.  As for the weiners...(the following has a rating of PG-13 due to some innuendos and connotations that could be inferred) they have that casing that as soon as you put the weiner in your mouth...well, it kinda snaps/pops!  Then all the flavorful goodness just begins to take over your tastebuds and well, I can't speak for everyone here, but I got this warm and fuzzy feeling searing through my body!  I had to take a moment to savor this feeling as I wasn't sure when I would experience it again!  Woooo-sahhhhhh.  This was like being on a date with Shemar Moore...I just wanted to take that dog in my hand and say "Hey baby girl...how youuuu doin?"  Ok so I mixed a little Joey Tribiani in there as well!

Anyway...the dude at the window was super friendly and very patient with my inability to just make a damn decision!  The line moved fairly quickly and the wait for the food wasn't long at all!  

Oh did I mention that their corn dogs look like a giant fried piece of heaven?  There's always next time....
Great dogs, great service, great people watching.  What more could you ask for?
Finally had a chance to order off of their full menu. They were at the Miller Market one Thursday and my bf and I stopped by for dinner. I had the Moki with no tomatoes and my bf had the Oliver (I think) and we shared some fried pickles. We both really liked what we had and I look forward to seeing them more around my side of town!
Back from Phoenix, and still can't stop thinking of "The Bear"! 

Once you get past the novelty of the peanut butter and the crackerjack, the trio of the smoked gouda, bacon, and bbq sauce make an incredible topping! 

I had my dog sliced up and with no "bun", so each piece was just smothered in all that lovely mess, where the dog (nitrate free btw!) had enough delicious flavor to stand out as well!

Just heaven!
Man what can i say about short leash dogs other than simply amazing . . . now that i think about it that pretty much sums up short leash. The first time i had their dogs was at my graduation party, my parents said that their hot dogs were absolutely amazing and they weren't wrong.
My biggest problem with Short Leash is that the Chicken Igby dog is so good that I haven't tried anything else. Sure, the other dogs look tempting, but a hot dog with BBQ sauce, blue cheese, and cole slaw is too good to pass up, and I crave it before I go. The chicken itself is high quality - slightly spicy, but not too much so. And the side of fried pickles ($3) is excellent and I have a hard time passing that up as well. Thankfully Short Leash goes to Urban Cookies every Tuesday for lunch, and that's just a couple miles from where I work. Of course, that means I may just have to stop in for a cookie as well...
I have been faithful to only Short Leash dogs for years and just realized that I had not written them a proper review.  First, Brad and Kat, the owners/operators/chefs/etc, are the most friendly folks you could hope to meet. Talk about service with a smile.And, as a vegetarian that loved hot dogs in my past life, it is wonderful to have so many tasty options in one spot to satisfy me and my meet loving husband. The Igby is my personal fave, or was, until I tried the Bear. Served on delicious pita-like flatbread, it is covered in peanut butter, gouda and cracker jacks.......OMG!!! Had one Saturday and going today for another. Yeah....that good! Also, try the fried pickles! The fried pickles are a delicious side to the interesting dog combos they offer. 

I can't say enough phenomenal things about their unique take on hot dogs or the flavorful concoctions they have come up with......My mouth is watering and yours should be too. So why are you still reading this? Find that food truck!
I was reading the reviews on yelp and excited to try it out.  Was super happy when I saw the food van at Phoenix Public Market on a Saturday.

I got the vegetarian dog Igby style (BBQ sauce, slaw and blue cheese crumbles).  It is wrapped in the softest, warm, delicious flat bread.  Something in it was a bit to spicy for me - not sure if it was the BBQ sauce or the slaw that was spicy.

I also tried the vegetarian corn dog.  Basically hot pepper jack cheese dipped in corn meal batter and deep fried.  I didn't care for it much at all.  Either did my daughter.  (And we really like a similar thing from Hot Dog on a Stick at the mall).

I am super excited that they have veggie dogs and can't wait to try another combination.  YUM!
I have heard more about this from Jon H. than I can tell you. He did not understate how great these hot dogs are. I almost wouldn't categorize them as hot dogs because they are better than any others I have ever had. Short Leash Dogs is not to be missed.
After a year of wishful thinking, I finally got an opportunity to try this place out; I was not disappointed.  I drug my boyfriend out to the four peaks tasting room where I saw Short leash was set up a couple hours; heck what could be better than beer and hotdogs?!?!?  I ordered the moki and it was soooooo good.  I love that they don't use regular hotdog buns here, instead they opt for naan bread which has way better flavor.  I'm definitely looking forward to coming back some time for a second round:)
I swear I already wrote a review for Short Leash but I guess not. Everywhere I go where food trucks are present, Short Leash always seems to be there. They always have the longest line too. My coworkers and I try to make it out to the food trucks every 3rd Thursday in front of the Whole Foods off of Raintree Dr. They always get Short Leash and after seeing them order the corn dogs every time, I caved and had to see what all the hype was about. Let me tell you, their jalapeno and cheese corn dog is the best I've ever had. I was a little skeptical because I'm not a huge spicy food person but I was told that it was pretty mild (which it is). The batter definitely made it, it was nice and crunchy (not soggy like your usual corn dog). I may have to try one of their dogs next time but the corn dog was so good I don't know if I can stray away. If you do decide to make a custom dog, you can put on as many toppings as you want without an extra charge. I think that's pretty neat since places usually charge you for every little extra thing.
Finally saw their truck at The Willo Home Tour event. And I was hungry so I got two dogs: a regular wiener with coleslaw, Swiss and thousand island dressing. The other was called the "Bear" and seemed to be named a "7th inning stretch favorite" since it included peanut butter, Cracker Jacks and nuts. both very good but would've been better with melted cheese. The warm flatbread is a great touch and allows more toppings to surround the dog.

Service was friendly and efficient. I'll be keeping them on a short leash in the future...and look forward to trying more of their concoctions!
Thank you for being amazing!  Short Leash Dogs is great people!  Very sweet with excellent customer service.  I explained to my husband that all I wanted was a good, a REALLY good veggie hot dog.  The next day we visited Short Leash and I couldn't be more pleased!  While they do employee the tofu Smart Dog (which I previously have found bland), their take on how to dress the dog drove me to buy my own pack that same day.  They have very eccentric toppings, the themes of which are inspired by the personalities of their favorite dogs.  My husband, who is not a vegetarian really enjoyed their hand-breaded corn dogs.  I believe there are 4 (?) non-veggie dog/brat choices.  We are considering having them cater our next big event!!  We also plan on visiting them much more often and with our pups in tow.
Ode to Short Leash.

I once heard a whisper of a much beloved hot dog; of island dreams come alive atop a six inch bun. I dared not believe there could be another to even compare against my precious. 

I feel as a guilty lover drifted away from his one true love in a moment of weakened convictions. The hot peppers and spicy caribbean sauce left me breathless and weak in the knees. As a guilty lover always does, he comes crawling back from rediscovery of what he once knew to be true. Short Leash's love is ever lasting, and how dare I even consider another. 

I have faith in our bond; Short Leash, and our ties are not easily broken. I regret even the consideration that there could be another out there to quench the lunchtime desires for hot dog delights. I promise I shall not stray again, with a conviction of the strength of stone.

From hence forth, I promise to remain faithful to the lovingly topped gourmet hot dogs. Available with sauerkraut, cole slaw, pepperoncini's, jalapeños, mango chutney, pinto beans, cheddar cheese, chipotle cream cheese, diced tomatoes, fried pickles, grilled onions, peanut butter, Swiss cheese, thousand island dressing, blue cheese, green chilis, smoked gouda, relish, bacon and barbeque sauce.

Happy Yelping Phoenix, don't stray far from your one true love.
One word - Corndog
Added word - Jalapeno
HELLZ YES!  

This is just one of the food trucks that J and I stalk..err...follow.  J's current favorite - the Moki.  His exact words yesterday, "I would fistfight a nun for a Moki Dog right now."  

Thats some hot dog.
A small little trailer hauling a huge load of Flavor, Short Leash has become an instant favorite of mine, and on your fist bite, will be one of yours as well.  I love their food, and Short Leash shows in their handcrafted selections that they Love serving it even more.  They'd make a Jewish Person give up being Kosher.  A Muslim give up being Halal.  A Vegetarian take down a cow with their teeth and bare hands to help provide beef for the sausages!

I first sampled their scrumptious Jalapeno Cheese Corn Dogs and their ever so savory Spicy Beer Beef sausage at a Yelp Play Date at the Phoenix Children's Museum.  Immediately I sprung into action, liking them on Facebook  and following on Twitter so that I could stalk this cart of deliciousness wherever they went like a psychotic ex-girlfriend.

Fast Forward to last Friday Night at their weekly Sit and Stay behind Stinkweeds on Central and Camelback..  My Wife decided on the tried and true Jalapeno Cheese Corn Dogs and I tried the Moki Dog.  This decadent dog, is loaded with roasted green chilies, sauteed onions, fresh tomatoes, pinto beans, cheddar cheese and mayo, then served on a warm flatbread instead of a bun,  Also, upon my wrapped dog came a spicy pickle slice that smacked my taste buds around and made them it's bitch.  I was tempted to order a whole mess of them as a side.  Then I moved to the sausage in question.  Upon my first bite of the Moki... instant Foodgasm!  The Spicy Beer Beef was my sausage of choice and I can definitively say that any other way is just Blasphemy and you should be beaten with reeds should you deviate.  But that's just my opinion.  Since that last bite on Friday continuing through to these past few days, I've been wanting a Moki Dog so badly that I'd fistfight a Nun, a rabbi, a priest, an imam and my own grandmother if any of them got the last one!

Thankfully, Short Leash keeps a detailed schedule of where they will be and makes sure to alert their Facebook and Twitter followers to any special events and menu items.  So, getting another dog shouldn't require an ecclesiastical or familial melee.   I could go broke following Short Leash, and be happy for it.  But, Short Leash is so amazingly priced for what you get, that it won't break the bank hounding them for their Treats Of Ultimate Tastiness.  If you haven't already tried them... drop what you are doing this moment, get that browser opened to http://shortleashhotdogs.com/, find where they are today and start a line NOW!

If I could give them 10 stars, I'd still bitch that it wasn't enough.  Sit.  Stay.  Good Dogs!
This ain't your daddy's hot dog cart! No sirree Bob, if you're looking for Vienna franks boiled in dirty water, steamed buns, and French's mustard you may want to keep driving.

However, if you're looking for a gourmet experience where loving care is paid to  every dog they cook, then this is your place. Hot dogs with gouda cheese, bacon, and even peanut butter as toppings. I had the bacon-wrapped bockwurst with german potato salad and it was delicious. Even the kids dogs with basic ketchup and mustard are wrapped in a pita rather than a bun and my boys really enjoyed them.

Additionally, at least at the Central and Camelback location they have a firepit and sell Smores kits which made my boys very happy and will be enjoyed by adults as well.

Finally, the service was great! Despite the crowds, service was friendly, attentive, and very prompt - which is something you don't always find at food trucks.

Short Leash Dogs - we will be back!
Went to Four Peaks Tasting Room's grand opening and I knew I had to try this place.  They have a hot dog called "The Bear".  it has bacon, barbeque, gouda (sounding good right...just wait this is the weird part), peanut butter, and cracker jack.  Okay now I am intrigued and stay with me people!
I nervously waited in the endless line which included some weirdos who were not in the line just standing by it to confuse everyone.  I was still questioning this crazy concoction, but as an adventurous eater I had to try it.  When we FINALLY got to the front I ordered.  They did not have gouda, but no matter I order swiss instead.  They were also out of most of the types of hot dogs, but luckily I just wanted a regular anyway.  Then you stand in a line to wait for your food.  This was lots of time to second guess my sanity on this one, but I am glad I did not.
The hot dog was REAL GOOD!  i took it over to where the band was playing (Blueshounds were also a really good addition to my hot dog experience).  WOWZA!  This thing was good!  The dog was served up in naan bread instead of the usual bun.  The salty sweet and spicy combo was unlike anything I have ever tasted and good too!  The peanut butter gave it a kind of pad thai taste and the cracker jack crunch sealed the deal.  This was a winner.
If you don't know how to do it, I'll show you how to walk the dog! - Rufus Thomas said it waaaaay back when, but I'm saying it now.  I'll walk a dog and anything else a long way to have one of these creative tasty delicious hot dogs.

It all dates back to my childhood when I thought a hot dog, boiled in a pot of water, on an unassuming bun with a squirt of mustard and a dash of ketchup was the best a dog could get.  Then I went to Chicago/New York during my undergrad years only to  discover that more than ketchup and mustard can go on a hot dog and make it taste REAL good.  So, as my hot dog paradigm is making another shift... I want to recognize and give the appropriate YELP-out to Short Leash Dogs!

This place is quite simply Ah-mazing.  They put "stuff" together on a hot dog that I never would have imagined putting together across meals in the same day!  But these interesting toppings together  taste sooo good on a hot dog from SLD!  I've had exactly 3 hot dogs from this place and each time I'm amazed that, not only did I like the dog, I LOVED IT!  The most interesting thus far has to be the Bear hot dog.   I had it prepared Naked (that's no bun, 2x the hot dog) with the spicy hot dog.  The bear has Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce on it.  Yes, you read it correctly!  Cracker Jacks and Peanut butter... If this is your first time around the block, I'm sure we had the same first thought - Are they serious?  Oh, but yes... serious as a dog about his bone!   The flavors in the bear meld together in your mouth and the taste bursts with the peanut butter and the cracker jack, just enough salty with the sweet; nutty with the mild flavor of the cheese.  I would recommend this dog to anyone!

When you go, look for the special of the week.  I think upon my next visits, I will always have the special of the week OR I will try my own hand at creating my own dog.  Be sure to try the very delicious fried pickles.  

To boot, the folks working in this food truck are top-notch folks.  I find that most if not all food truck owners/employees are extremely pleasant.

Wag your tail on over to their website and check out the calendar and see where you can find their trailor.  I just heard that they have a new true bonafide truck.  Don't you want to break it in?
Went to a Sit Stay UYE Friday night with my daughter & a friend, I had been wanting to try Short Leash Dogs for awhile now, so this opportunity sounded like the perfect time for that!

I found them in an alley way off Central & Camelback, and when I walked up it had a nice cozy feeling, couple of wooden tables, a fire pit and plenty of cool people.

I knew that this would a hot dog eating experience that I haven't had before; I ordered the Pippin Style Brat, came with grilled pears, prosciutto, watercress, goat cheese & topped with some honey & pepper severed on naan bread.  
Ok sounds interesting right? Let me tell you, it was amazing, who would have thought, everything blended so well together, what a great treat!

My friend and I had been lil standoffish about the Bear; I just couldn't get my head wrapped around it. Friend asked if I would be up to splitting one, that we came this far and to not try it would just be an epic failure on our behalf, so I said yes!

The Bear, it's interesting, has peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked gouda, bacon & bbq sauce on a brat wrapped in naan bread. The peanut butter sort of melts and mixes with the bbq sauce and it kind of reminded me of Thai Peanut sauce, which I just love!   Over all the hot dog was good, just was unsure of what to make of the cracker jacks, would I order another one, Heck yea I would! 

Glad to have finally had the chance to try Short Leash, look forward to my next run in with them!
Yay! I'm a fan. I met up with some fellow Yelpers at the Sit, Stay on Friday and had a delicious meal. The feature of the night was The Pipin and it was fantastic. A variety of flavors perfectly balanced. I love prosciutto and goat cheese and with the sweetness from the pears and the honey it was perfect! I had it with a chicken dog and together with the fluffy naan bread bun it was a combination anyone would love. I also tried The Bear which sounded a little strange but after my first bite I was glad I had ordered it. Bacon, Gouda and BBQ sauce don't seem like they would go with peanut butter but when you got a bite that had all three in it they sort of mixed in your mouth to give a Thai peanut sauce type flavor that was delicious with the beef dog that I had picked. Another winner!

The hubby is not quite as adventurous as me but he skeptically ordered a bacon wrapped Bratwurst with German potato salad & red pepper gravy as well as a couple of kids dogs (with ketchup and mustard) as backup. Well, he must have liked it since I didn't even get one bite. He was worried that the potato salad or gravy would be too "weird" but in the end the only thing he had to complain about was that he would have preferred a regular hotdog bun instead of the "bread taco".
I had previously heard many good things about Short Leash Dogs from friends. My first time at Short Leash Dogs was at their recent sit and stay for a UYE. The food truck was nestled in a alley off Central and Camelback. Seating was outdoors with some wooden tables and a fire pit in the center, great for the s'more packs and the kids really love melting the marshmallows. 
Short Leash Dogs offer a new twist on the everyday hotdog. For the sit and stay they have a different menu.  I was there with a group of friends and although I really wanted to try the Bear I decided to try the bacon wrapped bockwurst. Lucky for me my friends tried both the bear and the pippin style dog.  We all shared so I got to try half the menu. 
The bockwurst was a very typical German style brat with German potato salad and gravy.  It wasn't very flavorful but it was delicious.  The pippin style dog was great and flavorful even without the naan. Adding some seratcho gave it a great kick that totally brought all the flavors together. The bear ended up being my favorite. It's unique blend of peanut butter, bacon, BBQ, cracker jacks and Gouda. This odd sounding combination when at first glance sound like it wouldn't work but the BBQ and peanut butter mesh together with a flavor explosion.  Most of the dogs can be made with a variety of hot dog choices like regular dog, beer dog, and more.  My first experience was awesome and I recommend trying one of the crazy sounding concoctions made at Short Leash Dogs.
Creativity in your mouth!
When you think of hot dogs, they can be pretty boring. I almost never order them when I'm out, because I could easily just make one at home or there's usually more interesting options. This is not the case with Short Leash. Who would've thought that peanut butter, bacon, Gorgonzola, and Kracker Jax would go well on a hot dog?? Well it does, and it's awesome! Everything else I've tried is awesome too, including their fried pickles. I love these people!
After reading all the reviews I decided to hunt this food truck down and check it out for myself and I am so happy that I did. Not only is the food wonderful the service is great! The owners treat you like family. Definitely a must try if you haven't gone and if you have you already know its a must go to place when you want some yummy food!
Great hot dogs. Lots of interesting choices. I haven't been disappointed yet.
Back again we go (okay, so this wasn't the C-Clan's first time back...Ive stopped counting how many times we've had SLD..lol) for some tasty dogs on Wednesday night at the PPM! I mention that I wanted to try something different than my jalapeno corn dog.  J about fell on the floor when I mentioned trying something new and building it from the toppings on the menu. 

I shall name my dog creation - Tatonka aka Buffalo Dog.  
Or maybe "The Leroy" after my mom's dachshund.  :)

Chicken dog, blue cheese, tomato, and the faux buffalo sauce concoction that Kat, Brad, and I conjured up!  AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!  I think next time I shall try adding cole slaw at Kat's suggestion.  And maybe some onion.   

And congrats to the Short Leash Family on the brick and mortar venture!!  
The C-Clan is looking forward to the grand opening!
My friend brought in Short Leash to cater her wedding reception and it was a great time!  They were friendly and fast.  I had heard about the infamous Bear Dog, which has BBQ sauce, smoked gouda, peanut butter and Cracker Jax so I had to get it.  It was surprisingly delicious.  I'm not sure the amount of drugs or alcohol that had to be consumed to come up with this concoction but I'm glad they did.  

A must-try for any self respecting foodie!
I love hot dogs but rarely have them with anything but a squirt of mustard. That was until I tried the Igby; Coleslaw and crumbled Bleu Cheese drizzled with tangy BBQ sauce. Just so incredibly tasty, words do not do it justice, just go out and try it, fall in love and dream about it!
I always get naked veggie dogs with lots of saurkraut, gouda, banana peppers, tomatoes and mustard! It's amazing. 

If you haven't had their fried pickels, it's a MUST!


I work in North Scottsdale so I get very excited when they will be in the Whole Foods parking lot, however I only made the mistake of going at noon once. I spent almost an hour in line, but it was sooo worth it.
Delicious food cart.    The spicy beer hot dog is the best.    They messed up my order and gave me the wrong version of the right dog and it was delicious.  I wanted  Aiko (mango chutney) but I got the Oliver.  

I did not give it five stars because its more expensive than it should be.  However, the people keep lining up.
Oh, it's so easy to love Short Leash. The staff are super friendly and nice and the dogs are just fantastic. This food truck (and soon to be walk-in restaurant!) serves hot dogs, sausages and brats from Schreiner's, a local place, and they are always delicious. Each unique hot dog I've tried so far - the Oliver and the Aiko - are yummy and fresh. The super soft naan "bun" is great compliment to the dogs. Definitely worth a visit!
I had some budget to spend for my office so I arranged to have Short Leash come out to cater lunch today. I contacted Kat and Brad about three weeks ago and they were super nice, very easy to work with. They gave me a date that worked so we booked it. They came by today about half an hour before the scheduled event, got situated, and were on their way. Everyone in the office was raving about the food. I took a culinary risk and had the Bear. Don't be fooled by what you may read, it's a wonderful combination of flavors that went really well with the spicy dog. They were a pleasure to work with and I hope to do something again with them in the future!
My experience was fantastic! We went to the truck at four peaks brewery...what a great idea! I tried 3 different hot dogs and all were amazing...my favorite being the bear....that peanut butter and Gouda are to die for! Everyone was so friendly and added to the experience. I wish I lived in Phoenix because "Short peaks" is definitely a place I would go on the reg.
Their truck was mentioned on YELP talk by Anthony and lo and behold they were in the parking lot of the Four Peaks Tasting room last night.  First off I will note I am vegetarian so I am only reviewing the veggie dogs but they were spectacular.  I had the Aiko ( Mango Chutney, diced Jalapenos, Red Onions, fresh Cilantro and Mayo + added sirracha), Igby  (Coleslaw and crumbled Bleu Cheese drizzled with tangy BBQ sauce) and we shared a side of fried pickles.  By far my favorite is the Igby and I wasn't that big of a fan of coleslaw before I had it even.  It's a perfect blend of crunchy, tangy, and sweet. The staff running the truck are extremely nice, friendly and very fun to chat with while I waited for the food. They made excellent suggestions so ask them what they think if you can't decide.  You are doing yourself a disservice by not tracking them down ASAP.

TRY:
- Igby
- Aiko
Bratwurst with Mango Chutney, Cilantro & Sriacha and a side a fried pickles... heaven.
These are the best dogs I've ever had, no contest. This place is worth going out-of-your-way for. My favorites are The Lady and The Bear. I recommend getting The Bear with the spicy hot dog, you likely won't find anything so addicting!
This food truck is DELICIOUS!  Everything is made with high quality ingredients, and I have yet to try something that I didn't love!  This place is not your normal take on the hot dog.  Though, if that's your fancy then you can still get it :)

I can't wait for the restaurant to open up on Roosevelt!
Hands down the most interesting hot dog I have ever eaten. Vegetarian dog with some kind of mango? SO GOOD! I wish I could follow them around and always have that kind of tasty option. Little pricey at $7 but not bad. Worth it, for sure.
Love their dogs! Very interesting combination. A coworker took me there on a Friday while attending a convection. Soooo good.
Everything in this truck is amazing, but I tip my hat to the Bear Dog. Peanut butter, cracker jacks, bacon, cheese, and bbq sauce on a hot dog somehow works fabulously. 

Each hotdog is named after a customer's dog and every week they feature a new dog of the week. Someday I'll submit one named for my dog too.  

Side note, the fried pickles are pretty amazing too.
Just saw Short Leash Dogs on Eat St. (Cooking channel) and had to try it for myself.  I had the Oliver with a beef hotdog and my husband had the Aiko with the spicy beer hotdog.  I wish I had taken a picture but they were so damn good they were gone in less than 5 min (don't judge).  Who needs a stupid hot dog bun when you can have your dog wrapped in naan?! Pure genius.  We also couldn't resist the fried pickles--my pregnant lady dream come true :). Can't wait to stop by their new restaurant once its open!
Had my first Short Leash Dog at the food Truck Friday a few weeks ago and I'm hooked. I had the special, the Mac Daddy- hot dog (I chose the spicy dog) with chili, and MAC AND CHEESE on warm nan bread. DAMN!  I will be frequently their brink and mortar store as soon as they open. So many wieners so little time....  there's a t-shirt in there somewhere :)
Absolutely amazing! Brings a whole new dimension to hot dogs. Only the best ingredients and cooked to perfection. I had no idea that a dog this different could be so wonderful - Simply Outstanding
ARE YOU KIDDING ME WITH THIS FREAKIN' TRUCK?

I am already being seduced by the sweet glamor food @ Urban Cookies.  On a regular, ordinary Tuesday afternoon I stumble upon a truck. "What is this?" my curiosity begs. Answer: THE FINEST HOT DOGS IN ALL OF PHOENIX.

Now I know what you're thinking. "Anna, what about Ted's?" Well, what about it? it's a classic joint that has been keeping Valley residents hot dog happy for three decades. I love Ted's and I always will. However, what Short Leash is doing is groundbreaking hot dog architecture (Short Leash, Inc. may use that quote ---- but I want free hot dogs). Tasty, tastier, tastiest. SHORT LEASH, you've got me on your leash for all time.
Step out of your box and give something new a try, Short Leash is your opportunity to give a hot dog a chance. I experienced the Bear my first time at the truck, now I'm on a mission to try them all.  Fun, friendly service. Small, but fun atmosphere.
One of my absolute favorite food trucks. I adore Short Leash! From the fluffy naan to the high quality dogs and the killer service, this place rocks. I have to admit I overlooked it many a time at Food Truck Fridays, having a hard time imagining paying $6 for a hotdog. But the people kept lining up, and I started seeing these glorious creations and figured I'd take the plunge. The Igby is my absolute favorite. I always get it with the spicy beer wiener, and it includes coleslaw, blue cheese, and bbq sauce! YUM! It never gets old! I keep telling myself I'm going to get something else, but I'm hooked! I am so excited to get down and try their brick and mortar place! Short Leash Dogs are worth every penny!
When you want the best food on earth & awesome ambience mixed with excellent customer service. Short Leash sets the standard!
The new restaurant in downtown phoenix is fantastic.  The only drawback is the wait time because my last visit included a forty minute wait.   If you cannot decide which dog to pick try the one with the peanut butter and popcorn.
This place has the most creative hot dog combos I've ever seen. Kinda disappointed in myself though. First time here and I went with the weekly special which was pretty much a chili dog. I asked for jalapeños on the side but the were all chopped up inside the chili so it was a little too hot for my mom's taste who was splitting it with me. I know I'll be back for another round & think I'll get adventurous & try the lady dog. Oh and in the way to the bathroom te have the cutest wall filled with photos of customers dogs & names of the people who love them, too cute!
Corn dog bites, best ever!
One of the best food truck places you will find. Been getting crazy dog for about years and will never go any where else.
After much anticipated waiting, my friend and I got to finally try this place. Unfortunately after all the hype my expectations were high but overall I still think it was pretty good. Interesting flavor combos. Got the Lady with the brat- chipotle cream cheese, fried pickles, and onions on flatbread. Liked that they used the flatbread better than regular buns. Would be back to try other combo flavors.
This did not taste anything like CA hotdogs, but the taste was great. The service was really good and the restaurant was really clean. I will really want to out the truck service. Gave it four stars because I was expecting it the food to be better.
Having spent the last 10 days in Portland, we came back to Phoenix lamenting about the creative food scene here - why can't Phoenix have more of 'that'! Well here you go - Short Leash Sit...Stay is what we're talking about. We had the corn dog bits appetizer with spicy mustard and a Devil Dog - with spicy beer hot dog. The food pops! Wonderful! The corn dog bits were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of batter, and the hot dog wrapped in flat bread was an amazing mix of spicy flavors. All the hot dogs on the menu sounded delicious. We will be back. Love the owners mission: "eating well and surrounding yourself with people who make you happy" - mission accomplished. Highly recommended.
Short Leash catered our family birthday event. Wow - Fantastic food and fantastic  people! They are professional and very personable! We highly recommend Short Leash for all special events!
. The best part is they have vegan options with great toppings to choose from.. Definitely the best food truck I've tried so far.
A friend once told my husband and I that Short Leash has the best for dogs in Phoenix, but the line was crazy long when we saw the truck at the Phoenix local fest, so we passed.

No line at 10am at the Gilbert Farmer's Market...yes please!!

I ordered the Lady. My husband ordered the Aiko. We both got the all beef dog. Freaking AMAZING!!!! The only complaint is that my husband expected more toppings (cilantro, red onion), but instead thought the little bit there was had been mixed in to the mango chutney. We also ordered two kids corndogs. At $3 each they were a little pricey. The kids liked them but picked the batter off.

I still give them five stars. Can't wait to catch them around town again.
I thought the hot dog was good, but not $6 good. It would have been nice to have had a choice of a regular bun instead of the flat bread. 

I am not sure why everyone is raving over this food truck. There are better alternatives for hot dogs in this city, especially if you are downtown.
Two words people: FRIED PICKLES.. 

The fried pickles are literally what sent me over the moon.. they were nicely battered, fried to a perfect crisp.. and were juicy, spicy, sweet, and super addicting.. 
They were my favorite thing about Short Leash... 

Now onto their amazing dogs... I ended up getting the March Special, it had cajun potato salad, bacon, and a spicy bratwurst.. soo delicious but definitely not healthy (if that it all even matters!). I honestly cannot remember what other things were in it.. but if you are in line right now trying to decide what to get.. like I was, please go with the fried pickles for $3.00, and try the March Special.. theres a picture of a cute white bichon frise on the food truck window that explains what the March special is, if that helps you out!
I pretty much love this place. The hot dogs are great and the options for toppings are unending. It is a little pricey for a hot dog but still worth a stop in. FYI The location at the Biltmore does not have fried pickles (which are amazing) so go to the original location for full options.
Was driving down the street today and looked to my right and was like....OMG SHORT LEASH DOGS!!!! I had been wanting to try this place since forever. 

IT DID NOT LET DOWN 

I created my own, and I wanted to try everything! The staff was super friendly and they served it up quickly with a long line behind me. I can not wait to find them again.
Hate to call it a food truck because it felt like so much more. I think they are definitely more gourmet than the image that is conjured up when the the words hot dog or food truck are put together in a sentence. I had just a basic dog in a pita and it was delicious. Service was friendly and fast! More than just a hot dog!
A few weeks ago these folks started teaming up with Shine Coffee near my office in mid-town Phoenix every Wednesday for what they call Shine & Dine.

I'm hooked.

The combos look very interesting, but I choose to build my own dogs and brats. I haven't been too adventurous with my choices yet, but there are so many toppings and combinations to explore, so...

I can attest to the tastiness of the beef dogs and bratwurst and their toppings are top notch so far. The naan bread the dogs are on is a nice change from conventional hot dog buns and really helps to make the experience worthwhile.

For anyone carping about $6 for a high quality hot dog or sausage on naan bread being served up to order with great toppings -- honestly, the whole world isn't Oscar Mayer or Hillshire Farms. This is really good stuff and in this case you get what you pay for. Shell out the bucks, kids. It's worth it.

Oh, they also have veggie dogs, regular ol' weiners, chicken, and corn dogs. I haven't tried any of them. Or the fried pickles. There's also a small menu just for the kids.

Very happy today to have to wait to place my order (food is cooked fresh, by the way). Glad they're getting more and more customers. They've earned it!
ooooh, sweet baby, come to momma! the first dog i tried at Short Leash was the Lady: Chipotle Cream Cheese, sauteed onions, and fried pickles. at first bite, the song resounded in my mind: "Lady, when you're with me I'm smiling. Give me all your love. Your hands build me up when I'm sinking. Touch me and my troubles all fade," and i'm not even a Styx fan (sorry, not sorry). it's just *that* good. 

but wait! listen, linda, lookit honey honey. you MUST try the Bear. with Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, Smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce, how can you go wrong?! you can't! just do it! i did it, and i'll do it again.
I saw the Yelp top 100 review and I quickly scanned the list to see if my city placed. Short Leash was number 81 in the country! I logged it in the back of my mind until today. My coworkers took me to a Food Truck Gathering, The smallest truck had the longest line. It was the fabled short leash. I took some suggestions in the line and I got a Spicy Beer Dog on the "Lady" set up. I also splurged on the fried pickles and a bottled water. 10 dollars even steven. For a 10 dollar bill that lunch was a SOLID home run. In the 10 buck range I can't picture you doing much better for flavor AND satisfaction. 

Looking forward to the next time I stumble across this lovely truck.
On a nice spring morning I took a trip to the downtown farmers market where I first saw short leash dogs and had my taste buds knocked upside down, now at first I was reluctant as looking at menu with the weird combos and even weirder names I decided to take a chance and will forever be thankful for that decision. The Igby my friends should have a street named after it I would kiss that dog if I met him they start with a delicious flat bread (pita-ish) with your choice of hot dog (spicy, regular or bratwurst) I go with brat they then layer with a fresh coleslaw they add BBQ sauce to it and then layer it with blue cheese I know what ur thinking but trust me it works. I also love the fact that they put a slice of a hot pickle on the top. And the dum dum for dessert is classic.
My favorite place to grab a hotdog! Love the lavash bread and every topping you can imagine! I went a little crazy with the sriracha last time, though :)
I'd like to preface this by saying I'm not a fan of any sort of "food truck" food. Bad experiences with Mexican food trucks in the past have left me jaded.

That being said, upon seeing the well-taken-care-of truck & a delicious sounding menu, I decided to indulge. This was one of the best choices I've made in my entire life (I've been married, graduated college, bought a home etc) and this ranks right up there. I plan on following these fantastic people to wherever they drive their truck at least once a week.
I finally got to try the fabled Short Leash hot dog last week when they were parked outside the Convention Center during Comicon. For those that are hot dog traditionalists, this might not be a good hot dog for you, since they wrap the hot dog in a naan-like flatbread, and the selection of condiments for your hot dogs is more unique. 

I tried the Aiko, a hot dog with some sweet and spicy flavors. You have your choice of different meats for your hot dog, and I chose the spicy hot. Overall, each component in the meal was good, but it was generally just a little too sweet for my tastes. 

Service was fast and friendly.

Oh and they offer veggie dogs too for those that are vegetarians. Very nice!
Love this place, love the staff, love love the food! My favorite is the Igby.
Love this place! They offer a great twist on good local made hot dogs. Who needs a bun anyways? Try the the Igby, you can't go wrong.
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and am so happy I finally did!! The BEST hotdogs downtown and I love the idea of using pita instead of a bun.  Really cute ambiance with a vintage feel and they even sell Mexican Coke and Big Red out of the bottles.  My friend had the Bloody Mary and said it was the BEST he's had in a long time.
Best hot dogs I have had thus far and had them twice. Once at the Scottsdale Art festival and they've catered at my job. I've ordered the Aiko - mango chutney, cilantro, jalapeños, red onions, beef hit dog wrapped in a flat bread: Oh so delish! That mango chutney is amazing.
I love this place.  My wife got the Mac Daddy, daughter got the Bear, and I got the bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel.  Crazy cool flavor combinations and a foodies dream.  Bring your hipster friends too.  They'll dig the atmosphere.
Holy cow this was good. I'm not a hot dog person but they have chicken sausage and bratwurst options. I got the chicken Moki style, OMG it was incredible!! Pinto beans, shredded cheese, tomato and chiles on a lavosh / flatbread. It is amazing. I may have to hit them up tomorrow and get another one. They have a brick and mortar store in addition to the mobile option.
Ahhh, Roach Coach - how far we've come!
These days, Phoenix is finally starting to get the hint that GOOD food on mobile trucks can work - and work well!

My first introduction to Jamburritos was at the Great Cajun Cookoff and Food Fest.  I would have written about the gumbo - but as I was on the planning committee for the event, thought it would be a conflict of interest.  And, by the time things slowed down enough for me to actually eat that day, only a handful of the restaurants still had food.  I didn't want to skip kudos to a great place just becuase I was too slow in getting there.  That said...the experience I had that day was certainly good enough to get my attention.  I "liked" them on Facebook and have had a great lunch with them that past 2 days.

I saw the Facebook update that the truck would be at the Ford dealership on Camelback  yesterday and today.  I made plans with Kim T to meet for lunch today...but I couldn't wait!

Yesterday I tried the special - 2 catfish po boy sliders.  Nice fresh rolls, perfect remoulade, shredded lettuce, 2 good sized cornmeal breaded catfish filets fried to perfection and a dollop of black bean salsa.  YUM!  Adding hot sauce made it perfect.  The only problem (which I was sure to share with them today), I took the platter home, left it on the table for just a minute to get a drink...and my dog Layla stole one of the catfish filets!  So - not Jamburritos fault at all, but I was left a bit hungry.

Today I met Kim T.  She had the K-sadilla with fried eggplant, I had the steak jamburrito.  We were both happy campers!  Her K-sadilla was enormous, and had to be eaten with a fork.  There was just so much good stuff in there, the tortilla never could have held up!  The steak jamburrito was HUGE, and filled with chopped steak, slices of andouille sausage, rice, beans, cabbage and cheese.  Every bite was amazing...but did I mention it was HUGE?  It's seven hours later, and I am not even interested in dinner.

Prices are VERY low for the quality and quantity of food received.  Yesterday's special was $3.99, the highest on the menu, I believe, is $6.99.  I could be wrong about that...it may be the $5.99, which was the price of my burrito.  

Fresh, hot, delicious food and WONDERFUL people in the truck!
Mark Brown, the owner, came out to chat with us - before we even got our food, we were made to feel like family.  (Meant in the good way!)

Definitely worth finding on Facebook or following on Twitter to see where they'll be serving up next!
My endless quest for righteous food truck grubble has collided headfirst with my search for great Cajun food! I first sampled some of Jamburritos offerings at the 2010 Great Cajun Cook-Off and Food Fest and was thrilled to find out that they would soon launch their food truck in the Phoenix Metro Area.

A mission was hatched to track down this mysterious Mexican-Cajun fusion food truck for a Friday lunch treat. I tried to plan ahead and noted their posted location on their website as a Ford dealership on Camelback. I talked this outing up quite a bit amongst my co-workers to prepare them for our Friday lunch field trip. However, when I checked their website on the day of our food truck picnic, they had changed locations to the Phoenix Public Market food court (on Central Ave & Pierce St). This was actually great news... since it was within walking distance from work!

I ordered the signature Jamburrito (jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla, burrito-style), but with Cajun-spiced beefsteak instead of chicken (which is traditionally included in jambalaya). The portions were fairly enormous and filling. I found my jamburrito to be a bit oily and salty, but it was still damn good! They offered a selection of Louisiana hot sauces to zip up your dish... but it is plenty spicy without it. I am a bit of a hot sauce freak, so I borrowed one of their condiment bottles for our table and added it dropwise to nearly every bite.

My co-workers were pleased with my lunchtime suggestion. We topped off this indulgence with another... a Crème Brûlée from the Torched Goodness truck--but that is for another review. I'm looking forward to more Food Truck Fridays at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market, and I hope that Jamburritos continues to be part of this exciting new Phoenix food trend!
After having read Chris B's review and then seeing them later the next day at the Wednesday evening Phoenix Market I decided to give them a try.  
Initially looking and the Cajun Steak Jamburrito, after talking to the chef I decided to just go with the Cajun Steak Jambalaya bowl ($5.99). While waiting I was given a hush puppy to sample...light and crispy just like I like 'em.  Contemplating getting an order I figured it would be too much food. 
 I received my bowl of savory rice mixed with some veggies like peas, corn, carrot topped with a portion of spicy steak and some slices of sausage.  It was very much comfort food.  I did have to put a generous sprinkle of hot sauce to add a touch more heat and flavor but it was a very welcome addition.  
While it didn't knock my socks or wow me, it reminded me of a few things I whip up at home now and again. I left content, full and happy I tried a new food truck.
If I wasn't married I might ask the chef to marry me! This is the first time that I've had a simple salad and liked so much I actually ate the whole thing.  I don't usually eat salad when out as I tend to splurge but I really needed something fresh that day. So while my husband ordered the steak burrito I got the cajun steak salad. It was a very simple salad, romaine, cheese, steak, tomatoes.  But this was exactly why this was so good the chef used  simple fresh ingredients, nothing overly complicated here except for the perfectly spiced steak which is what took this salad to a five star review. WOW amazing flavor.  My husband loved his steak jamburrito and couldn't control letting everyone know about it.  We went back a week later and were so impressed we are now contemplating becoming Jamburrito stalkers! We will definitely be back!  Thanks Chef Great fusion cooking. -
The fried catfish is to DIE FOR!  Simple but delicious...i go back specifically for that and the hush puppies.  It's a good portion for the right price.
I've been checking out the different food trucks at Phoenix Public Market's Food Truck Fridays. 

Note: Be ready for a wait at all of the trucks. But on a beautiful spring afternoon, it's not a bad thing. 

Today I tried Jamburritos for the first time. They had an interesting and wide selection of items, from fried catfish to creole chicken quesadillas. I chose the chicken K-Tacos. Three spicy chicken street tacos with cabbage and black bean salsa. Wow. Great flavor. Enough spice to clean out my sinuses without fear of burning my taste buds. 

The guy taking orders was cheerful and pleasant. I also enjoyed the variety of beverages available. I chose a Tamarind soda. Yum. I'm looking forward to trying more items on the menu before Food Truck Friday ends when the heat rises.
My sister lives in Austin where food trucks are on almost every corner, so when I heard the trucks were coming to Phoenix, I was super psyched!! My co workers and I headed down on Friday around 1pm. The trucks are parked close to my school, so we got there quickly, and there was tons of parking, and no lines to wait in. When we arrived, there was such a variety, I wasn't sure what to pick. We tried to find a money machine, but realized, to our delight, most of the truck accept credit. I chose to go to Jamburritos and did not regret my choice. I order the jambalaya and it was awesome! The dish was spicy and delicious! I will return and this time, my choice will not be difficult; I will go to Jamburritos!
Mike,

Awesome concept, excellent food I would stop and give it a try especially if your tired of your everyday burrito roach coach. It beats what any other coach has to offer. The Burrito is awesome, but the quesadilla is the best
Because I always have to copy off of my sister AB, I should toss up a review of Jamburritos as well (especially since I was the one who told her about the food trucks!). 

The addition of the food trucks to Downtown has been fantastic. There are some solid spots near the ASU campus, but adding 4-6 trucks every Friday really livens up the options. However, I have been pretty boring, because 4 out of 5 times I have went there, Jamburritos and the chicken jamburrito has been my choice. I can explain though; it's freaking awesome.

First off, the service with Jamburritos is quick and very friendly. I always walk my food back to the office (I'm SO dedicated to my job), and the truck wraps up my deliciousness. More importantly, the chicken jamburrito is basically amazing. I am always a fan of non-Mexican food in burritos (the blackened chicken burrito from California Tortilla is one of the best I have ever had), so a jambalaya burrito was a perfect idea. The chicken and sausage are always perfectly cooked and extremely succulent, and the dirty rice really adds some flavor to the meal. For $6, it is hard to beat Jamburritos, so try 'em out!
Terrific, authentically prepared Cajun food.

We stopped by the Phoenix Public Market yesterday to check out Food Truck Fridays.  It was almost 2 p.m. and they were getting ready to close so after quickly surveying the six trucks, we decided on Jamburritos.

We ordered the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish special.  Both were awesome.  The gumbo was a fairly large portion that was rich, flavorful and chock full of sausage, chicken and okra.  Absolutely delicious and a steal at five bucks.  The catfish was completely non-greasy and cooked perfectly, served with rice and greens.

Highly recommended.
Solid 4.5 stars.  

I, like the review by Jeff F., stopped in for Food Truck Friday on 4-22-2011 and had almost the same thing he had:   the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish SANDWICH special.  

Both were definitely super-tasty.  

The gumbo was a $5, decently large portion that was yummy, not overly salty, and full of large chunks of chicken and okra and sausage with a saucy white rice base.  I was amazed at the sheer number of chunks of meat or okra - it never ended, all the way to the last scrape of the paper-lined cardboard bowl.

The catfish in the sandwich was coated with your basic cornmeal batter, served on buttered Texas toast, with some kind of mayo sauce and lettuce and tomatoes.  It was large enough that I saved half of it for part of  my breakfast on Saturday.  I'd like to add that the catfish fillet was VERY THICK.  One of the thickest catfish cuts I have seen in this town.

One of the best uses of $10 I have seen in a while.  Worth the money, tasty as all get-out, and a signal that eating again off this truck is in my future.
"Wow, this is better than Chipotle!" my friend said, before I had the urge to deliver a swift kick to her face.

"That's not saying much at all!" I replied in disgust. There is NOTHING I can compare this to. Basically, it's 'Creole' food wrapped in a tortilla, or made in a quesadilla, or in a bowl by itself. I thought the idea of chicken + andouille sausage in a wrap wouldn't work, but I was proven wrong bite after bite. I haven't bought from a food truck in years, and I think I'm gonna follow this one around for a while. 

5 stars because it's better than I expected, and there's nothing I would change. Delicious!
Maybe it was an off day, but I thought the food today was not very good at all. The BF and I each got a 'k sadilla,' I got the steak and he got the chicken. Maybe this item isn't the best thing to get here... I don't know. It was soggy and had waaaay too much cheese. The steak was chewy and flavorless despite being labelled as 'cajun.' The k sadilla had cabbage in it.... but the cabbage wasn't cut at all... there were huge pieces of it in this thing. Overall, the flavor was off putting (and I like Cajun food), it was greasy, and the whole thing fell apart while trying to eat it. I would not get this again, not when there are 3 other very good choices in the same parking lot (the bbq, the hot dogs, and the grilled cheese).
Coming from Portland just a few weeks ago, it was a surprise to hear of Phoenix's entry into the Food Cart/Truck arena. We received an email telling us of a close location (Whole Foods, Scottsdale) that we could experience the things we have come to enjoy and love. Quick, gourmet plates of saucy goodness with just the right amount of spice and flavor that would make us talk about the trucks for weeks, counting the days until they rolled onto that welcoming asphalt off Raintree Drive again. Being a lover of the tastes and smells of New Orleans, I opted to try Jamburritos Cajun Grille Express. Note now that the temperature was 106, high noon, standing on black asphalt. 

I ordered the hush puppies and a Chicken Jamburrito. Wash it down with a tasty beverage and I would have been set. The "Express" part of the name in my opinion should be dropped. Many of us waited over 30 minutes to get our food, some people just getting a simple Chicken K-Taco plate. As I waited, to my horror, I saw a prepackaged frozen bag of hush puppies heading to some vat. Maybe they have a hush-puppy machine at home? I was expecting hand rolled pup's like mom used to make. Instead, over fried golf balls. By the time I got my The Jambirrito, it was soft, oozy and a little cold. The flavors that I expected to explode my senses tasted like they took a little McCormick Cajun Seasoning and kicked it up a bit with some cayenne pepper. I really wasn't tasting anything that I would associate with jambalaya, and thought the chicken may have been a little undercooked. The cheese was simple melted pepper jack, and the lettuce wilted. Waiting in the hot Arizona sun for 30 minutes only added to the disaster we called lunch. Had it been the best damn meal I had all week, I would have instantly forgotten the wait.  I give Jamburrito's 3 stars for trying something new and being on the forefront of the Phoenix Food Truck scene, but am giving them a single star for efficiency and taste.
I may be a midwest-raised boy (Indiana), but I LOVE cajun/spicy food; the hotter the better. This place (truck) manages to help me get my heat fix and still have a TON of flavor. 

Came across Jamburritos at the Phoenix Public Farmers' Market on a Saturday morning. Now with all those food options around (Hey Joe, Short Leash, etc.) you may ask what made me pick this one (besides the heat); Catfish! I hadn't had catfish (scratch that, good catfish) in quite sometime. 

I had a couple options for the catfish; grilled or fried/sandwich or bowl. Over a couple of visits, I have all the combinations. There is no wrong way to have Chef Michael Brown's catfish. 

The catfish was perfect, and what I mean by that is: 
- Perfectly cooked, tender and flaky 
- spiced perfectly (wife finds it a little hot for her, but still tastes so good she is willing to endure) :) 

If they don't have the catfish, I usually go for a chicken jamburrito with rice, andouille sausage, pepper jack cheese, and lettuce. The make a great red/hot sauce you can put on any of the menu and kick the heat up a notch. 

Lastly, can't forget to mention the hushpuppies. I consider myself a foodie, but I eat these little deep-fried puffs so fast that I don't take anytime to figure out what is in them. I know for sure though, they are NOT like any hushpuppies you have had before (oh so good). 

Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings or 
Phoenix Public Market for Mobile food court on Wednesday 4-8pm. 

check them out!!
Really good fried catfish!  I was not really fond of catfish until I tried Jamburrito's way of serving it. The jambalaya rice makes the perfect accompaniment for the crunchy delight. The people serving the food are very friendly and the total experience definitely makes Food Truck Fridays a weekly event to look forward to.
Let's just say, if Jamburritos had a creepy song that played loudly from their truck and cruised around residential areas on the regular, I'd be running barefoot down the street with my mom's change purse in hand. 

Honestly, who would even mourn the demise of the ice cream truck with the evolution of the Creolexican truck? 

P.S. If you had the nerve to say, "me"... Well, I couldn't even hear you over the pleasant crunching of my Jamburritos hushpuppies anyway.
I was lucky enough to score a big plate of jambalaya from the Sun City Festival event on Saturday, Nov 12.  The flavors were fabulous and it had just to right amount of kick!  Can't say how delightfully surprising it was to find all the sausage and big hunks of chicken... Quality + quantity= AWESOME!!!!  Run now and find that elusive Jamburrito truck!!!
Went to Food Truck Friday for the first time and after 10 min of reading every food truck menu, I decided on Jamburritos mainly because I was in the mood for some hushpuppies. I was eyeing the chicken jambalaya in a bowl, but then I saw a grilled catfish sandwich go by and changed my mind instantly. I was so happy with my dish. The fish was flaky and full of spices. The hushpuppies were to die for! And even the Fanta was a nice add to the greasy, yet yummy dish that I had. I love this food truck craze and I hope it sticks around. I still need to try Hey Joe Filipino and the Torch food place.
1st time experience ... very positive. Great atmosphere, high energy, a little bit of a wait but that was expected. Seafood Gumbo was very good only surprise was the use of Fried Catfish bits (vs shrimp or scallop) but it fits with the rest of the menu offerings. Very tasty, use of Okra was great to see, just a bite of of spice for my taste, so I did add more from selection of Hot Sauces available. Pricing was reasonable for the portion. Service staff were friendly, fast and accurate. Overall ambiance at Public Market also good, clean with people coming around to help clear tables, area was packed so seating at a premium but everyone looked to be having a good time, very much like a street fair. Looking to go back soon
Jamburritos is like an ice cream truck for adults. I was fortunate enough to encounter my newest addiction at the Phoenix Food Truck Festival.

The Jambalaya burrito had the perfect blend of heat and spices. The catfish is expertly breaded and fried. The hushpuppies were delightfully fluffy, moist balls of crackalicious magic. I honestly had not considered the potential of Creolexian until now. I'm fairly convinced Jamburrito can do no wrong.

I wish these guys lived in my neighborhood so that I could conveniently drop by for dinner. Phoenix needs a fleet of these trucks so that I can happily grow fat.
It's pre Saint Patrick's day and everyone in the building is eating corned beef and cabbage. I think corned beef tastes like Alpo smells and cabbage gives me bubble guts so I opt out for Cajun.  I stroll up Central Avenue soft breeze in my face sun kissed all the way and I pass a couple friends returning from where I'm heading, Food Truck Friday, oh yeah!

The Jamburrito truck had the longest line of the fleet which only made my cravings for Cajun much-more stronger. I was torn between the chicken jambalaya bowl and the fried catfish jamburritto. The guy ahead of me in line was raving about the catfish and that was all the indirect intervention I needed to make my decision. The fried catfish jamburrito is a girthy handful and loaded with chunks of freshly fried catfish, jambalaya rice, Cajun tartar, black bean salsa, shredded jack cheese and shredded lettuce.  I call it Cajun Gold!  I added on an order of hushpuppies because I'm cool like that.
High B+ to the chef! My worst complaint is that the portions were so HUGE! The flavors were good and spice heat just about perfect. One member of our group complained about too much "Italian Seasoning" taste, but the rest of us yelled him down - can't please everyone. Should have tried these guys months ago!
The taste of Louisiana literally on the go!  Being only a little more than a year removed from a Mardi Gras trip to New Orleans, this truck brought back some fun memories I thought I had drunk away.  Jamburrito's is a regular staple at Food Truck Fridays at the Phoenix Public Market, and on my latest visit to the weekly roach coach festival (I say that lovingly) I decided it was finally time I give it a try.

I had to go with a catfish jamburrito.  In addition to the menu saying it was famous, the uniqueness warranted a try.  Catfish jambalaya wrapped up in a burrito, how do you go wrong with some cajun-mexican fusion?  The catfish is cooked well and the spices are hot!  The hot sauce served on the side only makes the dish better!  The lone issue I had with the catfish jamburrito was the cheese.  Every time I got a bite of cheese and fish together, it just didn't taste right.  Despite the culinary faux pas; For just $8, it comes in a very generous portion which will fill you up for the rest of the day.  I probably should have stopped after eating half, but I wanted to get my money's worth!

Another cool thing about Jamburrito's.  It's not a cash only truck.  They take credit card, and will text you a receipt if you desire.
Living in Louisiana, you always want to have something that reminds you of your childhood.  Well, Jamburritos also brought some innovation to the table too for the new age/ adult in me.  I went to the Great Cajun Cookoff and was amazed at what I tasted.  Red Beans and Rice and Jambalaya intertwined into burritos/tacos?  Also, the Catfish was cooked to perfection too.  I just wanted to tip my hat off to this express truck and excited to try something else on their menu!
Yum.
You should try this.
I split the steak Jamburitto with my husband ( and still had leftovers for lunch)  and the very friendly man taking our order urged us to get the hush puppies.  Glad we listened 'cause Yum.  Really liked the hush puppies.
Oh yes, you gotta go here on Food Truck Friday! The guys are so friendly and they play the best music too. Super blues-y, Creole, Old Louisana style. Had the longest line so you know it's worth it! Their glass coke bottles are the tall ones so you get your moneys worth too. I got the Chicken Jamburrito and couldn't finish the whole thing in one setting. This is a big deal because I'm a midwestern girl and you always finish your meal out there. 

Highly recommend anything with their creole sauce or cheese, just melts in with the rest of the ingredients!
If you see this truck in town you need to run it down and experience this wonderful cajun goodness that is run and owned by Chef Brown. If you have trouble finding this truck around town, you'll have no trouble finding it at Food Truck Fridays. (Additional Info. below).

Chef Brown's truck is infamous for its legendary Jamburrito. Legend has it that the Jamburrrito is  jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla. Intrigued by what I had heard about this Southwest Cajun Fusion, I had to experience it for myself, and I took my husband along for the ride. Just like Indiana Jones looking for the lost arch, we journeyed downtown to Food Truck Fridays on a quest for the Jamburrito.

We discovered the Jamburrito three Fridays ago, and have returned often.The truck serves up food that is fresh, addictive, top quality, reasonably priced, and packed with a lot of punch. You're left full and satisfied because of the cajun flavors and portions. I can see why this truck was given high marks in AZ, and was almost selected for the Great Food Truck Race on the Food Network!!

Recommendations: 

CHICKEN or GRILLED CATFISH JAMBURRITO
We usually order the chicken or grilled catfish jamburrito and some hushpuppies. Oh my gosh!! Heaven in our mouths. One of the things I am particular about are tortillas, and the tortillas Chef Brown uses are spot on. While eating the Jamburrito I felt like I had one foot in New Orleans, and the other in Texas. 

BELGIAN WAFFLES AND BUFFALO WINGS
This order includes one waffle, three buffalo wings, and some hushpuppies with dipping sauce. Best waffle and wings ever!!!! The waffle is crisp and is dusted with bacon and powdered sugar that can be dipped in syrup. Yummy!!!! The wings don't look like your typical wing. They look like mini lamb chops with a little bone sticking out. The wings are meaty, juicy, and have a crispy skin. The wings are placed in a rubb and sauce. Amazing!!! Oh my gosh!!!! My mouth is watering while I type this up.

Stop reading...go and visit..and tell him that Tenisha says hi!!!


Additional Info:
The truck is a part of a food truck coalition that can be found  in the Phoenix Public Market Parking Lot on Fridays from 11am-1:30pm and Saturdays from 8am-Noon. 

14 E. Pierce/721 N. Central
(NE corner of Central Avenue and Pierce Street)
Jambalya= Cajun stew, usually good but not very accessible or common (at least not in AZ)
Burrito= kinda good, some people love them, I think they're usually too big and unwieldy...just give me some tacos or an enchilda

Jamburrito=....Out.of.this.World! 

Tried it at Food Truck Fridays and man was it worth the wait and $. It was $9 for a chicken Jamburrito, hushpuppies and a soda. Not bad, and you get a lot of bang for your buck. I only finished half and am still full 3 hours later. At the same time, it wasn't as overwhelming to me as a Chipotle burrito. Maybe because they cut it in half so I can easily save the other half for later.

Anyway, this is one of those fusions that just works. It's a great tortilla and good jambalya, and together they combine for a really tasty and unique meal.
J and I decided to go to First Friday, just for the sake of trying out the food trucks!  We discovered the little gem, Jamburritos!!  

$6 Chicken Jamburrito = tasty and very filling!!  :) And more than enough food to feed both J and myself.  I will say though, that the burrito could have been rolled a little tighter. 
$2 hush puppies = Super tasty!!!

The jamburrito had a nice little kick of spice to it.  Very Tasty!!  J and I were stuffed after each of us having half of the burrito (along with sharing half a hamburger from Ralph's).  Well worth the $8.00 for the burrito and hush puppies.
So while my in-laws were in line to order plain hot dogs because they weren't willing to even try the combinations this particular food truck was offering, much less see which other trucks were at the festival, I wandered off and settled on Jamburritos.  

I returned to the band of boring and enjoyed my catfish plate.  My perfectly seasoned catfish was served with a spicy jambalaya rice and crispy hush puppies.  I ate every last bite far beyond the point of being full just so everyone could see what they missed.  "Is that catfish?"  "Yep (with full mouth)."  "Is it good?"  "(Swallow) Yes."  "Where did you get it?"  "(Takes another bite) At a truck that was not at the entrance so you didn't see it."

Thanks Jamburritos.
Friendly, fast and huge portions
2 catfish burritos (one grilled, one fried) and 1 basket of cajun popcorn (crayfish tails).

OMG!!! Awesome. 

The two catfish burritos are surprisingly different. With the fried fish you can really taste the deep, complex flavors of the rice and beans. With the grilled fish, the blackened catfish flavor really steps up to the front. Either way, this is the best cajun food I've had--I'm no expert though--my taste buds were in love.
"Jamburritos Cajun Grill" has a nice little place at Food Truck Friday event in PHX. This is the place to be! Get there early or you WILL have to wait in line!  It was my first time at the event and I did have to stand around a bit, but it was so worth it.  
The grilled Catfish Jamburrito was my order of choice and I found it to be quite a work of art! There was sooo much food neatly wrapped up in the oversize tortilla (burrito) that I couldn't wait to dig in. The succulent catfish and a spicy rice mixture (Jambalaya) was quite the thing I needed, as it put a little "pep in my step!" 
I ate the entire first half of burrito, but had to slow down and use a fork when it was time to devour the second half. The burrito and myself were bursting at the seams at that point. I eat a lot of food but this thing was gigantic! I washed it down with an ice cold Fanta soda and for dessert, the lemon lollipop was a surprise, but also refreshing. 
I was quite impressed with the way the cashier was handling the crowd. During my small wait time, I enjoyed watching her work! The Chef was quite gracious and when he handed me the large food tray. His nice comments, and his reminder to pickup my forgotten soda, put a smile on my face. So I decided to write this review. Yep, 5-stars! I'll be back!
The boyfriend & I decided to grab a bite here after checking out the local shops off of Roosevelt Row. We split a Jamburitto and I must say that it was *awesome*. The rice had great flavoring and the chicken was tender- but most of all the side of hot sauce was DAMN tasty, can't say I've had anything like it! 
And they sell xtra long neck (ie. mexican style) Coca Cola sodas :o 
Hellsyea I'm coming back!
Y'all don't know good eatin' 'til you stopped at Jamburritos!  My tastebuds died, went to heaven.  

I'm a southerner.  I DO NOT, I DO NOT, order fried catfish in restaurants outside of certain states in the south.  It just doesn't happen.  Something about folks in other states putting beer batter or breadcrumbs or  flour based breading on it that runs me outta the restaurant.  But I figured, this Mex-Cajun fusion way would  be something to try.  I ordered a fried catfish jamburrito... that's fried catfish, with jambalaya (2 staples in my kitchen) and all the other fixin's of a burrito.  I got the fire hot sauce on the side and I also ordered up the hush puppies.  They had Faygo pops (yep, I said "Pops", that's cause I'm from the South.  If you're from other southern regions, you might call it a "cold drink".) That took me back years to my childhood and I ordered up the orange Faygo.  Whoop Whoop!  

So, what does this southerner say?  They killed it.  The hush puppies were absolutely delicious.  A bit on the small side in comparison to what I'm accustomed to having back home.  But exactly the taste you want in a hush puppy!  WOW.  I'm bringing my mom to the truck, I bet she hasn't cooked hush puppies since I was a kid.  

The Jamburrito was something out of this world.  The taste of the jambalaya in every bite of the catfish was an amazing mixture of spiciness with the delicious cajun flavor of the rice.  And don't forget that there's also beans and all the fixins of a burrito.  The lettuce and fresh veggies help to cool the zing of the spice from the hot sauce.  if you don't like spicy, don't get the hot sauce on yours. 

Here's a pic of my plate: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jamburritos-cajun-grille-express-phoenix?select=xh1Ac9X35EPQywGj9QZbnA#7gSc9b6Jr19CHMRtb40tmA

What a creative fusion of the Mexican burrito and cajun food.  I was so satisfied and  thrilled with the tastes and flavors.  

I have to go back and try their friend crawfish and perhaps some other things that will take me down the Mississippi river of memories... Bravo Jamburritos!  Bravo.
Went to the Phoenix Public Market this Wednesday evening to see what it was all about.  I thought the event was a little weak overall but a "Chicken Jamburrito" from this place was killer diller!  It was BIG, & filled with Chicken Etouffee, Jamabala Rice, Smoked Andouille Sausage, Creole Sauce, Jack Cheese and lettuce, wrapped in a flour tortilla.

This tasty, unusual treat is a meal in itself & goes for $7.     :-)
Wow. This has got to be the best food truck experience I've had in Phoenix. As we walked through food truck Friday during First Fridays, we scoped out our options. We checked with Yelp and found this was highly rated. Best decision ever. Thank goodness Yelp warned us that each burrito was enormous because we almost each got our own. We decided to go with the fried catfish and jambalaya burrito and it was soooooo amazing. No lie, they were generous with the catfish and the jambalaya had some awesome sausage too. It came with a side of this amazing creole sauce and I needed more, it was so good. The staff was super friendly and asked for our feedback (which of course we told them it was delicious)!! I was definitely in pain due to fullness even though I shared it with Eric, but I just could not stop eating it! Can't wait to try other items on the menu but it'll be hard not getting the catfish burrito again!  The burrito was $8 but it was well worth it!
Oh yum. I was driving around with my little guy asleep in the car, new to Downtown Phoenix and hungry. The friendly food truck person waved with a sign as I passed and I quickly made a loop around to see what they had to eat. 
Purchased a catfish burrito and the only thing that bothered me about it was that I wish I had 3 other people to share it with because it was huge. I got through half of it and was beyond finished. 
Delicious stuff and friendly people. Good street marketing.
I get the fried oysters every Saturday morning when they are at the Farmer's Market in Downtown Phoenix. I'm addicted to them, they are big, juicy and to die for!
Jamburritos is by and far my favorite food truck. The chicken jamburrito is amazing, their hush puppies are perfectly spiced, and their homemade lemonade is tart and refreshing. The guys running the truck are unfailingly nice, which makes the experience even better. It's absolutely worth your time to visit them at the biweekly Phoenix Public Markets or wherever else they might be that day.
I went here a couple weeks back after heading over to the Food Truck Fridays, I had a catfish poboy sandwich and got a catfish plate for my coworker...it was great, crispy, fresh fish, excellent seasonings, just really hit the spot. Went over today after my coworker bugged me the entire week and simply got catfish filets for the both of us and a side of texas toast.

I don't know if it was bad fish, bad cooking or a combination of both but I ended up throwing my food away, the fish seemed undercooked, but greasy at the same time and the toast was extremely greasy. I even tried to eat it by dousing it in hot sauce and that couldn't save it either. I received 4 pieces of fish (instead of 2 filets as expected) and my coworker received 3 pieces instead of 4..all for the same price. My coworker even complained about her food, kind of turned off by this experience so I won't be back. There's another place over there with catfish I guess the next time I'm in the mood I'll give them a try.
Love this food truck.  Had some burritos the morning (well ok it was almost afternoon) after a long night out with friends and it totally hit the spot.  The service was great and I even got to sample a hush puppy.  The quality of food was not what was expected from a food truck it easily could have been served in a four star restaurant.  The Cajun sauce was amazing and really brought the whole burrito together with a flavor explosion.
The BEST Red Beans And Rice With Andouille Sausage I've ever had!  So delicious. .. check them out!
They were sitting front and center at the Street Eats festival in Scottsdale, so I decided to give them a try.  Well, if you want the mall food court equivalent of food truck food, this is the truck for you.  The tastes were decent and they had a good selection, but the preparations were not the freshest and the prices were steep.  The grilled catfish was falling apart from sitting around in juice too long, the fried catfish was dry from sitting in a warming pot and the hush puppies were like jawbreakers.  I'm guessing this one would be better to try outside of an event like this...if this truck pulled up in front of my office, I might give them another shot.
We visited the Scottsdale Food Truck Festival this weekend 4 days after arriving back from our "home" city of New Orleans. We saw, or better yet, smelled this truck right away making us miss the spices we love so much. Ran right over and ordered the Mardis Gras combo platter with chicken Jambalaya, red beans and rice, fried catfish and hush puppies. We had to wait a few minutes for a fresh batch of fish which resulted in us getting an amazingly tender and moist fillet that tasted as fresh as you can get in AZ. The spices in the Jambalaya were in point, variety of hot sauces readily available and the service was very friendly. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
Super authentic red beans and rice with andouille sausage. It made me feel like I was walking the streets of New Orleans. Super delicious, highly recommended.
Visited this place as part of the Food Truck Friday experience at the Phoenix market.

I got the house special: Fried Catfish PoBoy with the Creole Cabbage/Cole Slaw with hush puppies. It was fried goodness and definitely filling. I didn't eat all of the bread, but I ate all of the fish and pups. This plate is served with two sauces that really pulled everything together.

I wish I would have found this place sooner. So good. Just note be prepared to wait because they are making it to order so your food is fresh with you in mind.
I  went to food truck Friday and was faced with a number of options and ended up choosing Jumburrito based solely on their deep fried oyster poh boy.   The wait seemed to be on the long side so I asked how long and was told 7 to 11 minutes which proved to be about right.

For the price tag of 12 bucks I thought the serving size was small especially for the truck repping  Nola food.

The sandwich came on a grilled hot dog bun to give you all an idea of the size of the sandwich.

Grilled hot dog bun with plenty of butter, delicious fried oysters topped with cole slaw.

The sandwich was delicious and I was satisfied but would've liked to see the traditional toppings such add lettuce and tomatoes.  Other than the size and the price I enjoyed the sandwich.
Chef Michael and Gregg catered a delicious small menu of  food for a very special fundraising event on Apr 13, 2014 at the Stand-up Scottsdale Comedy Club. Feedback on the Chicken Etoufee and Hush Puppies was wonderful and everyone went home with full tummies. Food was delivered on time and the team came back to clean up just as promised. Will definitely recommend Jamburritos again! And I'm sure so will our other 100+ guests! Thanks, Chef Michael and Gregg.
Jamburritos was kind enough to come to our apartment complex and serve our residents. 
 As a vegetarian I was thrilled to try their veggie bowl and I was Not disappointed! I could smell the truck before I saw it- it was making my mouth water! 
The bowl was $8 and when I picked it up I thought it was a little small but when I started eating it I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of food. :)
 They even gave me a little spicy sauce on the side and I poured it all over my bowl. Perfectly spicy, but not too hot as to overpower the flavor of the cabbage, beans and rice. 
I am so glad I tried it! Wish id gotten the hush puppies for $2 more! Hopefully they come back and ill have a second chance! 
Yay!
5 stars for starting up a food truck and solid 3.5 for food. 

An exciting new addition to the Phoenix food truck scene. They made their Phoenix Public Market debut last night at the Wednesday evening market. 

They have a short but sweet menu that includes a Lumpia trio for $5, various combos of Grilled skewers of Pork, Chicken or combos that include skewers, lumpia and even chicken feet which range between $7-$10. 
All entrees are served with rice and pickled ginger "salad". They also offered chicken feet, chicken "ass", and a rare delicacy called balut (which if you finish you get free Lumpia on your next visit.) 

Deciding I wasn't feeling adventurous enough for the Balut I ordered the Lumpia trio. It was a rather popular selection that evening as others around me were ordering the same. They cook their Lumpia to order and after about a 5 min wait I received 3 HOT and crispy Lumpia. These were very good! and the dipping sauce made them better. 

Next time I hope to try the chicken "ass"...if this is anything like the Turkey tails you get at some Mexican Deli places I am down for trying these and I love the chicken feet at Chinese Dim Sum so I hope to try these next time.
Delicious food and super friendly owners.  Plus, what's not to love about more street food!
Sometimes you see stuff in Los Angeles and think it will never come to Phoenix and then it happens! At the Phoenix Farmer's market there is a whole gaggle of great food trucks and today I saw a new one, Hey Joe's Filipino food truck. I grew up in Hawaii and thus have eaten lots of great Philippino food and it is basically non-existent anywhere near me so wow, was I excited to see this food truck! I got the large mixed plate with lumpia (very good), bar-b-que pork (delicious), grilled chicken (comes on the bone, a bit of a shock but probably adds flavor), and then a scoop of rice and a large dab of green papaya salad, or someone noted it was pickled ginger salad (wow, that was good!) and...because I like living on the edge, a pair of grilled chicken feet (rather fatty, not a lot of meat, and frankly, they look like little human hands, I felt like a serial killer trying to eat them). I also went with the fresh coconut for $5 (eh, okay but ice tea would be good as well). I talked with the owner and said he had opened the truck because he could never find good Filipino food either and the truck has only been open a few weeks. Probably the best deal is they Hey Joe special with lumpia, grilled pork and grilled chicken, sans scary chicken feet, unless you really love that sort of thing. They even offer balut for $5 and i think if you finish it, it is free. A delicacy of the Philippines it consists of a soft cooked egg that has been partially gestated. i saw Andrew Zimmerman eat one on Bizarre Foods, on the travel channel but even for a food adventurer like me, yikes! Bottom line, some great food. I'm a big fan of the street food I've had in Asia (Hong Kong and Tokyo) so nice to see you can get some of it in the developing food truck industry out here in Phoenix. My only wish is that they look at offering Pancit noodles along with or instead of rice. Another great food of this sort of cuisine and maybe, some chicken and pork adobo.....mmmm! :-)
I finally got to try hey Joe and man am I happier than Charlie Sheen in Hooters! The menu is pretty short, but does the trick. They have multiple skewers like pork and chicken, lumpia, rie and a few other things. For the adventurous eater, they have "Adidas" (grilled chicken feet), Chicken Ass and Balut. We did the large combo that came with three pork skewers, 1 chicken skewer, 2 of the grilled chicken feet , 2 lumpia, rice and a green papaya salad. I also threw in an extra buck for the Chicken Ass. I have to say the Chicken Ass was to die for! it's pretty much like the little turkey tail, but has a small bone in the middle. All the skewers were good, I liked the chicken the best. I was also a fan of the chicken feet. The skin was perfectly crisp and the glaze was good. Overall the meal cost us 11 bucks, but my wife and daughter split it with me so it was perfect. I wasn't adventurous enough to try the balut, but I did toss em 5 bones for a young coconut to drink, which was great. Overall super happy I got to try this truck, I'll be hunting it down in the near future for sure!
Yummy, tender, well seasoned chicken, generously sized lumpia, and friendly owners- plus it is in a truck! How can you not like it? A Phillipino news crew was at the Phx Public Mkt  the other day filming them- they're that good.
Heard about this truck from The Meat Shop newsletter and went over today to check it out. The lumpia was the first thing I tried, it was exceptionally good. The BBQ flavor was really excellent on the pork and chicken skewers, I wanted to order more. Tried the chicken feet, flavor was good but they were cold in the center. 
Overall it was a great meal and I will be back again!
.
Delicious! The Hey Joe Special is comprised of perfectly tender and moist chicken (served on the bone, slightly awkward/messy but really really perfectly done), beautifully seasoned pork, and lumpia for $8, along with a pinch of salad and a healthy scoop of rice for the sides. The lumpia were (was? i don't know Filipino food) crispy and savory - I'm glad I splashed the sweet/spicy sauce Brian recommended on them. The pork had an intriguing citrus flavor which I loved. 

The Hey Joe truck will be at 18th Ave & Deer Valley on Mondays from 11-1 for the foreseeable future (your best way to find them is to follow them at twitter.com/heyjoetruck), and I will be there w/ an appetite.
I have a more detailed review on my blog with pictures. cactusmangokitchen.blogspot.com In short, the prices are affordable, the service is quick & accommodating. I liked the coconut mungo dish, pork lumpia & atchara. They were out of their #5 which had the bbq pork & chicken...would love to try that if ever there is occasion to be in Phoenix...but, I don't think we'd go out of our way, just for Hey Joe's again. 

The banana-que was alright for me. I like mine sweeter encrusted with caramelized sugar. Hey Joe's is lightly caramelized. But we did eat four banana-que! It was cold out & the warmth of the banana-que's hit the spot. 

I also tried the Adidas/chicken feet. I liked the crispy skin, but just couldn't bring myself to eat the chewy sinews between the tiny bones. The atchara's crunchy, sweet/tangy coldness helped ease the Adidas experience.
Very good lechon kawali! It was great, tender, and fatty just like a good pork belly should be =9. But at $9 for the serving, it will leave you hungry for more.  Didn't try the other menu items which consisted of lumpia, bbq chicken etc. which I'm sure would be equally delicious. would be 5 stars if the money to food ratio was a tad better for a hungry dude.
Location was in front of Sleepy Dog Brewery and Saloon in Tempe, I had three different items from their menu.  A lumpia combo, Balut, and Lechon kawalki.(they add things to their menu sometimes)  Everything was awesome, the lumpia was fantastic, the lechon was so good after letting a buddy try some, he went and got his own.  It was a treat to find Balut as well.  I asked if they were serious and they were.. so I got one and it was good. If the Hey Joe truck is near by, I highly suggest you go and try a few things off their menu!
I went to the Phoenix Public Market specifically for the Hey Joe Filipino Food Truck and I was not disappointed. I ordered 1 bananaque (banana with carmelized sugar) and The Valley meal comprised of pancit (clear noodles, veggies, and small bits of chicken), rice, and 2 pieces of lumpia, all for $10. It's a good price for a good portion of Filipino food in downtown Phoenix! The lumpia was very crunchy and delicious, and the pancit is light, yet very appetizing. I was looking forward to the grilled chicken mentioned by several Yelp reviewers, but it wasn't on the menu, so I asked the owner, Brian, and he said that it gets too hot to grill on the side of the truck with the temperature hitting 100+ degrees in the summer. 

According to their website they're will be at the Phoenix Public Market on Wednesdays (4-8pm) and Saturdays (8-1pm). Next weekend I'll definitely come by and try out the other items on the menu!
Was really looking forward to trying out Hey Joe, but ended up a bit disappointed.

They were at Sleepy Dog Brewery.  A nice fit as it allows you to wash it down with your beer.

Service was friendly.  Order at the truck and they bring it to you inside the brewery.

I had the pork belly (Lechon Kawali), which had been "slow cooked for 15 hours".  It was tender but very fatty.  It didn't have any knockout flavor, it was just fatty, slow-cooked pork.  It also wasn't a lot of food for $8.

They didn't have the bananaque that other reviewers have mentioned.  At least I don't think so.  All they had for dessert (I asked)  was a banana deep fried in wonton with chocolate sauce on it.  It was good, not great.

If I'm near the Hey Joe Filipino Food Truck in the future, I'll probably order something again.  But I won't go out of my way to eat at this truck again.
get a banana-que. bitches love banana-ques.
I had the chance to eat from the Hey Joe truck today when all the food trucks were up in Scottsdale at the Whole Foods Market on Raintree. 

I had the "Valley Dish" which was Pancit noodles, 2 lumpia,  and some rice. The dish was yummy... and it was a treat to have Fillipino food for lunch up in Scottsdale. The dish was $8 bucks. I think it was fair for the portion. 

I look forward to eating from the Hey Joe truck again when I can make it down to the Phoenix Market.
This place is pretty good. Prices seem a little high, but you get a good amount of food. I like the i think its called the "valley plate" or something like that. Its pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice. Good stuff 8 dollars. 

If they happen to be at a place i am at i will stop by (like Glendale Glitters) or Wednesday farmers market downtown
GREAT! Had their food in the Whole Foods truck lunch. Honestly never had Filipino food before. I got a sort of lentil mix over rice. It blew me away! So great, and so many unique flavors. Also, their chili sauce is amazing. 
Another pleasant surprise was that they had Mexican coke with real sugar, nice!
Service was very friendly, only wish they'd open a shop near me!
After living in the SF Bay Area for 14 years I was surprised to learn that there were very few Filipino restaurants in PHX.  Hey Joe does a nice job of getting around the Valley to make it feel like you can easily get this cuisine.  Fresh, young coconut, lumpia and skewers of chicken and pork are all I need for a great meal.  The truck delivers on that very well.  The clean truck and presentation are also appreciated by me.

I completely recommend Hey Joe and hope you'll help keep this truck running to events and brewery stops!
Their food was GREAT! I had the pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice! The price was not bad for the amount of food that they gave you!

Even though they had a very long line they were still very fast with service!
I really enjoyed my lunch from Hey Joes.  I had the valley plate. Lumpia had alot of flavor, pancit was good.  I had the coconut and it was fantastic.  Really fresh and young, water was great, meat was very tender.  Great lunch!  Portions were plenty too for $8.
I'm an amateur when it comes to food trucks but my friend took me a spot that had 10 trucks parked for a weekday lunch. I chose to eat Filipino food and it was really good. The price is on the high side for it not being a sit down restaurant.  I had the pancit noodles and the lumpia and they were delicious. If you enjoy good Filipino food or you've never tried it, this is a good place to go.
$7 for a small Styrofoam bowl of bland white mush atop rice.  Can you tell I am less than thrilled and my negativity only grows with my hunger just 2 hours after my "meal."

It was another food truck Friday in down town Phoenix, the number of trucks grew since last year and Hey Joe was one the new ones to me.  From glazing at the menu the only veggie option was the Vegan Mungo for $7 so I went for it.  It came in a small white Styrofoam bowl, looking anemic, like babaganoush with a few leaves of spinach.  I was hoping for more flavor, but it was not there. The texture was like a Indian lentil dish.

Why was this $7 it should have been 3.50 at most. Sure it came from a truck with modern graphics on it, this does not mean it is instantly gold. Trucks may be trendy but so far the food quality has yet to impress me.
After getting a taste of Hey Joe!  at the first food truck event I was planning when I could check out the full menu.
I was able to catch up with the truck during first Friday and boy am I glad I did.

Being new to Filipino food the menu was intriguing and maybe a little intimidating.   The menu item which listed pork belly fat under the name was a clear winner for me.  

The guys at the truck were incredibly helpful, letting me know which of their delicious sauces would go best with me meal.  They were great.

The food.  Yum.  I mean, can pork ever be bad?  That pork fat coated the inside of my mouth, and thankfully I could taste it long after the plastic fork was  tossed in the trash can.  Not something I can indulge in often, but the lasting memory will keep me going for awhile.  

And I will definitely be back to try some of their more artery friendly options!
LUMPIAS!
Find this truck and order the lumpias. They're freaking delicious.
You down sisig? Yeah, you know me!

The sisig [pork jowls, ears and liver] from Hey Joe! is as good as it gets.

They serve it on a hot sizzling plate and crack an egg over it.  It's served with a side of rice for $9.

The presentation itself was pretty awesome being that it came from a truck.

I'd highly recommend this truck if you're down with sisig!
Not much food for $8.00... Pork belly was all fat no flavor
I was in Phoenix for a week for a parking tradeshow (yeah, it's pretty serious). My company rented a house on the corner of 6th and Roosevelt, so of course I saw Hey Joe! and had to go. OMG!!! I got the pancit and lumpia combo... I 'bout died it was soooooo friggin' good. It was the best lumpia I'd had since a Filipino friend had made me a whole bunch to freeze. The pancit was seasoned perfectly. PERFECT AMOUNT OF FOOD!!! And the guys behind the counter... THE BOMB!!! Found out it's a small world after all after speaking with them a bit. Can't wait to take my girlfriend to Phoenix and share this NoRoach-coach food.

-Black girl in the white wide brimmed hat :-)
Love, love, love!  My first food truck rally & I definitely was a winner when I tried Hey Joe!  Lumpia was delish...just amazing food, perfect portions, great flavor, 100% satisfied!  Can't wait to try again!
Love this food truck....braised deep fried pork belly...mmmm...the rice was good...lumpia was tasty look forward to trying out everything on the menu..
On a recent trip back to phoenix with a friend I was talked into trying Hey Joe! I used to work right downtown on Central and McDowell so I already knew all about the food trucks on fridays, but I was really excited to try something brand new and different. 

We walked right up and I wanted to opt for the chicken, however once again I was talked into a new experience to try the braised deep fried pork belly. I was a bit scared away but my friend was super excited for it, which made me excited even though it was 110 degrees out side (I LOVE IT THOUGH). 

Reasonably priced and the portion size was good enough for us to split to simply try something new but not for a full mean. Hands down though it was really delicious I can not lie about it. A great combination of whatever they deep fried it in with rice and delicious sauces on top. Obviously not healthy at all, but we were on a mini vacation so we deserved it :)

Of all the food trucks down there that I have had this one by far is the winner.
Tried out Hey Joe at the Wednesday night food truck gathering downtown. I ordered the lumpia (eggrolls) and devoured everything in the little white tray. The order of three eggrolls came with rice and some kind of pickled carrots or something. I don't actually know what it was I just know that I liked it! The cool slaw was a nice contrast to the (very) hot eggrolls. Hint - resist the urge to just dig in. Let them cool off before you bite in or you'll burn your tongue.

The lumpia was crunchy, greasy and yummy - just the way an eggroll should be. 

It's a little pricey, but it's a food truck so it's quality food and I;m okay paying a little more for better quality. 

I would totally go back and try some of the other items.
I had yet to have tried this truck on Food Truck Friday and the line was short so I stepped on up.

It's Philipino food which I had never had before and I wasn't sure what to order so I just said a word that I hoped was right. Turns out I got the pork egg rolls. I overheard another patron say they were good for Philipino food beginners. Perfect!

The lady in the truck was very sweet. I paid $8 for 3 pork egg rolls, scoop of rice, some stringy things, and a bottled Coke. Average price for Food Truck Friday. I enjoyed the rolls though. They were steaming hot but the pork inside was delicious. The outside was very crunchy and flakey. I adored it!
I can't believe I hadn't given Hey Joe a try before today.... It was very very good! I can pretty much sum it up in two words....pork.....belly. Seriously. My brother and I shared the plate with the pancit and lumpia and....of course...the pork belly. The lumpia was good, crunchy and flavorful, but it was all about the pork belly. It was juicy, crunchy, soft and falling apart, and super flavorful. Also, it only costs 8.50. Pretty amazing deal. I would definitely go back!
One of my fondest memories as a child is traveling to Alameda to visit my great-grandparents, one of which was Filipino. The food! Yum!!! 

It had been years since either my mom or I had Filipino food. We both moved to Arkansas 20+ years ago but I recently moved to the valley. The first time I came across Hey Joe was last Spring when my mom was in town and we visited the Old Town Scottsdale Farmer's Market. Pancit? Lumpia? I was beyond excited when I saw the truck. Yes, I get excited about good food.

Everything was fabulous. I have since tried the breakfast dish which was absolutely delicious. 

Service is great, prices are wonderful. I will definitely be back.
I go to Food Truck Fridays quite a bit.  Lately I find myself ending up back at Hey Joe!.  The Chicken Adobo is really good.  Lumpia is good sized and delicious as well.  Make sure to get the sweet chili sauce to dip!  Friendly service and a clean truck with cool graphics.
Finally ran into Joe's truck at the First Fridays art walk in Phoenix.  Several food trucks and vendors on hand, but lets talk Filipino food.
I tried the adobe chicken and Pancit and I was impressed.  Great Adobe chicken dish that put a  a $7 dent in the pocket.  It came with 2 pieces of chicken and rice on the bottom of the chicken.  The dish is on the smaller side so I am glad I ordered another dish.  The chicken is seasoned well and the skin holds most of the flavor, good thing you have plain rice just in case the sodium is overwhelming on the skin to even the flavor out.
I also enjoyed the Pancit at $8 a dish and very large.  I would of enjoyed more meat in it, but the noodles and rice was overflowing the dish.  I did enjoy it, however my other taste testers and myself hinted at the slightly bland flavor.  Wish the dish had more flavor in it.  
Going from the well seasoned adobe chicken to the more bland Pancit was a disappointment.  I will order the adobe chicken again and if I crave Pancit I would still order it here.  Especially if I was hungry, since the Pancit dish is a large portion of food.
Other items on the menu is Lumpia and sugar cane Coke for $2 and waters for $1.  I am sure the Lumpia is great, but I did not have enough cash and stomach storage to sample 3 dishes.  
If you see Joe's trucks and crave some Filipino food I am sure you will enjoy it.  It seems to be the closest Filipino food place in Arizona that I run into.
Saw the Hey Joe! food truck parked at the Mesa Arts Center food court for the Asian Festival and had to try it out!  I got the Lechon plate ($8.50), which included about 4 pieces of deep fried pork belly with crispy skin, a scoop of rice, and some pickled veggies (Carrots, radish, red bell pepper).  The order took a little time to be made, as there was a backup of orders from some customers wanting a lot of extras (Like 8 cups of soy sauce, or 6 to-go boxes for their plates), so the food wasn't out in quick time like I was expecting for a food truck.  The staff were very friendly though, and it's nice that they offer credit card for you to pay (No minimum order), and will send you your receipt through your e-mail.  

The lechon was very rich and flavorful.  It had a mix of juicy pork and crispy skin from being deep fried.  Although they give you just a few pieces, it is a pretty heavy tasting dish, and it was nice to add the rice and vegetables as lighter sides to balance out the meat.  Although very tasty, the price was a little high, considering I can get a pound of lechon for the same price at Heavenly Bakeshop in Chandler.

Overall, it's nice to see some more uncommon foods here in the Phoenix area such as Filipino cuisine, and I'd like to visit their food truck again to try some more dishes.
As far as service goes, this truck is awesome. Super nice and I got my food very quickly.

As far as the food goes, I was expecting it to be a lot better. Maybe better is the wrong word, flavorful. I got the Adobo for my first foray w/ Hey Joe and I really wasnt impressed. The chicken was nice and moist, but it really lacked in flavor. 

Ill probably give them another shot, mainly because i want a do over on my now !st impression of Filipino food.
Have you tried Filipino Street food?  I hadn't either but I have a feeling these guys know what they are doing because I am addicted now.  No joke. Small menu choice, and they take their time, but food is hot, fresh and so good!

Did I mention it's tasty?
Overpriced.  Does not remember customer loyalty.
Do you like Filipino food? Wait.. you don't know? You better ask Joe. He will tempt you taste buds with some amazing food. The lumpia was amazing (Almost as good as my aunt's). As of late I have been far to busy to get back to see the Hey Joe truck but as soon as I do have time I am there.
I would eat here again b/c their flavors are so spot on BUT I was pretty disappointed.. I ordered the rice noodle stir fry w/ chicken and garlic rice (cant remember the actual name). On the menu they had the name of the local farmer where the chicken was raised, a nice touch and another reason why I chose to ordered my dish. First off, those pieces of chicken they are so proud of are the size I feed to my Maltese, and less than the amount I would feed him too. The dish tasted awesome however it lacks protein to make it a complete meal because they skimp you on their farm fresh chicken. The spring rolls w/ sweet & sour sauce were great. It's just so disappointing that they skimp you on the good stuff for a dish probably has the lowest food cost on the menu. Left with a full stomach & happy palette, but overall disappointed in the experience.
Another Food Truck Thursday and my husband decided to try Hey Joe! He ordered the Pancit (rice noodles) and a lumpia (egg roll). I was lucky enough to get to try both items (by try I mean steal off his plate). The food was freshly made to order and came out quickly. The noodles were delicious with their saucy ways. Also the vegetables were delicious. My husband enjoyed the chicken it came with as well. I particularly enjoyed the lumpia - one of the better egg rolls I've had. Super crispy and tasty. Overall, I enjoyed their food and would try again.
I raced down to SkySong to grab lunch from the food trucks today during my break.

Now, J isn't a fan of Filipino food.  And I never had an urge to try it.  BUT..when i saw that my only food truck option today was going to be either Hey Joe or standing in line behind 6+ people for SL (I love SL, but had to get back to work within 20 minutes), I figured this must be fate - Try Hey Joe!

There were a few guys picking up their order and I asked what it was they had.  They told me it was Pancit, but it wasn't on the menu anymore.  I thought to myself...crap!  BUT, the gal said...we have one more order left.  It was meant to be!!  

To tell you how good it is, I am still eating my order of Pancit while typing out this review.  It's that good, I couldn't wait to write about it!  Pancit - a rice style noodle, veggies (carrot, onion, bell peppers), and chicken.  A good deal of spice to it, but not overpowering.    

Super tasty!
Lumpia, pork belly, everything Filipino and did you know they will do private parties as well.  They will pull up in your driveway and give your party THE BEST food, experience and fun.  Follow them on Facebook, go where the food trucks or go, or just have them over.  They are amazing, loving people, too.  Still not sure I'm ready to try the Pig Face...maybe next time.
I love these guys!! The food is great and the people running it are awesome!! Good folks and good Food!!
I don't know if it's because pork belly is relatively new to the food scene in Phoenix, but some local restaurants think they can get away calling what they serve "pork
belly" but in reality is just your standard pork butt or loin. That's the case with hey joe. 

False advertising is exactly what you get at this food truck that tries to sell off regular dark pork meat as pork belly. I bought the pork belly bun sandwich which again, not pork belly and even putting that aside there just was no flavor. I wish I would of doused it in Hot sauce. The bun was nice and the meat was cooked well but between no flavor and being served pork that wasn't pork belly I can't recommend this place to anyone.
Coming from a Filipino, I wasn't all that impressed.

I usually head to the ASU Food Truck Block Party on Wednesdays to grab lunch with a couple coworkers. I had seen Hey Joe! there the past few times we had gone, but having grown up eating Filipino food with my dad's family, I was skeptical and gravitated to the other trucks. Since the Block Party has had more or less the same selection the past few weeks, I decided that this week I would finally give Hey Joe! a chance.

I imagine that for many of their customers, Filipino food is a new thing. The food wasn't god awful, so I can see why many the untrained taste bud might be raving about this. "Filipino food! Sounds different!"

I ordered the chicken adobo with rice, and a side of two lumpiang shanghai. Probably the most Filipino thing about my food was the fact that the "to-go" container consisted of two Dixie paper bowls covered in foil. The chicken adobo lacked that certain quintessential flavor that makes Filipinos everywhere crave it so much. The lumpia, or egg rolls as I wouldn't even call these real lumpia, had no pork, unlike most lumpiang shanghai, and the veggies inside left a bland taste. I did not receive any of the typical sweet chili sauce that you're supposed to eat lumpia with. I did receive a side of atchara, or pickled radish, with my lumpia, so at least they made an effort there.

If you really want to try Filipino food, I recommend going to one of the many restaurants we have in the Phoenix area.
Filipino food in Phoenix?  Saw thus truck on some food channel and was excited to see that there was a food truck Friday.  I was pleased  with a decent sized serving of pancit with chunks if pork. But when you serve bihon you need to offer the lemon and patis, right? The super lumpia was a good concept but where's the meat?  It looked like Shanghai,  but missed the meat.  Also, I'd like the choice to have vinegar instead if thw chili sauce.  Hey Joe -take note.
Got to try this food truck at Food Truck Friday in Downtown Phoenix, AZ.  I don't know if I'm spoiled by Los Angeles Food Trucks and street food, but I was really unimpressed by all the trucks there, but Hey Joe! was a definite least favorite :(. 

I ordered the Chicken Adobo after reading good things in other reviews, but the dish that I got kind of tasted like something I would whip up quickly at home. The chicken was quite dry, and the whole dish was just kind of bland. The rice was cooked well, but it wasn't really that complicated of a dish but took a while to get to me and just wasn't that enjoyable.

Maybe it was a bad day for the truck or they were just busy, but I wasn't impressed :(.
Caught up with Hey Joe for some delicious Filipino food!  There were four of us and we all ordered the same dish: pork belly. 
Four big pieces of seared pork belly, served with seasoned rice, daikon radish and carrot/jalapeño slaw plus dipping sauce. Yum. 
Saw someone coming away with a monster lumpia that wasn't on the menu. Wish I knew- I love lumpia.  It was about 8" long and stuffed to the brim. Missed opportunity there!
The pork belly was crisp yet juicy, perfect for the vinegary dipping sauce. The slaw was outstanding and the sticky rice was good too. 
Highly recommend Hey Joe, especially the pork belly.
Chicken adobo is a SAD, SAD, SAD excuse for the dish.  After 6 of us tried it and repulsed in disappointment, I handed it back to the truck and didn't even ask for a refund.  The glass noodle dish was half-way decent, but really bland.  All in all, the "Filipino" food this truck slings out is garbage and unworthy of the title.  Tied for worst truck of the day at Street Eats AZ...AVOID!
Have had food from this truck a few times. Pancit - noodles with chicken & veggies is consistently yummy, always moist & tasty.  Chicken adobo is marinated chicken in soy vinegar over rice is my favorite, just the right sweet sour salty. Mongo vegan - lentils stew with spinach & ginger is served over rice, can taste all the flavors. Great Filipino food for the open-minded pallet.
I am not a meat eater but love their bacon mac & cheese and the greens!  My hubby had the pilled pork with coleslaw and said it was some of the best he has ever had (and we loved in Atlanta for 10 years)...The owners are seriously sweet with  great personalities!  I cannot wait to meet up with again!
Having just had my first Food Truck experience last weekend I was on the prowl for another opportunity. Ben's BBQ was hosting a Food Truck Round Up today at the Nevada Cancer Institute with part of the proceeds to go for cancer research. I'm all in on eating for cancer research! There were 5 trucks at this round up. I decided to go with the host truck. I had the pulled pork sandwich, mac & cheese with bacon($2) and the smothered greens($1). They give you two choices of BBQ sauce to put on your sandwich. A Mesquite sauce and a hot sauce. I went with the hot sauce. Now my experience with Fukuburger may have spoiled me. Ben's had a person outside the truck taking orders. He was nice enough, however he did not seem interested in helping customers make selections. It was more like he just was there to take orders, nothing else. This was quite a contrast to what I experienced with Fukuburger's friendly helpful order taker. Maybe its because they seem to be relatively new to the Food Truck circuit and haven't got their game down yet. 
Anyways, the pulled pork was great! There seemed to be a reasonable amount of meat for the price of the sandwich ($7). I would recommend getting the pulled pork. I will definitely give them many more go chances in the future. I hope they are in the area often.
I had some of their smoked brisket today at a family style BBQ event at Plant World. 
In simple language it was the best brisket I have had here in Las Vegas. I like the smoked meats in Whole Foods, but this was hands down tastier. 
I ordered a three meat sampler to go; brisket, brisket, and brisket.
With these food trucks doing what they are doing, the restaurants have got to step up their game.
Pulled pork sammie ($7) was large, but the bread was tough. The pork was tender and smokey. The bacon mac-n-cheese ($3) was short on bacon, but nice and cheesey. The food came out quick. The owner's son (I believe) was taking orders. Seemed like a nice kid but tried to overcharge me. I don't think it was intentional, he just thought 7+3 equaled 11... damn you Nevada education system!
I've been chasing this truck around Vegas for the past three months and I finally tracked it down at a comic book festival over at Flamingo.  I tried a variety of meats (so I wouldn't have to do it again) and these are my findings:

-The beef brisket was tough and disappointing (it was cold)
-The spare rib was tender, but fatty
-The crème de la crap was the pulled pork -- tender and soft and yummy

For future reference (since it's not listed anywhere), here is their basic menu:

Smoked Pulled Pork Sandwich...$7
Smoked Brisket Sandwich...$8
Smoked Hot Link Sandwich...$5
Smoked Salmon BLT Sandwich...$10
Smoked Ribs...3 bones/$7, 1/2 rack/$12, full rack/$22
Fresh Cut Fries...Individual/$3, With Sandwich/$2 (not available the day I went)
Smothered Greens...$3

So yeah, it's limited and the prices are kind of high.  I'd go again if I ever saw the truck, but I'm not planning on chasing it down again anytime soon.
Ben's BBQ is one of those newfangled gourmet food trucks that announces their location and menu on the interwebs, and it just so happens that they set up in the front of Bread and Butter in Henderson on Wednesdays, 5-8pm. Since this seems to be the closest of their stops to where I live, and my friend strongly recommended the pulled pork, I decided to give it a try.

As much as I balked at discovering that it was $14 prix fixe, I ate my food without complaints... and after I pondered over it for a while and went home with half of my meal remaining, I realized that I actually liked it. It left quite a good feeling in my mouth. The BBQ sauce comes on the side (do _not_ forget it) so that you can serve yourself to taste, and it works with the tender (but perhaps slightly dry) pulled pork. They also had beef brisket and ribs, and my friend ended up raving about the ribs tonight and proclaiming their superiority over the pulled pork. Go figure.

Of course, the BBQ is not the only thing on the menu. The roasted tomato soup really really works, especially when you let it cool down a little bit, and I think this was what kept my mouth in a state of umami fulfillment all night. The green beans are pretty good (and seem to have some tomato), but I really like the baked beans with kidney and black beans added for texture and flavor variation. Finally, the apple crumbled (which I hear is from Bread and Butter) was awesome, with great texture, dried cranberries, and not too much sweetness (or tartness, surprisingly)..

I wouldn't eat this often since it's not really made for my wallet and I don't buy into the food truck culture, but I would recommend that you give it at least one try if you're in the area, or rather if it's in your area. It is, in a word, satisfying.
This review is past due. We tried Ben's BBQ at Streats. We sampled the ribs and pulled pork. The meats had a nice smoke. It was a shame the ribs were very fatty, there wasn't much meat. The pork was the better choice, though I wish the bread was better. The spicy sauce lacked the kick we hoped for, but it wasn't total weak sauce.

This is one of those instances I wish there were half-stars. It wasn't quite an A-OK experience, there was room for improvement.
Ben's BBQ catered our summer employee (1000+ people) picnic 2 weeks ago at Floyd Lamb State Park. We are still receiving compliments from the employees on our choice of food. 

We had a menu of pulled pork sandwiches, chipotle lime cole slaw and peppered corn. For those with restricted diets (or kids) there were turkey hot dogs, veggie burgers and beef hot links. The pulled pork was simply delectable. It was tender and moist and had the perfect balance of smoke and flavor. The bread tasted fresh from the bakery and the sauces that accompanied the sandwiches were all equally gratifying. The spicy BBQ sauce had some serious kick! The cole slaw was outstanding, mixing chipotle flavor into a traditional southern staple was ingenious especially when added to the sandwich! The peppered corn was so tasty and seasoned people were coming back asking for seconds. They also served 300+ pounds of the sweetest watermelon I've tasted since I left the south. 

The staff were all attentive and genial. The guy who carved all of the watermelon in the 100+ degree heat, did so with a smile on his face. The owner of the business needs his own TV show, he was so entertaining. He socialized, danced and interacted with the employees all while overseeing the food service. This truck served all 1000 of our employees in a few hours without ever having a line or a long wait. They exceeded our expectations in every aspect and I can't wait to use them again for our next big corporate event. In the meantime I might have to hit the streets to try that BBQ again!
This truck is incredible. It pulled up for a happy hour after the Zappos All-Hands meeting and I am so glad it did. The guys were super friendly and the food was great! I got the brisket sandwich and my husband got the pulled pork and an order of fries. Everything was perfection. Light and delicious, not over-sauced and the fries were the perfect ratio of crinkle to crunch to potato-ey goodness. I loved the serving of cole slaw on top of the brisket it added a delightfully crispy crunch to every bite.

 If I happen upon this truck again, I will absolutely be in line :)
While at Vegas StrEATS downtown, I sampled a pulled pork sandwich that Ben's BBQ brought to the VIP yelp tent. It was pretty good so I walked down to Ben's food truck and purchased a "Hot Link Sandwich" priced at $7. It tasted good but it should have been called a hot link slider because it wasn't very big. I don't mind that it came on a hamburger bun however for the $7 it cost it should have been a bigger hamburger bun with more links in it. The bbq sauce on it was decent but it was just a drizzle and could have used some more. It was just too bad that the guy taking the order was in such a hurry (there was no line BTW) that he didn't realize my husband who was standing right next to me might want to order something. I guess he thought the $7  mini sandwich would fill us both up!? 

The food is good but the specials they had going on during this visit to their truck left me still hungry and feeling like I payed too much.
This place is a little slice of heaven on wheels. They were at the Las Vegas StrEATS festival, and I hope they will be there again. the BBQ beef was some of the best I have had and the french fries were great as well. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I stopped at Ben's BBQ truck at the November 1st First Friday event. Have always wanted to try Ben's and there was no time like the present. Being a big fan of BBQ I just had to have the Pulled Pork. The Pulled Pork sandwich is served Memphis Style, which is with Cole Slaw on the sandwich.
The pork was juicy and the sauce was the just right amount of tang. The added Cole Slaw brings it all together. Yes I am a Fan. Ben's - see you down the road.
I should learn my lesson, when going to a food truck event don't go to the truck with no line. But being a BBQ fanatic, I couldn't resist especially when they claim "smokehouse." Options available were sandwich (to include roll & cole slaw) or combo (includes roll, coleslaw & choice of side).  Meats available: pulled pork, chopped brisket, or sausage. When it comes to trucks, I try to first observe portions that others are eating but since NOBODY was, I went for the pulled pork sandwich. I paid $7 and they quickly handed over the dish, as if they knew what I wanted. I almost wished they would have pretended to put some preparation time into it, so the lack of effort & customization wasn't so obvious. But still optimistic, I stepped away to look at my "smokehouse" BBQ. I was now the "proud" owner of a big and very cold bun hiding within just as cold pulled pork, topped with a squirt of cold sauce. I immediately returned (since there was no line) & pointed out there's no cole slaw as advertised.  This received a response, "oh, we ran out of that" so I said, "if you don't have it, then shouldn't you lower your price?" The 2 guys looked at each other & laughed as if I were telling a joke. Look, it's not the dollar I'm after here (which I didn't fight any further for), it's the lack of effort and false expectation set by these people that ticks me off...so at least cross what you don't have off from the sign. I had plenty of other options but wasted my appetite on a cold dry sandwich. It appeared to be smoked, so I see potential & maybe they're good on other days, but my one (& to be only one) encounter was GARBAGE.
I haven't had this place on my radar, but had heard about them in the past. I am not a huge fan of food trucks, as I often find them to be overpriced and much more trouble than they are worth. That being said, when they are accessible just as I get hungry, it's hard not to take that as a sign from the Yelp gods to try out a new lunch spot. 

I had scouted out their menu a few days in advance knowing they were going to be in my neck of the woods and was a little disappointed to find out that they weren't offering their full menu and were instead offering just two lunch items. These were the brisket sandwich and the pulled pork sandwich. I almost always order the pulled pork at BBQ joints, but I dared to be different this time and went with the brisket and made it a combo by adding their mac n cheese. 

The wait wasn't too long. I guess that was the method to their madness for only offering two options. It was a drizzly day, so once I had my food I quickly ran inside to enjoy my lunch. 

The meat was tasty, nothing amazing and could definitely have been enhanced by a tad more BBQ sauce. It was also a little on the fatty side, which I didn't mind too much, since most brisket I have tried ends up being to dry. The sandwich was topped by coleslaw, which definitely enhanced the flavors. The mac n cheese was good. Not the best I've had, but I wouldn't hesitate to order it again if they're in the area. 

Overall, I wasn't blown away and I don't see myself going out of my way to try them again.
Finally tried Sin City Wings tonight and yes, I'm a fan.

These wings are friggin' big! I've never been full from 5 wings before. The combo price is reasonable at $8, that include 1lb of wings, some pasta salad and a roll.

Flavors galore! More than enough for all types of people. I had the Hot Buffalo, definitely tasty. Apparently the "Oscar Goodman" has ghost chilis...that's WAY TOO HOT for me.

When you're ready for a little treat... trust me you want to try the dessert wings. Yes... dessert. Chicken wings smothered in cinnamon and sugar with some raspberry goodness on top. It's like eating a funnel cake chicken wing... run right now and order some, you'll thank me later.
We violated one of my food truck rules when visiting Sin City Wings. We showed up late. Hence, very long wait. However, it was understandable since  they were a man down and the people at Telus were hungry :-) Due to expediencies sake, my office all ordered tenders. You know when you are hungry, you just don't want to fool around with bones. The chicken was flavorful, breading was nice and there was not too much of it. It was still a bit crunchy since they were very fresh. The sauce was very satifying. I had the Fienberg, which is the spicy apricot. It was sweet but had enough of a spicy kick to make it worthwhile. We also all ordered combos, which I have to say were very reasonable at $8 a pop. The mac salad had just the right amount of mayo/sugar ratio and not too many veggies to spoil my carnivorous intent. I was quite pleased to see the Great Buns bread racks hanging out in the truck. Good to know my roll came from a yummy bread establishment :-)
I've been wanting to try Sin City Wings ever since I heard about them. Despite the explosion of food trucks in the past year, chicken wings weren't really spoken for. Lucky for me, they decided to accept an invitation to stop by work today.

I went with a wing combo with the Feinberg sauce. A while back, I remember hearing about a food truck that has a sauce named after Jason Feinberg (of Fox 5 fame), but I had forgotten which truck. There's really no reason for the association other than they wanted to name a sauce after a local personality. It's a spicy apricot concoction that is sweet with a little kick.

The wings were pretty good--nothing absolutely mind-blowing--but combined with the Great Buns bread, the surprisingly delicious mac salad, and the top quality ranch dressing, the combo came together very well and was very satisfying. (Yes, I've finally come to the realization that not all ranch dressing is created equal).

What really makes me a fan of Sin City Wings is, strangely enough, their buffalo potstickers. I never thought to put buffalo sauce on deep-fried potstickers. It's a geniously gratifying combination.
I wanted to love Sin City Wings, but I didn't. They drew a large crowd during StrEATs. After lengthy wait, we had grub in hand. I don't often like chicken on the bone, so we went with tenders. We couldn't decide on a sauce so we sprung for a second sauce for 50 cents and they left them naked. Armed with Feinberg and Hot Buffalo sauce we dug in. 

The Hot Buffalo sauce was not terribly hot or tasty. After one dunk we stuck with the Feinberg, the spicy apricot was the way to go. However, while the breading is crisp is too thick. I prefer I much lighter coating. The homemade ranch is very watery and no better than most bottled versions. 

The addition of macaroni salad (watery) and bread (dry) seems like carb overkill. It seem like an afterthought, rather than a balanced combo.
Me and my teenage boys tried SinCity Wings during an outdoor movie in the park event and they are amazing!! Huge fingers dunked in perfect homemade ranch, and the best macaroni salad the boys & I ever tasted. The fries are fresh... the kind you have to eat fast!! We got them hot out of the fryer before our meals were ready and they were the perfect appetizer. We will definitely be following them around town!
They were AMAZING!!!  We had them cater our daughter's birthday party.  The communication was fantastic and quick, the price per person was affordable, they were helpful in suggestions, they showed up on time and prepared, they were SUPER FRIENDLY and so helpful. 

One of my guests thought the sauce was a little spicy and Bobby was more than happy to create a new sauce just for him.  Another guest was a vegetarian and they made sure that she had something to enjoy spur of the moment.  

The food portions were more than enough, the fingers were fresh, the sauces were great!!!  My guests were thrilled and some went for seconds!!!  Just overall an amazing experience!!!  I would HIGHLY recommend Sin City Wings to anyone!!!
Hands down, the best wings I've ever had. I'm not a big fan of spicy or hot wings, and normally spring for a honey BBQ type of sauce. The aptly named "Bobby-Q" after the owner, is a nice mix of BBQ and some special ingredients. 

Let me say this, in my mind, the tenders with Bobby-Q sauce put BWW to shame. 

The truck only offers full size wings (massive), and long tenders, but no bite size nibblers that are normally common among wing establishments... No worries, just more chicken per bite :) 

Couple that with the friendly service and the reasonable price ($8 for a combo, includes bun, ranch, and homemade mac salad), this is a truck that I shall follow valley wide... 

(PS: Tip a $1 to see what happens, quite hilarious)
We have tried these @ Vegas StrEats, First Friday, and again today @ a food truck party @ Tommy Rockers. The Bobby Q, the Buffalo Bills, and the Oscar Goodman were all excellent. Thumbs Up. They are attentive. The food is very fresh. The sauces are fantastic. We almost sought them out four days in a row. It would have been five stars if they brought some tables and chairs for us to use.
Sin City Wings really is a one-of-a kind wing experience. I've never experienced food that's as hot, yet bursting with flavor. I was also unfamiliar with the concept of a "naked" wing, meaning there isn't any breading - absolutely delicious. 

Being from out of town, I also got to learn more about some of Vegas' locals. The wings are named after several iconic figures, including the Oscar Goodman, which was my favorite wing and extremely hot, yet flavorful. I also have to mention the pot stickers because they are awesome and rolled in the same spicy sauce as the wings.

If you're cruising around the strip and happen to see the yellow wing truck, I would definitely recommend giving it a try!
I really  am a big fan of wings,I am totally addicted to their Bobby Q,
I will travel far and wide to find this truck! Hoping they get a location permanently soon!
Just like my last time at StrEATs, instead of going to a usual suspect like Slidin' Thru, I went for something new like last time. 

The food itself = delicious, everything else was a little bit mediocre. 

The line wasn't all that long at all, the wait for the food on the other hand was over 30 minutes. The food was pretty damn good but I don't know if I can say it was worth the wait. 

I ordered the tenders with their version of buffalo sauce (they give weird names to all of their sauces) and seasoned fries. The buffalo sauce was so hot that my nose started running because of it (that might be a little too much information, I know) and it was mild! At the same time it had a strangely sweet kick to it. I could have done without those leaves that they decorated the chicken with though (cilantro? basil? I really don't know since it didn't taste like anything). The curly fries were so skinny and greasy, I LOVED THEM.

The price was kind of steep for food truck standards, but they offered Shasta Tiki Punch and moist towelettes to wipe your hands after one is done savoring their wings.

Oh, by the way, I was finally face to face with Misti for the first time, and I probably have to thank this food truck for that! She was at the Yelp booth which was set up right next to this truck and was kind of hidden, I may have never noticed it otherwise, knowing me. 

The Final Verdict:

Pros:
Well...they're chicken wings and tenders! When are they not tasty?
Divine fries. 
They provide moist towelettes. 
Meeting Misti.

Cons:
Long wait for your food.
Rather steep for a food truck, and there was only one combo deal (which involved yucky looking macaroni salad and dry looking bread).

Suggestions: There should at least be a combo deal for chicken wings and either fries or mozzarella sticks. Although, personally if you ask me seeing that chicken takes a hell of a lot longer to cook than a burger in the first place, a chicken wing food truck isn't the best idea in the world. 

Would I return? Depends on where they are, probably not at Vegas StrEATs again though.
Ya know what's funny? I don't really care for wings. Sure, I'll go eat them with friends, but I'm never "wowed" by them. Never. Not once. But that all changed when I took a visit to Sin City Wings. 

In my opinion, what makes Sin City Wings special is that they do everything well across the board - from ingredients to preparation and service. On the topic of ingredients, they use nice pieces of chicken. These are chicken wings afterall, but even among them, these were good sized pieces. 

Another thing Sin City Wing does well is their frying (believe me - I'm hyper critical about this stuff). The chicken was crispy on the outside, moist well cooked chicken on the inside. If you're a texture guy like I am, you'll appreciate it. 

I've also tried most of their flavors and have to tell you - THEY ARE KILLER. In fact, I've recently put on my bucket list that one day, I'd like to bath in their Raspberry Chili BBQ sauce. Yes, it is that good. I'm quite astonished that most (if not all?) of their sauces are made in-house. 

While I'm the subject of sauces, I actually want to say that I disagree with Kellee's review of their ranch. I found it to be great for dipping and the fact that it wasn't too thick let me make sure that I could taste the chicken and not just get a mouthful of salad dressing.

So who should come here? Anybody (Yes, I mean you). If you like wings, then you'll love this place. If you don't like wings and were like me (didn't care for wings), you should come here anyways. Because of Sin City Wings, I am now a believer of how good a chicken wing (or tender) can be. Of course, now I'm totally ruined unless they come up to Seattle. 

The bottom line: Eat here. Wipe your hands off. Eat here again. Do eeeeeet! 

P.S. - Get your chicken tenders breaded and forever thank me.
So After 2 visits to this place...Once at First Friday, and once at StrEATs, I'm still not sure what I think about this place. This review is going to be an average of the two experiences.

A combo box is $8 & comes with 1 lb. of wings (usually about 6) because these are some serious chicken wings, macaroni salad, a basic dinner roll & some ranch dressing that is ridiculously good. 
The sauces are pretty amazing from my 2 experiences.

The 1st time the wings were OK, but they were breaded & fried which I'm not a fan of at all when it comes to wings. I got the Feinberg sauce, which was amazing in my opinion. Just the right balance of sweet from the apricot and spicy. If they wings had not been breaded and the consistency not so soft and full of grizzle then I may have enjoyed them a little more.
The 2nd time I had the wings i got the Buffalo Bill wings, which were perfect.They are very spicy and these wings are almost as big around as they are long. They were perfectly deep fried.
Next time I go though I'll probably just skip out on the combo box since I didn't even eat the mac salad or the dinner roll. Just the wings is $1 cheaper.

Other than the wings they have a pretty unique menu with things like:
Fried Potstickers
Fried Pickles
Mozzarella sticks
& of course the wings you can get as either regular wings or breast tenders.

I'm going to have to try this place a few more times with a few more options on the wings before I can get more of a consensus conclusion.
went to Vegas Streets this weekend to eat of coarse and it was only an OK experience. Tried the raspberry chili BBQ. Flavors were good and the wings were decent size. i just can't believe the price.This town lacks a good wing scene. I was spoiled growing up on the east coast. Local bars would have "wing night" were they would be .15 to .25 cents a piece. Well were not in Kansas anymore i guess.
You know the kind of review that you just don't want to have to write, but you feel like it's your duty as a Yelper to express your opinion whether good or bad.... yeah... that's this review.

Despite the positive reviews I read and the couple of people that told me to give them a try, I have to admit I was more than disappointed with Sin City Wings. I hate writing bad or negative reviews especially for a place where the staff was friendly.

I was so excited to try them at the Vegas StrEATS festival this past weekend and I had heard that I needed to try the Buffalo Potstickers along with the chicken wings. I wasn't in the mood for wings, especially considering seating was limited and I felt like that would be a mess. So I ordered chicken tenders with the raspberry sweet and spicy sauce and the buffalo potstickers.

They advertise FRESH, NEVER FROZEN right on their sign but the door was open in the back and the cook was definitely pulling chicken and potstickers out of pre-packaged bags from the supermarket. Now, I can't say if they were frozen or not (they looked it) but they definitely were pre-packaged. Was very tempted to go ask for my money back right then and there but decided to wait it out and try the food. (Should have gone with this plan though)

The potstickers were just regular tasting potstickers with sauce poured on top that didn't go together all that well. I ate one and didn't touch anymore. The chicken tenders were tossed in the sauce (by tossed, I mean not even enough sauce to cover each each piece of chicken). The sauce was decent except it was hard to taste it considering the chicken to sauce ratio. Ended up not finishing these either and there were two of us eating them.

Very disappointed and I really do hope that I can one day update this review for the better (see: Bachi Burger), but for now, it remains one star and that is only because the staff was friendly.
I will preface this with, I am not a wing eater and I did not try their wings when we sampled their food the other evening at the FSE event.

I did however get the potsticker with the sweet sauce and I thought it was really good and while I would have liked to have gone back to get more, I feel that it's a little rude to keep going back and going back for the free stuff. SO I was a good Yelper and just tried a little which was enough to make me want to try another round the next time I can find them :-)
At one of the Yelp events in Las Vegas earlier this month, Sin City Wings was on hand, giving out samples of their chicken wings and pot stickers.  While this was an uncommon duo, they worked very well together, especially with their sweet Bobby Q sauce (names after their own Chef Bobby).  I will say that the chicken wing tasted a little better than the pot sticker, but I would eat either of them again in a heartbeat.
This review is based on my experience with Sin City Wings in conjunction with Ben's BBQ at a recent corporate event. 

The 2 trucks catered our summer employee (1000+ people) picnic 2 weeks ago at Floyd Lamb State Park. We are still receiving compliments from the employees on our choice of food. 

The menu consisted of pulled pork sandwiches, chipotle lime cole slaw and peppered corn. For those with restricted diets (or kids) there were turkey hot dogs, veggie burgers and beef hot links. The pulled pork was simply delectable. It was tender and moist and had the perfect balance of smoke and flavor. The bread tasted fresh from the bakery and the sauces that accompanied the sandwiches were all equally gratifying. The spicy BBQ sauce had some serious kick! The cole slaw was outstanding, mixing chipotle flavor into a traditional southern staple was ingenious especially when added to the sandwich! The peppered corn was so tasty and seasoned people were coming back asking for seconds. They also served 300+ pounds of the sweetest watermelon I've tasted since I left the south. 

The staff were all attentive and genial. The guy who carved all of the watermelon in the 100+ degree heat, did so with a smile on his face, never once complaining. The owner of the business has one of those personalities that belongs on a comedic stage. He socialized, danced and interacted with the employees all while overseeing the food service. I admire the fact that he wasn't afraid to get dirty, always assisting wherever he was needed. They served all 1000 of our employees in a few hours without ever having a line or a long wait. Our expectations were exceeded in every aspect and I can't wait to use them again for our next big corporate event. I've heard that they are opening a restaurant soon and I will definitely have to check it out.
We tried Sin City Wings for the first time this past Saturday night at Vegas StrEATS and I am SO glad we did. It was amazing. 

Let me start by commenting that though there was quite a long line, it moved quickly and the woman taking our order was very pleasant and friendly even though I'm sure it had been a long and busy night for her.

My husband and I each ordered a box deal which includes 8 pieces of chicken (wings or tenders, your choice...we opted for tenders) in your choice of one of 5 homemade sauces, macaroni salad, a piece of bread, and a side of their amazing homemade ranch for dipping. Oh em gee was it delicious!!! 

The chicken tenders were fresh and crispy on the outside, juicy and delicious on the inside...but that's just the beginning. Lets talk about the SAUCE, which in my opinion was the highlight of the meal. Hubby had the Feinberg which was a sweet apricot sauce with just a hint of spice, and I had the Bobby Q, their signature barbeque sauce. Both were equally outstanding. To compare them would be apples and oranges because one is sweet and spicy and the other is bold and tangy, but both are awesome. 

The macaroni salad was good, but it was just macaroni salad...nothing special. The bread, while ordinary, can double as a vessel for sopping up extra wing sauce as well as the amazing ranch sauce. You're probably thinking, "eww, ranch on bread." But trust me, this is not Hidden Valley. The ranch is so good that you'll want to dip something in it. And though it is intended for the chicken, the sauce already on the chicken is so good that it feels a shame to guild such a succulent lily. 

All in all, I highly recommend checking out this truck.
Pretty good wings; we had to try them at Vegas strEATS and were impressed with the tastiness of the bone-in wings. My companion and I got some wings and our friends got fried pickles and an order of fries. Upon getting to the front of the line my companion and I were feeling something spicy, so we asked about the Buffalo Hot and the Oscar "Ghost Chili" Goodman sauces.

Our buddy at the truck informed us that the Buffalo Hot lets you taste the spice AND the chicken whereas the Oscar Goodman (I love the naming scheme so much) only tasted like burning fire. We ordered the buffalo hot wanting to be able to taste the interplay of flavors.

The chicken meat was tender and juicy - pretty good wings. However, I was very disappointed with the spice! There was no kick at all to these wings - they should make an intermediate 'heat' step between Oscar Goodman and Buffalo hot as an option for those who like their Thai food 7/10! The fried pickles were amazing. Surprising? Not really. Fried pickles always rock. Sin City has some solid wings and I've gotta give love to the cool atmosphere of the food-truck.
There was no line at this wings truck when I rolled by, but they wait for your order before putting a single wing in the fryer apparently?? "Everything is cooked-to-order" they said.
You would think that running a hot wings truck at a fair like this for years, they would have a slight clue that since their only menu items are wings, and they are called sin  city wings, that pretty much everyone orders wings. They should have had a couple wings going at all times, so it really made no sense.

I sat there 30 minutes and watched them average maybe 1 order of wings every 5 minutes. It was beyond pathetic, and they screwed up my order and made me wait 30 minutes to watch their pathetic display of 3 men in a truck and 6 fryers that were outputting less than one wing per minute.

If you want to pay cash only and wait over 30 minutes for a dozen or ten wings go ahead. If you pay credit, be prepared for a possible mishap. I never even got my wings, and returned the order with my credit card but was still charged!

If you are hungry, go eat anywhere but here
Sin City Wings met more than my standards I expected and they will see me again.

One thing that bothered me was the amount of time it took to make the food. I like that it's fresh, but it's not a place to go to when there's a few people in front of you and there's no shade on a hot day. Though, if there's a time where the sun isn't beaming down on you, it's a great place to go get your chicken wing/tender fit.

I ordered a box deal which was $10. It's a bit pricey but that's expected for food trucks, so as a food truck fanatic I didn't mind. The box deal included wings/tenders, fries, sauce, and bread. The fries were served in a good amount and they were made the way I like (crispy outside and soft inside, but not burning inside). Sorry for the vague description of the fries. The sauce is just normal ranch served in those plastic containers. The bread was just normal to me, but more for you buck in my opinion lol. I forgot the name of the flavor of the wings, but it was fantastic.It said it was sweet and spicy, but it was majority sweet and no spice, but I eat a lot of spicy so maybe I would have to try a more spicy flavor.

I would definitely come back and I recommend it toward others.
OMG! The Oscar Goodman wings were seriously XXX hot. A hint of Ghost Chili? My lips were burning on fire. The bread and fries were a must to try and tamp out the 3 alarm fire in my mouth. The wings were meaty and I'm sure if I had been smarter and  selected the slightly milder sauce I would have been able to fully enjoy them. 

If I get a chance to try this truck again I truly will I'll just make a smarter sauce choice :)
Sin City has hooked it up for me a few times and I really dig 'em. I like the variety in sauces they provide. There's something for everyone, whether you want to actually set your tastebuds on fire or if you're like me and can barely handle the word spice. 

I really enjoy their Raspberry Chili and the Bobbi Q. ALSO - they make a mean macaroni salad :D
I'm not a huge fan of food trucks. Long lines usually deter me from making the effort, but they came to a work function so I made the exception. 

Lines were long, as expected. It took about 40 minutes from stepping in line until I finally got my food. There was only one guy handling the order-taking and cooking for a while until someone else came to help. I decided on the box with honey buffalo wings and fries. We found a shady place under a tree to wait for our names to be called. 

The order was finally ready and we dug in. The flavors were really good. Sweet but still really nice and spicy. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. After waiting outside for so long on a hot day I lost a bit of my appetite and only ended up eating about half my order. Food was still solid and I'd recommend the wings here. I'm pretty curious about the Feinberg and Raspberry Chili flavors. I'm a big fan of the sweet and spicy combinations.
This truck is AMAZING. We showed up about 5 minutes before close (we thought closing was an hour later, we're not those kinds of jerks) and proceeded to order pretty much one of everything on the menu.

 I do not like pickles or sweet potatoes. Their fried pickles were delightful. Crispy, crunchy, a pickle flavor I enjoyed. The rest of the party really loved the sweet potato tots, they had a nice texture and I liked them until I tasted the sweet potato. According to my friend who is a big fan of sweet potato, these were the best she ever had. 

They also have potstickers, which sounds odd for a wings truck, but it was an awesome Asian-BBQ fusion. Imagine really good potstickers from a classy Asian restaurant  drizzled in wing sauce and I believe ranch sauce. They have mastered the crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the middle cooking style. 

And now on to the main event, the wings. Oh, dear mother of God, the wings. Before we even talk about flavor, we need to talk about the succulence of the chicken. I've never had wings so moist and tender, to the point after you start chewing it just gets better. The skin on the outside was crispy in all the right places while still having a little chewy spot. We accidentally ordered two orders of spicy instead of one spicy, one sweet, so we didn't get to try the sweet. The spicy was about a level 2.5 out of 5. It wasn't hot just for the sake of being hot, which is a big pet peeve of mine. 

The first taste of the sauce is a smokiness and then you get just a pop of heat. We were literally licking our fingers, despite the pile of napkins at our side. The prices are completely reasonable ($8 for six wings and a side of fries), the portions are generous (the chicken wings were all at least 3 inches long and meaty), a full basket of pickle slices, a side of ranch with everything. If you get a chance to try this truck out, do it.

I would happily give them 5 stars if they had a bigger social media presence, but as it stands, they update facebook and twitter maybe twice a month so it's hard to know where they are or plan on going.
As of recently, UNLV has had a campus-wide invasion of delicious food trucks. Since I'm on campus for about 13 hours a day because of work and school, I really don't have a lot of time to make myself lunch for the next day, so the appearance of these delicious foodmobiles has been both a blessing and a curse. Sin City Wings just so happened to be one of those delicious food trucks that decided to conveniently park right next to my office on campus.

Now I am one of the biggest wing fanatics to ever walk the earth, and let me tell you, these wings are pretty darn tasty. My favorite thing to order is a box combo, which comes with wings, fries, and a drink all for $10. There's about 5 sauces to choose from, but my personal favorite would have to be the Bobby Q. The Bobby Q offers you a familiar barbecue taste, with a hint of spicy mixed it. It's delicious on the wings and their amazing fries. If you're feeling daring and love some heat, I would recommend getting their "Oscar Goodman" option. This option has ghost chilies in it, and is so spicy it even made my boyfriend sweat (and trust me, he can handle his spicy food like a champ).

Sin City Wings really is a gem among food trucks, and if you ever get the chance to give them a try, do it!
So I stopped here because the buffalo potstickers caught my eye.  I wanted to get some for my sister who adores buffalo sauce. I ordered that and fried pickels. I was second in line and the order took a good 10 minutes. Really? They move slower then molasses. On a high note the pickles were scorching hot when they handed them over but were swimming in grease. (Had a mini grease lake in the bottom) the potstickers came second. I was so excited to try them because of the unique flavors. The presentation was beautiful, professional and you could tell then took pride in their work. The flavors.... the buffalo sauce didn't taste like buffalo at all. It was sweet and mild. Not tangy at all. They also put some sort of cream sauce as a garnish which was good as well. I thought the pot stickers could have been cooked longer, but I'm just picky. I would go back here, but only if the sauce was a true tangy buffalo sauce. My sister LOVED them on the other hand. Not bad for 5$ a plate. Would have been 4 starts if it was faster and more buffalo like.
Third time was the longest wait yet.  The wings are great but the service is very slow.  Fast food it ain't.
Slow. SLOW. SLOW TO THE EXTREME. Even for a food truck the wait times are ridiculously long. I can understand that good food takes time but this is ridiculous. It doesn't help that there's only one "chef" in the truck trying to pump out all the orders. 

Let's get into portion sizes -- $10.50 is a decent amount for a combo with no drink. And boy do the portions vary. Having three people order together and seeing the mad difference in the amount of food you get is a prime way to get people pissed off. 

The flavor is good though, but I don't know if the prices and the wait warrant a taste. And I don't know if it was just me, but when you're out of something, doesn't it make sense to cross it off your dry erase menu?!

Pro Tip: Pay attention to what people outside your truck are saying. When people are getting pissed when served out of order or waiting for 30 minutes, it probably means you're not doing something right.
Usually this food truck is closer to the Student Union instead of Lied Library, so I normally don't go to it, but I decided to try it one day when it was closer to where I was.

I ordered the Bobby Q boneless wings because that's how I roll and I enjoy most things with bbq sauce on it. The wait felt rather long, especially since I was hungry and I had plenty of studying to do. I didn't think it would fill me up, but it did and it was delicious. I enjoy wings and I'd come back to eat at this food truck whenever I can, at least if I have the time to wait for it.
We are always looking for a wing expert that is able to surprise us with unexpected flavors and the menu offered at Sin City Wings looked promising.

They were perched up at First Friday 6/6/14 and we decided to put an order in for THE FEINBERG - "Sweet apricot infused with spicy chilies. More sweet than heat." Note- we are devout spice lovers and eaters, so we were really excited about the flavor combination of sweet apricot and chilies... I guess we failed to notice it state, more sweet than heat. There was no heat or chili flavor at all in the sauce (well, according to my spice and chili loving tastebuds.) The sweet apricot flavor was light and the overall flavor of the sauce was bland. We also strongly felt that the wings could of used some more salt before they were cooked and sauced. The chicken was just so bland. 

The wings were cooked well, not crispy, but moist. They also looked like meaty little guys, but they had quite a bit of fat. Unfortunately, the fatty parts made the texture of the wings mushy and unappetizing.

However, I have to disclose, the ranch sauce they gave us was absolutely delicious (we think they infused it with roasted garlic?) It took the wing from OK to better. Definitely one of the better ranches that I've tasted in my time.
Amazing sandwich.  Everything was fresh, well seasoned and really tasty.  I had the F-Bomb with beef which I wasn't sure about but it is well done:  Felafel and mini beef burgers in a pita bread with pickles, tahini, tzatziki yogurt sauce and freshly fried potato chips.    Yum.

There are lot's of veggie options too.

As another reviewer mentioned, the bonzo box is an engineering marvel for taking your sandwich on the go.

One suggestion for the banzo people to achieve total culinary nirvana --  toast or warm the pita bread up for the sandwiches.
They were totally right to rate this place best new food truck in Madison.  Everything is fresh, cheap, and delicious.  And the people who run the truck are super cool, and will happily tell you about where ingredience, recipes etc come from.  Great new place.
I'm a huge fan of food trucks and love me some good falafel. Banzo married these two better than any I've sampled! I would stand in line through blazzing heat and brutally cold days just to eat lunch here. 

Thank you Banzo.
$3 à la carte for the best falafel in town? Absolutely. Perfectly fresh and crispy. Very happy to find Banzo.
Heads up: Banzo is now set up on the State Street Mall outside University Bookstore and Memorial Library, not on Charter & Dayton. They're usually open 11-2:30 M-F.

I've heard rave reviews about Banzo in local newspapers, and I finally got to try some falafel today...oh my god. Hands down, the best falafel I've ever had. It was so crispy and perfectly seasoned, and then it got all warm and delicious on the inside. And so fresh, I even found part of an actual garbanzo bean inside one of my falafel balls, rather than the usual green mush. AND it was only $3 for 4 of them! Throw in some fruit and veggies, and for me, it was the perfect size for lunch.

Two thumbs up for Banzo. Can't wait to try the chicken pita sandwich and the fries. Om nom nom nom.
Banzo has the BEST felafel sandwich in Madison.  I like the felafel at the Mediterranean cafe more,  but there sandwich doesn't hold a candle to this place.  The meal is huge and the sauces are delicious.  Just writing this review makes me want another!

You should know that they aren't really fast.  Fast enough, but expect a little wait.  And, the level of red onion in the salad varies A LOT.  Steer clear of that topping if you don't care for it.
The Banzo cart is a winning addition to the plethora of Madison food carts. It provides authentic Israeli food at a good price. Natalie and Aaron who run the cart are so nice! 

And to make Banzo even better, now they deliver!

I had the F-bomb platter with mini burgers and it was delicious. Super fresh and even satisfied me and my boyfriend for lunch. The falafel could have been hotter but you cant blame them because they are fighting the cold And serving during 30 degree temperatures. Im so glad Banzo is here!!!
Banzo has the best Israeli food I've had outside of Israel! The F-Bomb and The Chick are my favorites. Literally the best falafel and eggplant I've had, and to add to the deliciousness, they have an assortment of really great toppings and extras! Fun workers too, its a pleasure to stand outside their cart in the cold weather!
Yummy, yummy! Stopped here on my way to class and had their falafel pita, called "The Banzo." Falafel and pita were just perfect. They put pickles and homemade chips in the pita with a chopped salad that was cucumber, onion, tomato... and some other crunchy yumminess. Tahini and hot sauce to top it off. Wowie was good!! Oh, plus the fellas working there are super duper cute & sexy...
Having developed a falafel addiction on a trip to Greece and exacerbated that habit by spending a summer in New York, I've been game to try every falafel in Madison in search of one that will come close to the chickpea delights I have had the pleasure of eating. Banzo is as close as I think I'll get in Wisconsin.

Though the Harvest sandwich (falafel with eggplant and potato) I got was not perfectly executed (the falafel was clumped in the middle, with some bites containing only the chopped salad or a bite of potato), the falafel balls themselves are the truth.

Crispy on the outside, fall-apart fresh on the inside, the falafel is neither dry nor flavorless, two characteristics of other Madison offerings. I instantly regretted my choice to get tabouli as a side instead of 4 more falafel balls. (I also regretted my tabouli choice because it was essentially an herb salad, but that's what you get when you convince yourself you don't need fries).

While $7 is steep for a food cart falafel (let's be real here, acclaimed Chef Mohammed Rahman charges less at his infamous Kwik Kart #1 in NYC), your really won't find better at any price in this city. I'll definitely get it again.
Have been there twice to order and take-out food.  The portions are HUGE!  Not to mention healthy and delicious!  This is the perfect alternative for fast-food.  I have been hoping for a long time that Madison would get a fast and HEALTHY place where I could drop in and pick up something quickly, and this is it!

I have not been to the food cart, only to the Sherman location which is poorly marked (hopefully not for long), but has plenty of parking and the staff was very friendly.
This place is amazing!!  Who delivers falafel?!?  Banzo!  They combine incredible mediterranean fare with American flavor (i.e., potato and pickles in the Banzo pita sandwich).  Delivery took about 50 minutes, but that is what we were told.  Well worth the wait!  Sides are generous as ell.
No reviews have mentioned the "Schnitzel", which is chicken breast pounded in delicious breading, then fried - like Weiner Schnitzel is made, except with chicken! I had it in the Salad configuration, and it was absolutely delicious! I'm sure it would be wonderful in the other offerings as well.

I love the falafel ("Banzo"), but I've also ordered the "Chick" and "Slider", and now the "Schnitzel", and I only write to emphasize that it's not just the falafel that makes this my new favorite place for take-out/delivery!
Had "The Harvest" today at the Farmer's Market. It was very delicious. The only downside was the two boys in the truck were not prepared for the rush they got and the service was incredibly slow. The flavor was worth the wait, though.
Love this place.  

The falafel is delicious, and definitely the crunchiest I've ever had (in a very good way).  I also like the fact that they put hand-made chips on the sandwich - very Israeli (they like to put fries on their falafel sandwiches), but with a twist.  

Not the best falafel I've had, but definitely the best I've had in Wisconsin, and it holds up well to the greatest stuff I've had across the US and Israel.

This all is a bit bittersweet for me, as I just discovered Banzo yesterday.  This is bittersweet because I've been looking for good falafel as long as I've been in town (3 years), and am moving away in the fall.  Sad face.  But still I'm happy to have found it.
Banzo is mouth watering delicious. I've tried both the Banzo (falafel) and the Harvest (falafel with grilled eggplant) as a pita sandwich as in the platter form. The platter comes with a tasty salad, rice, and a generous side of hummus. So good! I also love the hot sauce and the pickle relish that comes in the pita sandwiches. When I saw the Banzo sign outside of their Sherman Avenue location (near where I live) I did a happy dance. I literally started dancing by myself. That's how good it is!
Friendly service, great falafel. I hear they have started up local delivery which is great when you need a healthy late night fix.
We got the Groupon for this place, and cashed it in tonight once we realized we had nothing planned for dinner. We'll eat with Banzo again, for sure! Very good sandwiches and sides. My husband got The F-Bomb with chicken, and I got The Harvest. We got sides of falafel and hummus, and each got an iced tea. Everything was GREAT, the service (over the phone) was super friendly and we're especially excited about them moving into the old Vientiane Garden spot on Sherman -- that's just down the road from us, and just a decent dinner walk away!
Truly great falafel has been sorely missing from Madison for a very long time. Places like Shish Cafe and Med Cafe offer up a pretty decent shawerma but the falafel around town has always been dry and oddly-flavored up until now. Banzo makes a falafel that rivals the stuff I have eaten in the Middle East, at prices that rival some parts the Middle East - particularly Israel, where one of the founders originates.

The authenticity does not stop at the falafel, either. Schnitzel is a staple of Israeli cuisine due to the Ashkenazi influence, while their "mini-burgers" are blended with a truly Middle Eastern mix of spices, vegetables, and fat. I have no idea why they call them mini-burgers though, because they are undoubtedly the very same kofta meatballs I grew up eating in an Egyptian household.

I just wish they would open on the weekend, because I've already suffered many a disappointing hangover wherein a juicy falafel sandwich would have been exactly what I needed.

Banzo could also seriously benefit from taking a couple pages from Israel's own falafel enterprise: 
1. Add laffeh bread to your menu. Your pitas are excellent but I would more than willingly pay a slight upcharge for the "Chipotle burrito" of falafel sandwiches.
2. Give me the option to stuff chips (french fries) in my falafel.

My suggestions should in no way be taken as "needs improvement," though. There's no doubt in my mind that the Levantine style of falafel is the best in the world, and Banzo absolutely nailed it. The fact that they deliver makes this THE go-to place for delicious and even healthy fast food.
I love this place.  One of the go-to carts on the Library Mall (be sure to follow on fb or twitter for location updates).  Their popularity during lunch may keep you waiting for 10 min.

Their eggplant sandwich is amazing.  The f-bomb sandwich with chicken (includes their falafel) with hot and yoghurt sauce is amazing.  All their sandwiches come in cardboard containers that open up like a zippo lighter to easily nom down the sandwich without spilling any of the good stuff.

I met Aaron and Netalee when they were down by Dayton and Orchard (by Union South, DoIT, CS) and they were extremely kind -- I only wish I could randomly run into them again; they don't seem to work in the cart when I go for lunch! :(
Banzo knows their beans.

I've been searching for great falafel ever since Caspian Cafe shuttered years ago and I've found it!  

I've had their food delivered to work and my apartment a bunch of times and I finally made it to the cart(check out their fbook or twitter accounts for specials and location).  The line and wait for food can be long, but please, I BEG you, to stick it out.  I've had a chance to explore most of their menu and it's all wonderful.

The food is so reasonably priced, especially give the portion size. You can have a pita sandwich with your choice of filling that comes in a well-designed to go box, or upgrade to a hummus plate (some of the best in town), or a platter.  Nothing will set you back more than $10.

I saw that they're going to be open for late night food soon and I can't wait!
Review for the food cart.

Excellent falafel for a very reasonable price. It's a little messy, but worth it. Do you need anything else from a restaurant? 

The people were polite and pleasant to deal with.
I tried the lentil soup and the eggplant platter and had it delivered to my hotel while I was in town. Delicious food! The portion was bigger than I had expected, the falafel was crispy and yummy and everything tasted amazingly fresh! Will order again when I'm around!
I have never eaten at their restaurant, but I love their takeout! They give a discount for corporate orders, so order at work!
I am picky about my food. I have tried other falafel in the city and banzo is by far the best place to go for it.  Simple and delicious!
I ate there last week and keep craving it. Always a good sign.

We ordered a lot of food to try as much of the menu as we could. That was certainly enough to bring us back. 

The falafel is to die for. Seriously, the tastiest falafel I've ever had. And I've eaten more than my fair share of falafel in life.

The chicken "schnitzel" is a spicy breaded slice of goodness. Sooo good.

Their salad was great, with lots of ingredients and a delicious dressing.

The only thing on the menu that I was not too excited about was the hummus. For my taste it had too little citrus pop and too little garlic. The tahini in the hummus had a great flavor though. Your mileage may vary.

The location is a bit hard to find if you don't know the neighborhood. It's a house that's been converted into a commercial space. They have a nice deck outside that is across from a park. In addition to the small room where you order your food (with only a few tables), there is a larger room with a lot of character that they are still setting up.

I'm looking forward to trying the other items on the menu.
I spent a summer sailing around the Mediterranean so I like to consider myself a falafel connoisseur (I only mean for that to sound pretentious in a sarcastic way), but Banzo is in a league of its own! Its got the perfectly crispy outside and flavorful, smushy inside I can never get quite right in my own kitchen.  All the sauces are awesome (especially together!) and they're certainly not stingy on the toppings. Even if you don't think you're in the mood for Banzo falafel...yes, you are.
Cool. 
Beans.
Mmmm, Banzo is my favorite food cart in Madison! 

Both the falafel platter and pita are delish! The platter comes with falafel (duh) plus salad and hummus. Both are amazing, and you can have them put all three of their delicious sauces on the platter. Yum! They serve the sandwich in a cool little box....pop open the top and eat! 

Just found out via other Yelp review that they have a brick and mortar establishment. I must go!!!!
Yes, do try Banzo! I was lucky enough to be one of the first people to try this place because of rave reviews from my friend. Been addicted ever since...

I'm in love with their falafel. I always order the F-Bomb platter with chicken because it's never let me down.

The food cart is available on Library Mall during the week and up at the farmer's market on Saturdays (when the farmer's market is still going that is). They also deliver AND they opened a restaurant at the end of the summer. I will have to stop by their new place next time I am in Madison!
I tried the restaurant yesterday. The falafel was to die for -- I'm still dreaming of it! I got the whole wheat pita (a stab at being healthier). It was soft and delicious, not dry at all. The hummus was really good, too. I can't wait to go back!
Saw the new cart while walking by the corner on E. Main and MLK on Capitol Square.  My wife had tried it at UW and liked it and I'd read good things too, so I jumped in line. I ordered the F-Bomb (how could I not?) and scampered back to the office.  OMG.  I came really close to going back and getting another one.  It was that good.
Terrific falafel + delivery = awesome
Absolutely wonderful!  Seriously, their falafel is the best I've ever had, and I'm pretty familiar with the stuff.  It's a popular cart, so you might have to do some waiting, especially if you come during the noon hour.  Both the plate and the pita are amazing, but I find the flavors of the pita with the pickled vegetables, chips, hot sauces all smothered together just fantastic.  Go for it - you won't be sorry.
Holy hummus!  This place was great.  Everything we ordered was fresh and yummy.
Their food card is phenomenal. I've never been to the restaurant location, but their falafel pita is a great choice for lunch.
The best restaurant food I've eaten to date in Madison. The falafel is absolutely heavenly! A MUST TRY!
For those of you who are looking for a polished restaurant setting, I would stick to the food cart.  Located in a former house, it is definitely a fixer upper.  A curtain hides the kitchen area.  Space heaters are used to heat the room next to where the food is ordered.  While the amenities are pretty bare bones, the previous reviews are are on point.  The falafel is some of the best in Madison.  Hot, crispy with the perfect blend of spices.  As well, their hot sauce is killer.  But when you don't have a few menu items (on a Monday at 11:45 am), you have to get knocked down a star.  While this may have been a one time thing, it is something that needs to be addressed for those customers (ie. Moi) who really have no other reason to cruise the Fordem Ave. corridor but to eat there.....
During a recent visit to Madison I stopped at Banzo for diner before heading home to Wausau - it was a great choice! Everything was fresh and delicous!

The falafel really is as tasty as the reviewers say. I got the Banzo pita which was a great deal, a nice large portion. We did the 3 sides for $10 and enjoyed the babaganoush, hummus and couscous tabouli. I think I could eat that couscous tabouli everyday, it was so good!

Banzo was a nice treat that I will take advantage of again when I am visiting Madison.
This place is the best in mad city by far. As good as falafel at sultans market. Very fine cut, tasty salads. As a vegan, this place satisfies every time with plenty of side dishes and main entrees available. 
In the desert oasis of the citys north side, this place is a gods send! Love the owners and food carts too.
Personally, I've only had the Banzo Sandwich (falafel pita).  Once I have something I love, I prefer not to mess with perfection.  I've traveled in Israel, and this falafel is the real deal (which makes, since according to the website one of the owners is Israeli).  The pita bread is fresh and soft, the three sauces are authentic, and the Banzo box makes eating a delight (if you tear the strip around the side, you can eat out of the box and not make a mess all over yourself).

After only ordering delivery for two years, I finally ate at the restaurant. It is super cute, with decent service and a glorious patio.  I agree with others that it would be nice to have the option to put my fries in my pita, but this doesn't seem to be an Israeli thing so we might just have to do the heavy lifting on our own.  My feeling diners have always been pleased with their platters, but they tend to make wistful comments about my cute little sandwich (which is enough for two meals).  I suggest starting with a sandwich and working your way up from there.  If you aren't sure if your love for falafel, order a pita at lunch, when you get two for $10. You can give me the other one.
Tasty and not expensive.  I had a delicious Banzo platter, but soon supplemented it with the squash soup and tabouli.  Pleased by everything on my plate and left with my stomach happily distended.
Decent food but every time I've been there the service has been unfriendly and forgetful.
Behold the fulfillment of my falafel dreams!  I first had a falafel pita Amsterdam Falafelshop in DC and fell in love.  Since then I have eaten falafel in several cities and states, but nothing ever quite lived up to that first one... until I had the Banzo!  Some falafel I've had were just fried flavorless balls, but here they are crazy crazy yummy.  Plus all the yummy pickles and whatnot that goes into the pita and the two sauces they serve with it (way better than any tahini I've ever had), and you've got a lunch worthy of the cravings that will inevitable ensue.   All hail the chickpea!
One of the best food trucks in town. Their falafel is gluten-free and they've given me a side of greens instead of a pita. Also, they deliver. Awesome! Keep it up!
Why am I not surprised to see the perfect score? I had the harvest pita which comes with 2 felafel and a seared eggplant. I can never resist eggplant. And I think form now on I might not be able to resist felafel either.

Those felafel where perfect balls of happiness. Not sure how they make them, but they were perfectly crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside. Sometimes felafel can be a bit dry, bit these ones were perfectly moist and delicious.

Had to wait a bit for it, but I would happily go back and wait all over again just to get another one of those delicious felafel!
Love it! It's a nice quick, inexpensive & tasty. I love hear the staff try to figure out ways to attract more hipsters.
I'm so glad I don't work anywhere near the campus mall - I'd be eating at food carts at least once every single day. Wow - so good.

Despite almost being blown away by the gusty breeze today, I joined friends for a mid-day meal at Banzo. I'd never been to the cart before; they love it. And for good reason - this was a solid lunch on every level.

I ordered the "F bomb" - wheat pita, two flavorful felafel, pulled chicken, hummus, and a little "salad". Two kettle chips were added to the monster pita along with a healthy dollop of thai chili paste - I was all set. They all ordered the eggplant platter - it had similar ingredients, only they weren't assembled into the pita.

The meal was ready in no time, it was inexpensive, and most importantly, it was phenomenally delicious! I will be back!!!

Banzo = WIN

Food = 5 stars
Service = 5 stars (two friendly and efficient folks in the cart)
Value = 5 stars (our meal was $14)
MISC = 5 stars (eating outside can't be beat!)
My apologies for boring you with another 5 star rating here but Banzo is the bee's knees. Saturday was our first visit here and the felafel platter I had was perfect. I could eat it every day. Props to the chef for the side of chili sauce - what a great complement that I never would have thought of.
Oh my god. Amazing falafel. Tasty pita. What more can you ask for?!?! I was so ridiculously full after stuffing my face with this portable awesomeness (aka The Banzo pita sandwich) but boy was I happy. No regrets.
Really delicious food, but a little salty. Somehow I always end up with a stomach ache after eating their food.
Food is great but they need to ditch the food cart ethos and hire servers
Exceptional falafel at the food truck. Interesting and varied ingredients in the pita along with the falafel. Highly recommended.
I have eaten at Banzo 3 times. I now have the right to say that the food is consistently excellent. I eat at the restaurant on Sherman Ave. The location is great for me but many restaurants have tried to make it in that spot with no luck. Please let this be the exception.

I always eat the Banzo platter. There are 4 beautiful, crispy light felafel on the plate accompanied by a delicious slaw-like salad, a rice and lentil combo, creamy hummus and whole wheat pita. This is no ordinary felafel. It is a real treat. I always bring half the meal home for the next day.  My bill for this platter and a soda was about $10, a bargain for so much food.

I have had soup a couple of times and each soup was unique and very tasty. The chef is very talented and provides a healthy, fresh product which you feel good about eating.

The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.

In the winter it was really cold inside- this is an old building that needs some work. 

Banzo is famous for its food cart. I am happy to have this gem so close to my home. They also deliver!
Okay, here's what you do.  

1) Find out where the Banzo food cart is hiding.

2) Order the F-Bomb.  When asked about the sauce, respond confidently with "I'll take all three"

3) Enjoy.

This is one of the best food carts around.  Make sure you show up early---as the lines get kinda long and the service isn't very speedy.   Totally worth it!   Just go now.
So I ate at their restaurant and not the food truck. Had the Schnitzel and it's damn good. It's a chicken schnitzel and the crust on the chicken is crunchy but more importantly, the chicken throughout is really, really juicy and tender. I was super pleased. The rice and salad that came with it were solid also. Would definitely repeat this place, and if the rest of the dishes are as solid, would make this place a regular.
I ordered the Banzo pita sandwich and hand-cut fries... both were delicious. Probably the best falafel in Madison. The pita sandwich is way worth the $7. It is huge, the falafels are huge. it served as lunch and dinner for me. The fries were excellent as well. They were warm and crispy even though I got my food via delivery. The delivery dude was also very friendly and prompt. Bottom line: eat here.
Madison being a college town, I didn't have high expectations for the food here. And generally speaking, I think my lowish expectations were appropriate. However, it's good to be pleasantly surprised sometimes, and Banzo did the job for me. They didn't provide the best falafel that I've ever had, and they had to take some necessary food truck shortcuts (like not cooking to order), but the falafel was tasty and the service was good. Banzo dished my first and arguably best meal in town.
Well, if one thing's for certain, it's that heading out to the Middle East has completely destroyed my opinion of falafel.

For small city Madison, Banzo is good. Compared to big city NY, it's average. Compared to Israel? No bueno.

When I ordered my falafel and asked for the red (and green) chili sauces, it was met with a blank stare. This, my friends, is not falafel. The hummus is too thick, the falafel balls lack flavoring, and they don't even have the green hot sauce! The red is far, far too runny to be remotely legit. Where's the shredded carrots? The pickles? The cabbage?!

Sigh. Thanks a lot, Israel. You've officially ruined falafel for me.
I was tempted to give them a 1 to reduce the length of the line at the food cart every day, even in rain, but that would be a lie.  I'd stand in the rain and cold, and I have, for as long as it takes to get their falafel.  I switch between the sandwich and the platter, but either way I go for the tahini and hot pepper sauce, totally awesome.  Their hummus is very good, though if I am to be honest not quite as good as Mediterranean Cafe, but I can live with that.  I LOVE falafel, this is better than NYC food cart falafel, which has long been my gold standard, and I've eaten a lot of 3am NYC food cart falafel.
I have to admit, I never really got the hype about falafel until today. It's always been mediocre in my opinion. So when I heard all about banzo and the hype around it, it wasn't my first food cart of choice. 

Which makes me sad. Because today's f-bomb was f-bomb drop worthy amazing. It's a great combination of falafel AND chicken, so you don't have to fully commit to the falafel. The pickles, the yogurt sauce and the hot sauce... all intertwined with the salad, chicken and falafel... wow. Get it. Please get it. 

The full portion left a very hungry me perfectly satisfied. Not to full, yet not still hungry. Lunch nirvana.

Also to note, if you don't dig spicy, lay off the hot sauce. It can be overwhelming if you don't dig spicy.
I lived for a few months in the Netherlands, and came back for few visits for some breaks and became a fan of doner kebab. Too bad, I couldn't find anything close to it here. But today, I gave Banzo a try (I had the F-Bomb with all the sauces) and IT WAS GOOD. 
I guess I will come to have it more often and  can see myself as a regular.

Too bad the service a bit sucked.  While the waiter was fine, the cashier was not friendly at all, while I tipped them quite generously :D :D Oh well, it may have been one of those days.

Today, I bought the second one. This time I got myself the Kebab. 
It's good but the F-Bomb is still THE BOMB. Now, I made up my mind: I will only get myself the F-BOMB. 

By the way, the cashier is another woman who is SUPER FRIENDLY. They should keep her!!!!! :))

Yelp didn't let me check in, the message said: I was too far away from that. Well, I only went to the truck at the library Mall.

So, yeah. I gave Banzo: 5 stars!!!!!
Upping them to 4 stars. My falafel was, for the most part, quite good, although I've got a handful of suggestions that could easily improve it.

Got the Banzo--$6--and this thing was *loaded* with falafel. I mean, there were balls everywhere (stop thinking now, perverts). Also in the pita: hummus, cucumber/tomato salad, a couple pickles, homemade potato chips and some tahini.

Hummus, from what I could taste, was pretty decent, but nothing special. The thing was a mess and fell apart as I got to the bottom! Obviously, not a complaint from me, because this thing was packed to the brim. The falafel balls themselves, were delicious. The potato chip at the bottom wasn't really crispy--it had become soggy by then. In Israel, cuts of potato are either thick or they're french fries. Salad was pretty basic, but good.

Sauces: chili garlic, tahini, yogurt dill. Still no green sauce! And by green, I mean green zhug--the classic hot pepper hot sauce.

Yogurt dill was tasty, but weird for falafel. Red chili wasn't as thick as I'd like, but still good, and tahini was tahini. Overall? Pretty solid.

Will I be back? Yeah, I think so. I need to try other things. So, here are my suggestions for Banzo:

1) Thicker cuts of potato. Chips are fine on the side, but if it's not thick in the pita, then you don't get any of the flavor--and it loses authenticity.

2) Laffa. Seriously--offer it! More durable than pita and people will pay more. I know I would.

3) Green zhug! It's easy to make, it's spicy, and it's delicious. 

4) They should really offer sabih--the traditional Israeli/Middle Eastern eggplant-in-a-pita dish. I'd buy it.

I'm rambling. Overall? Good. Service? Great. Everyone is so damn nice. I'll go back.
I don't think I have ever seen a more overrated place in my life and I have been to a number of hipster places in Chicago.

First off, the people working at the actual restaurant location are a pretty inane lot forgetting they have you on hold or even not putting you on hold so you can hear their loud and annoying voices do other things.  One time I clearly stated my order with all the details needed (wheat pita etc.) and they still had to go through the litany of standard order questions.  It seriously came to the point where I did not eat here solely because I didn't want to go through the ordering process.

How's  the food?  Well it's obviously decent enough that I ate here multiple times despite the incompetence at the front desk.  They make good ingredients, in particular their hummus is really good.  Unfortunately, they can't make a sandwich worth a damn.  There is no balance to how the ingredients are arrayed in the sandwich with sauce maybe lightly coating the top or bottom if they are not passing it off in a side container.  Sometimes the chicken is cut up into manageable pieces, others you are left to rip the unwieldy pieces up yourself.  With my last visit the pita itself fell apart when I took it out of its box spraying toppings all over my floor.

If you want a good pita sandwich I recommend a place called New Amsterdam in Omaha, which is cheaper, better and gives you more food.  Basically the only thing Omaha has ever added to civilization.  Meanwhile I suggest you skip the Banzo cart and try the Thai cart or the Peruvian cart or the Indonesian cart where they are serving up something tastier and more unique.
Delicious. Always. Great staff. Amazing food.
5-star falafels (vegan) and 4 star hummus.  Prices are very cheap for the quality and quantity.  Their lunch-time food truck is the best choice for vegans staying around the capitol square.  We also stopped in at their restaurant location on the way out of town and ate way too much!

I'd give them a 5 star if only they had some type of dessert, preferably vegan, and preferably baklava.
Food was great.  Wifi neede a little help, thus the 4 stars.  Might have been good, but  they didn't know passord, and fumbled with it a bit.  We never got on the whole time we were there. Leaving, they finally go the password.

But the FOOD! Wow: awesome hummus, amazing falafel balls (not an expert on this, bu they were very tasty).
Delicious.. Amazing falafel and "the chick" pita. Can't wait to try everything else.... Extra hot sauce and tahini sauce please!
Do you love falafel? Well I certainly do. The falafel here was as good as any falafel we had overseas. It reminds me of the falafel we ate in London last year.  We ate outside and had a great time for lunch. Very worth the trip on your scooter or bike.   Prices are very good and service isterrific.
Excellent falafel! The hummus is homemade and tasty. Best place to get a good falafel pita sandwich.  Love the outdoor seating as well.
If someone were to ask me about the best thing I've recently ate, I'd say it's Banzo's falafel. 
I didn't have them in pita. Just the balls a la carte.
Now I get why people love this place. These super fluffy inside, crispy-outside falafel are the best that I've ever had anywhere. I thought I had sampled some of the finest falafel a from SF Bay Area to Paris, but I am happy to report that Banzo's falafel wins the title of "the best."
yum.  They deliver and have the best hummus and salad.
I'm speechless! Mostly because my mouth is full of fantastic falafel! 

The food was exceptional, all of the hype I'd heard brought me in- but with such great reviews I expected there was no way the actual time I spent here could possibly meet the spectacular reviews. 

It was better. Beyond the tantalizing and diverse main dish, the environment was friendly and calm. The employees were on point and it was all very timely.

Thoroughly impressed, definitely in my top 3 of Madison's food thus far! If you aren't here, get going.
Awesome full Banzo at the cart
i rarely eat at the same place twice.  
partly cuz madison has so many great places and is always adding more, partly because i live so far away, partly cuz i'm a variety junkie.
but banzo....banzo blows that whole theory out of the water.

i keep going back!  AND i keep ordering the SAME thing!  GAH!  the harvest....friggin' amazing, lemme tell you why:
1. they know how to cook eggplant.
2. they know how to make falafel.  like my indian friend from india who had his own restaurant called ananda's in the dells and i was a server there and basically could've been paid in falafel instead of money it was that good and i've sorta had this little empty place inside ever since it closed [deep breath, pause for nostalgic flashback].  i've tried lots of falafel in lots of places to try to fill that void and have failed.....until now.
I caught Banzo on the tail end of lunch hour during a recent trip to Madison and man am I happy I did. They were out of a lot of stuff (the sure sign of delicious food), but were so good-humored and adventurous about what kind of food they could give me and Corey D that I think I may have enjoyed the random ordering procedure even more than I would have had I just been ordering standardly.

What did I eat? A little bit of a lot of things... falafel, hummus, pita, chips, pickles, and an array of their made-from-scratch sauces. Considering I paid around 7 bucks for this tasty treat in a box I was definitely a happy camper.

The food + the happiness of the workers in the truck = a 5 star experience for me!
I have walked past the Banzo trailer for months without even knowing about the goodness that is the F-bomb. (I have to admit I thought they were selling those pork buns because their logo looks like that.) Finally, after reading tons of adoring reviews  I ordered the F-bomb pita with chicken. It 100% lived up to it's five-star reputation. The falafel was bursting with garlicky spice flavors and the cabbage added a nice, crunchy texture. I have to say that the falafel out-shined the chicken here. The chili sauce you can add yourself delivered a zingy kick and the tahini dill sauce cooled things down. It was a filling and convenient meal for $8.
F-bomb is my favorite. The meat patties are flavorful. They can be slow.....
A tasty and healthy option that delivers! 
If you live/work on the square, you should be eating here once a week...or daily.
Have eaten here many a time.  I used to get it delivered at my old job, and then recently was lucky enough to work only 1 block away.  Would visit once a week or so and get the Chicken Pita.  A great flavored grilled chicken, I ordered it with the whole wheat pita.  Topped with some cucumber sauce and hot garlic chili sauce makes it perfect.

Would highly recommend it!  Reasonably priced at $8 for a whole pita.
This five star rating is aimed at the delivery service, which seems to be overlooked and underrated. I've eaten both at the cart and the Sherman Ave. location and they would both rate a solid 4 stars, but delivery really is as good as it gets.

I've gotten Banzo delivered about a dozen times (ranging from 5 pm to 10 pm) and every time it's here in under half an hour. Not only is it quick but the food is always hot, the drinks cold, and the deliveryperson friendly. As a former delivery driver and someone who orders delivery often, I honestly don't know how it could get better.
This food cart is awesome! I typically am not a big fan of Mediterranean food but the falafels were so perfectly fried and the sauces perfect (my favorite is tahini), that this is one of the most perfect lunch choice at Library Mall. Everything is cooked to perfection, but I would definitely recommend getting the falafel rather than anything else, because seriously, the fried chickpeas is supremely perfect, with just the right amount of spices. Mmmm makes me hungry just thinking about it! I wish I were a student again so I can get this every week. Perfect for a quick lunch between classes/student jobs.
No long review needed. Just eat here. Now. Seriously. Are you eating falafel yet? Is it awesome? Are your fries perfectly crispy and delicious? Yep, I thought so.
Let me preface this by saying I have only ever ordered from their food card or delivery. And that I consistently hear good things about this place from people I know in the food industry. And they seem like really nice folks. And so please take this with that grain of salt. 

I've tried, Banzo. I really did. I want to like you. I hear you are great. But you keep letting me down. Did I do something wrong?  The falafel was rock hard and dry once, and burnt the next time. The tabouli was horribly unbalanced and swimming in oil. The tsatziki was bland, and the tahini was.. salty? I think I have caught these guys on bad days.  

But the staff is super nice, the prices are reasonable, and it smells amazing. I can tell my falafel would have been delicious if it was not stale/burnt. I think perhaps this is a gem where you should not order it delivery, and stick to the restaurant rather than the cart.
Went to the restaurant location on Sherman. Excellent falafel and hummus
The BEST falafel I have ever had. YUMMMMM. as mentioned in other reviews- perfectly crunchy on the outside and creamy and amazing on the inside.
Had the falafel w/ grilled eggplant in a pita sandwich which was also stuffed w/ a chopped salad and hummus and chips!
the pillowy soft, fresh pita comes all the way from Israel (frozen) then they bake it to make it fresh. fantastic.
My companion had the beef kabob plate- 4 big meatballs of spiced beef- served w/ hummus, chopped salad, tahini and fresh pita.
It was 11 degrees out when I got the falafel craving so we headed to the restaurant on Sherman Ave. What a nice surprise! A cute little bungalow, re-imagined as a cafe where you order in the front room and then head back to a nice warm room filled with about 10 tables. Very cozy and pleasant with a high ceiling and colorful art on the walls. Did I mention Warm? 
confession- I always get the baklava if it is on offer. Housemade and DELISH!! very cinnamony with perfect flakiness and lots of nuts.

I look forward to the spring and summer when I can get some of this food from one of their carts and take it to a sunny spot to enjoy. they also have a nice looking deck/patio at the sherman spot for when the snow melts. If it ever does.
In the maze and confusion of food carts on Library Mall, it is easy to get lost in deciding which one to check out. That is, until you look over and realize that twice as many people are crowded around Banzo as compared with the other food options....Banzo it is!

After looking over the menu briefly, I settled on the "F-Bomb", which is a whole wheat pita sandwich of 2 falafel balls, grilled chicken, chopped salad, yogurt sauce, and tahini. Boy. I chose wisely. 

The falafel had a great taste to it and was hearty on its own, but when combined with the grilled chicken this became quite the delicious meal. The chopped salad of sorts and the various sauces that are added in complimented the marriage of the flavorfully satisfying falafel and stick-to-your-ribs chicken. 

This is the kind of food that you will insatiably, randomly crave. You've been warned.
First allow me to share my falafel pedigree.  I hail from the Detroit area, which with approximately 200,000 people of Arab descent has the vibrant culture and cuisine that comes along with a large expat population.  Which is to say, when it comes to Mideastern food and Lebanese food in particular Detroit is something of a Mecca.  I grew over time to love this food dearly.  This is to say, I am a bonafide and unreconstructed falafel snob.

I haven't lived in Detroit since 2006 and everywhere I have lived since (Connecticut, Chicago, Madison) I am perpetually disappointed in the flavorless mush balls passed off as falafel.  These atrocities are presented by well meaning friends with great excitement upon discovering my love for the stuff, and I try my best to be polite while choking down the bland goo slathered with crappy hummus.

And thus had been my fate until last Friday when my wife and I happened upon Banzo.  This falafel is the real deal.  Freshly prepared with a hot and crispy exterior shell and a wonderfully textured center, they are seasoned just right.  There are many options for how to get them - in a pita, a hummus plate, etc, but just get them.  If you've had falafel at People's Bakery, Great Dane, or any of the other establishments in town - no disrespect to them - withhold judgement until you have tried Banzo.  This is the only legit falafel in town, probably the only legit falafel in the state.
Banzo falafel is good - no - excellent. Really freaking good. I am happy they exist and deliver. The tabouli was weird - like eating a mint plant. But back to the falafel, so good.
Oh, Banzo.  I raved about you after the first two times.  This carnivore did not miss the meat with that delicious, perfectly seasoned, crisp falafel paired with pickles and delicious sauces.  Perfect.

And then the last time... poorly seasoned, not crispy enough, just underwhelming overall.  Falafel needs to be very flavorful and crisp to avoid being a mushy ball of beans and that is what I felt like I was eating.  

Maybe the first two times were so good which made the last time so disappointing by comparison.  I don't know... maybe I will muster up the urge to go back.  Good prices and quality food.  I wanted to give them 3 stars but in fairness to the first two experiences, they get a 4.
I was expecting really delicious yummy falafel sand to be honest, I was disappointed.

It wasn't horrible but certainly not worth the $10 I paid. The pita bread was really good, soft and chewy. The falafel was nice and hot but lacked any sort of flavor. I could have used some salt but unfortunately didn't have any immediately close by  to spice up the meal. The sandwich was served with two sauces that didn't really complement the meal. 

However the young lady who took my order was nice and my meal was ready within a reasonable time. I think I will be on the hunt for a different falafel place the next time I am in Madison.
MMmmm!  Banzo aims to please and does so wonderfully!  Their cute little restaurant on Sherman Ave is adorable and now serves wine!  The owners are always coming up with exciting specials that always taste delicious.  The pita wraps are all tasty and very filling.
Easy review...  The f-bomb with chicken was awesomely tasty!  Perfect place for lunch!  Fast and friendly service.  I ordered the pita the other two in my group ordered platters and we all walked away satisfied.
If you haven't been to Banzo on Sherman, you definitely should check it out.  I usually get the Banzo or Harvest platter.  I prefer the platter over the pita sandwich because it's easier to maneuver.  The soups are also delicious.  The only thing I've found that I don't care for is the couscous tabouli, which is almost entirely made of coarsely-cut parsley.  The service is great, and the owners are extremely friendly!
Banzo is the best restaurant in Madison. I wish I could give it a sixth star. It isn't anything fancy, and the pitas stuffed with enormous falafel balls can almost be difficult to eat, but the experience is completely justified by how delicious everything tastes. You can tell they pride themselves on the fresh ingredients and authentic flavors. I probably eat here at least once or twice a month.
This is my new favorite restaurant for Mediterranean. I've been to the restaurant for both dinner and lunch, and both times were great. I went with a bunch of girlfriends for dinner a few weeks ago. I had the F-bomb platter for dinner and it was a LOT of food for not much $$. We were in and out in an hour, and there was NO conversation during dinner -- I think b/c everyone was so busy eating their yummy dinner. 

I had the Chicken hummus plate for lunch yesterday. Next time I'll go pita or platter -- anything that comes with falafel! I'm excited this place delivers to my house ... I'm posting the menu on my fridge for future reference.
Had an opportunity to dine in at the Sherman location on 3/13/14.

+ Same great menu as the cart, plus extras
+ Beer/wine served on the premises - very reasonable prices, good selection
+ Very friendly staff 
+ Food was every bit as excellent as ever before

Pro tip: you can make minor substitutions to the platters... I asked for extra chopped salad instead of the rice, and it wasn't any problem. 

+ Baba ganoush - wow
+ Grilled marinated chicken - superb. Excellent quality chicken & great flavor
+ Pitas - soft, pliable, delicious
+ Hummus - yummy; perfect texture

+ Atmosphere: very cozy, intimate, quiet, and excellent
+ Great value (2 plates, appetizer, and three drinks came to $35)

I was, am, and will remain, a true fan.
When I was in grad school, I used to frequent Mediterranean Cafe on State.  Their shwarma sandwiches are killer.  Anyway, they are only open for lunch, so working in Sun Prairie prevents me from getting there with any regularity these days.  

My fiance and I had heard about Banzo, so we gave it a whirl on Saturday.  A few things:

1. I had the F-Bomb and it did not disappoint.  Combo of falafel and chicken was well balanced and flavorful.
2.  We had a side order of pita and hummus.  Also very good.  
3.  We took our order to-go.  The service was snappy and we had some ice cold cucumber flavored water while we waited.  

This will definitely be a "go to" spot for us in the future!
I finally tried it!

The falafel is to die for, the hummus pretty good, and the salad/rice is standard. Overall, very affordable and tasty. I can tell why everyone loves it here.

I didn't love the eggplant; it was a bit greasy and tasted bitter.

The guy who rang me up was very helpful and friendly. I think it would be fun to stop back with friends and make a night of it. When I stopped by, I just grabbed lunch to go.

Definitely check it out. This place is a Madison staple. And vegetarian galore.
I've eaten at both their food cart and their restaurant, and you can't go wrong with either. Amazing. 

I recently ordered both The Schnitzel and The Chick, opting for a platter and a pita. I shared with someone, and it was plenty of food. Everything was absolutely delicious. I'd recommend getting the platter, because it comes with a good amount of extra food, including rice and hummus. Also, the falafel is fantastic!

This recent order was for delivery, and the person who brought my food was very nice. When I've dined at the actual restaurant, it's always been a pleasant experience. They have a nice space and the staff is friendly.

I've eaten at Banzo about a dozen times and it has always been amazing. Highly recommended!
I'm no falafel expert, but this is the best falafel I have ever had ever.  I'm not exaggerating and I'm not getting paid.  Crispy on the outside, flavorful, fresh flavor.  Not to mention the baba ganouj, the hummous.
I love this place- great hummus, falafel, and the eggplant in The Harvest is delicious. They have vegan options clearly labeled, which I always appreciate, and they even had vegan baklava this weekend! You can get your choice as either a sandwich, platter, or salad; I've had the sandwich in the past and this time I got the salad...which was good, but I liked the sandwich better (I think they even put thinly sliced fries into the sandwiches, mmmm). I definitely recommend The Harvest for the eggplant! Everything I've tried there is very good though, this place can certainly compete with other middle eastern food in the area.
Banzo has a location off Sherman but also puts a cart down on campus for lunch during the week.  Sometimes its on State but I have also seen it across from Computer Sciences near the geological sciences building.

Anyway, this food is awesome.  Never had anything here I don't like.  The platters are great for kids to share.

Wish they had more expansive hours.
I've eaten here about ten times since they opened on Sherman, and this was the first time they made a mistake on my order. It hardly mattered. The food is uniformly divine, and I cleaned my plate anyway.

The Chick platter is my go-to favorite. The chicken chunks are all meat, well flavored without a hint of greasiness, the saffron rice and lentils subtly spiced and comforting, the chopped salad with shredded cabbage, lettuce, diced tomato and cucumber with a light vinaigrette is refreshingly crisp, the pita bread crusty outside and tender within, and the butter-smooth hummus is simply off the chain delicious. Tzatziki and spicy hot pepper sauce are great add ins if that's your thing (it's my thing).

The beer selections are nice, and there are a million other soft drink options. You order at the counter, which keeps the price low. It's a small space, and was full when I arrived at 8 pm on Thursday night. However, I was soon (within 5 minutes) seated at a table for two in the corner, which was perfect. The lighting is low but not too low, music is a mix of Mediterranean and eclectic, and is kept at a medium/low volume, adding to the relaxing aura of the place.

Fresh, delicious healthy dinner, low price, friendly staff that doesn't hover. Doesn't get much better.
I stayed in Madison for over a week, and this was the first and THE BEST meal I had by far. My friend, who is a native to Madison, took me around to all the other famous places Wisconsinites like to eat, but I still kept asking to come back to Banzo. Even after my first visit, the food and the ambiance and the staff left quite an impression on me. The restaurant feels like you are eating in someone's home, the staff is friendly and helpful with first timers trying to figure out what to order, the food came out quickly, and we sat out on the porch and ate, the view and the weather were lovely.

I can't remember the name of what I ordered, but it's one of the most popular platters there according to the staff. The chicken was cooked nice and tender and everything was super flavorful! It came with two crispy falafel balls, not too dry...the best hummus I've ever tasted, nice and thick, I only wish they gave you more, I licked my little bowl clean! Even the SALAD was really flavorful, I'm not quite sure how they did that, and I never tried saffron rice before but it's amazing! Everything on my plate had it's own unique flavor, so that I could move around on my platter and not get bored of what I'm eating, and the portions were perfect, so that everything was good from beginning to end! Can't wait to visit Madison again just so I can eat here!
Where do I even begin?!  Other than to say they have the best hummus...EVER!  And the falafel is so tasty and delish.  Probably the best I have ever eaten too.  I've never gone to the outdoor cart but I have ordered quite a few times from the restaurant on Sherman Ave.  Every time the order is hot, fresh and tastes superb.  I've recruited a few people to try Bonzos and they love it now too!  If this place is not on your to-do list, it should be!  Come on...text your friends, tell them to meet you there. Go.  Do it.  Now.
The actual restaurant is adorable. It is a little out of the way, but a nice space with a beautiful patio. The service is no nonsense. But the good, oooooh the food. It is so good. Last time we went I had the Harvest, which was delicious. I wish the eggplant was a little less oily. However, they Definitely have the best hummus in town. The toppings really make the meal here. My husband had the Schnitzel which (unsurprisingly) is non-traditional but delicious.
I was so excited when this place opened! Banzo is my favorite food cart by far in downtown Madison, and the food here is no different from their amazing food cart meals! The falafel is amazing, either in platter or pita.
This place certainly does not disappoint. It is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. My favories include their Falafel, hummus, pita, and madras rice.  I'm not sure how they make their hummus, but it is so ridiculously creamy and addicting.
Best Mediterranean I've had in Madison so far. Get the F-Bomb, my personal favorite. Very unique Americanized versions of Mediterranean dishes. 

Love the location. Burrows Park right across Sherman - the quieter part of Sherman. And big ups on the patio. Can't say enough about a good patio. Good place to go for a cheap bite and relax!
Banzo has, hands down, the best falafel that I have ever eaten. It is light, perfectly crisp, freshly fried, and delivered with delicious tahini sauce. Their hummus is simply superior. If Banzo stuck to serving only products linked to its namesake (garbanzo beans) I would give this restaurant five stars without a thought. 

The Punchline: drop what you are doing and immediately go to Banzo and eat falafel and hummus. Now. It will change your life.

The Proviso: Banzo does attempt to reach out beyond falafel, with less success. Their eggplant is delicious, but sodden with oil. Equally, their chicken suffers from the same vice that plagues most chicken served in Madison: it is over-spiced, and over-cooked.  The chicken is edible, but regrettable. I have not eaten the beef kabob, so I have no opinion on this option. That being said, why would you eat any of this when you can eat the falafel and hummus?

Eat the falafel.
ASTOUNDING falafel. Just how my friend's mom used to make it. Perfect texture- not dry, crumbly, or hard. Moist and just right. Always leaves you wanting more- especially with the house hummus and sauces. The people are just as awesome as the food.
I really, really love this place. Owner, Netalee, learned to make hummus from her grandmother as a child in Israel. It's a two-day process and the end product is truly amazing.

I've traveled to Israel several times for work, and I've been able to eat some of the finest Mediterranean food you can find anywhere, and Banzo is on par with that. They take great pride in starting with fresh ingredients and not taking shortcuts. They also take pride in ensuring many of their offerings are vegetarian or vegan, and they don't have any processed foods in sight.

Whether you are at the food cart or the main restaurant, you cannot go wrong. The F-bomb pita with chicken on wheat never disappoints, and you get your falafel fix with the two that are included in the pita. The clever pita take-out box is great too!

We live in the neighborhood and have seen many restaurants try to make it in their space that is an old house. They've done a nice job with the space and we LOVE the patio. I was there at 1:00 today and it was hopping. So nice to see Netalee and Aaron putting down roots here.
If I lived in Madison, I would be eating at Banzo all the damn time. As it is, we found out about Banzo via an article in a Madison magazine, so it was merely by chance that we decided to seek it out when we returned home from Mt. Horeb. 

Banzo's concept is simple: you basically pick groups of ingredients (e.g., I ordered the Harvest, which contains falafel, roasted eggplant, and a few other things) and how  you want it prepared (pita sandwich, salad, hummus plate, or platter). My husband ordered the F-Bomb (delicious chicken) platter, and I ordered the platter as well with the Harvest. I also tried a side of their tabouli, the salmon/avocado soup, and we both got ice teas. 

Their iced tea is amazing, first of all. I have never had better iced tea. And the food was delicious: we really liked the rich tahini flavor of the hummus and the crisp but fresh texture of the falafel. In addition to the hummus, we both got salad and rice with the platter, and both were outstanding. The flavor of the rice was out of this world!

Their flavors were really unique -- the chicken my husband ordered had a taste that we really couldn't pin down, but it was a good taste. The same goes for the rice, which seemed to have turmeric or curry in it. My only complaint was that they did not use basmati rice but regular, short-grain rice, which seems odd for a restaurant serving Middle Eastern cuisine. 

We really enjoyed our meal at Banzo and can't wait to visit Madison so that we can eat there again!
I have been here twice in the last few weeks and really enjoyed the food and view the porch seating. They have nice little touches like adding cucumbers to the water. Excellent humus. I have tried the chicken kabobs and brisquit..both were a little salty, but the rest of the meal more than made up for it.
Okay, this is complicated, the food is amazing!
Mainly the hummus, falafel, pita, salad.

It is truly a great place, the best food in Madison.

Here's the problem with Banzo, inconsistency.

Yep, overall great, but on occasions, too many now, food which we order does not have the same recipe as usual, it's not a matter of being slightly off, it's a matter of tasting completely different than before, are they testing their recipes at random?
If so they need to stop it.
We go back to get the same awesome food every time it needs to taste the same, because that's how restaurants work, you have a winning recipe, you stick with it and never deviate, ffs.

This has happened 2 times with the chicken that comes in the F-Bomb.
Their usually awesome rice changes too, the balance of the spices are not right, this has happened 4 times.
The salad also sometimes is not right.
Falafel is sometimes overcooked
And finally sometimes we get the home-made potato chips and other times they are non-existent , about 50/50, seems like it's a bonus prize sometimes if you are especially deserving. But I thought it was supposed to be always included, oh well, bummer.

So that's all weird stuff, they have great products (food/recipes), they need to maintain their quality control, perhaps the people making the food (chefs?) aren't up to par?

Not sure, but we will go back and cross our fingers, if it wasn't for the fact that all the other food in Madison is pretty much crap, Banzo might not taste so awesome, not sure anymore, it's hard to judge in such a culinary void.

Come on Banzo we're rooting for you!
Usually not a big Mediterranean food lover.  Everyone makes it differently, some good some not so good.  Banzo however is a welcome surprise.  Tried the "F-bomb" plate.  We did both the chicken and the beef.  Comes w/2 falafel balls, rice, bread, hummus and a little dressing.   Seriously, the best!!  Very reasonable price, quickly served.  I preferred the beef just a bit more.  Well prepared-hummus was very very good.  Not garlicky or overpowering.  Selection of wine as well as some non-Mediterranean dishes are availble.  Atmosphere: its the Isthmus.  Free Wi-Fi, you have to get the password while I normally don't like that, I can understand not paying for the neighborhood to have free Wi-Fi and reserving it for your customers.  Inside and outside seating.

Great experience, value for money, will return again and again.
Fantastic felafel and hummus.  Generous portions and reasonably priced.  We will be back!
Let the Phoenix Food Truck Revolution begin!

Leading the pack in my opinion are the smiling folks in the Pizza People Food Truck..."Pie on the fly!" How awesome is that? 

From the homemade dough (YES...homemade or shall I say truckmade?...) to the passionate owners to the local, fresh ingredients to the gluten free and vegan options...this food truck is on a roll baby!

The thin, crispy yet pillowy dough and the tangy marinara with the local fresh basil...OMG...let's just say I devoured every bite. And with prices around $6 you just can't beat it! You can't beat it...but you most certainly can eat it!

I can't wait to see where Pizza People park their gorgeous truck...I just want to be first in line! I even have hired them to cater my business's holiday party! You should too!

Pizza People...you are my kinda people!
All I can say about Pizza People is, WOW!  Yummy pizza at a yummy price:D I never eat my crust, because it's usually never good enough. But it's all about the dough at this little food truck! They took their time in creating it and it shows! I especially love the names they chose for some of their pizzas, like "testosteroni" (spelling?) but it's a meat pizza made with a local favorite, Schreiner's fine sausage.I could of ate two, Incredible! They also have vegan options which is a great plus. And starting at $6 bucks a pizza, you can't beat it!  The owners of this food truck are Marybeth and Tim. A couple that is wonderfully friendly and inviting. I hope that you get a chance to check out their wonderful product and give them a great review!

Cheers!
Food Truck Fav right here!

I've been wanting to try Pizza People's Pizza for a while now.  I found out they were setting up at 180 Degree's Automotive and I figured if Bogi was hosting them then I needed to check them out!  I finally caught up with them at Local Fest.

Bogi was actually there helping them out and she told me that they were only sampling the regular pizza and the gluten free pizza was $8 but she assured me it was yummy!  First of all $8 for a 2 item gf crust pizza is a deal!  Secondly, Bogi said they were her some of her best friends in the world...and I trust her implicitly....so I ponied up my dollars and waited about six minutes.  I ordered my pie with pepperoni and fresh tomato.  I took it back to my table to share with my Mama (who is also gluten free) and we both said at about the same time: " Oh, my gosh this is really good!"   Something I've only said about twice since eating gf pizza!

The sauce is fresh, the dough was the best gf dough I've had to date and the toppings were just divine.  I need to put a GPS tracking unit on this truck so I can track it daily! (Oh, wait.........I can just check their facebook page!)  Yeah, I'd eat it daily!  It's that good!
If you see the Pizza People Food Truck, stop and get a pizza. Today, they were parked outside of the Coffee, Cookies, and Crafts event at Bragg's Pie Factory. Lucky us! 

I'm a personal fan of the Popeye and Fun Guy. The Popeye has spinach (obviously), basil, garlic, tomatoes and green onions. The Fun Guy has mushrooms (get it?! FUN GUY? Because mushrooms are fungi. You know, in the kingdom Fungi.) as well as arugula and basil. Plus, the pizza dough is freakin' fantastic. I could eat a pizza of crust. 

Also, there are vegan and gluten-free options. But don't panic, carnivores! Plenty of awesome meat choices too.

Guys, long story short, it's really good pizza. You'll wait no longer than 12 minutes for your pizza, and pay no more than $10 for your meal. That's $10 maximum. Really, you'll probably spend $7 or 8, and that's including a drink.
Finally, a fierce competitor in the Phoenix food truck frenzy! 

Pizza People make an awesome pizza!  Very impressed with their selection of toppings- you don't do dairy, they offer daiya cheese.  Don't do wheat, they have gluten free dough.  Everything is made to order and fresh.  No sitting under a heat lamp for hours- what a concept and it is delicious.

The owners are very helpful if it is your first visit.  They have great energy, the concept has great energy and experience is good energy.  (Which is very important while digesting.)

I will be returning soon!
Personal 8 inch pies starting at six bucks baked and served within 10 minutes of ordering?  What could be better than that?

I know - that they're simply delicious!  They must've raided the best produce from every farmer's market in the Valley to get that earthy musty tang into their fungi variety and garlicky tomatoey basily frisson in their margharita-like variety.  That was all I could eat the first time last night on Roosevelt Row.

I've gotta get on their list - so I can eat my way through all their mouth watering fare!
Just had Pizza People last night and it was beyond my expectations.  It's not just a good food truck, it's some of the best pizza I've had in Phoenix (and I'm a pizza snob).  I can't wait to have it again!   Everything about it was perfect...especially the crust and sauce! Good job guys and keep up the good work.
I've only eaten here once but I really liked the fact that they offered a pizza with truffle oil (mmmmm). I tried this place on Halloween so I was in costume (a cheerleader outfit). They were pulled up in front of 180 Automotive. The couple running it were so nice. They put out a step ladder for me to sit on since I was on my bike. Everyone else was eating in their car or back in their office. I thought the price was very fair for the size. I had mushrooms, white cheese and truffle oil. Good stuff. I would eat their again even if it means having to cycle there.
The short: Really good pizza with a crispy-chewy crust and fresh, solid ingredients--all out of a food truck! Awesome bang for your buck at about $8 for an 8-inch pie and friendly service.

The long: During downtown's First Friday Art Walk, we often snag dinner at the food trucks, usually opting for some delicious gourmet hot dogs. This month, Short Leash was absent, but Pizza People's giant dark green truck was in its place. While I was a little skeptical about getting a decent pizza out of a food truck (more specifically, the kind of oven you might be able to pack into a food truck), I need not have worried. While the 12-minute wait might have seemed long for food truck food, and while I'm no expert, the pizza was great and well worth the wait.

My boyfriend ordered the Popeye, featuring spinach, basil, garlic, tomatoes, and green onions. Luckily, they just happened to already have a Popeye, baked and boxed, and were willing to sell it to us at a discout if we were willing to buy it and wait for my pizza to bake. Of course we agreed, and we treated it as a first course while we waited for my custom sausage, green chilies, mushroom, and black olives pizza. The pizza was still nice and hot, but not so hot that we had to wait before digging in. 

The toppings were awesome--fresh and ample without overwhelming the pie. The cheese had just the right amounts of give and chew. The spinach was cooked, but not cooked to mush. And the true test of pizza, the crust, was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside, thick and structured enough to hold the toppings up without buckling under their weight. We devoured it, right down to and including the bones (the crust/cornicione), which I too often leave on the plate because it's usually just substandard bread. These bones were truly enjoyable. My pizza came out 12 minutes later, as promised. I personally should've laid back a little on toppings, and somehow, a sprinkling of basil chiffonade made it onto the pizza, but it was still good. However, the crust kept flopping, either because we didn't wait long enough for the pizza to cool or because it was just floppy crust. After the Popeye, I want to think it was because we should've waited just a little longer to dig in. I still really enjoyed it, though, and look forward to visiting the truck again--hopefully it will be a frequent vendor at First Fridays, Food Truck Friday, and Saturday at the Downtown Public Market!
The company that manages the office building I work in recently started having various food trucks in the parking lot at lunch 2 times a week. Today was Pizza People, several co-workers and I decided to give into the food truck sensation and give them a try and let me tell you, we all are sold.

They use fresh, local ingredients and everything is made to order..which means expect to wait about 10 minutes to get your food..not the everyday roach coach food either.  

I ordered the Popeye with the addition of bacon..OMG. This was probably one of the best pizzas I have eaten. The crust was everything it should be. Golden brown with a crispy but yet chewy crust that had that faint taste of yeast that I love. The only thing I could find wrong with my pie was that after several minutes it started to get soggy on the thinner pieces of crust. I really wish that ricotta cheese was a topping option too.

My only regret is that I didn't pay the extra $1.50 and combo it up with a small chopped salad & a drink..next time my friends, next time.
Saw them at an apt. parking lot on Grove Pkwy in Tempe (they show up there on Tuesdays), and gave them a try.  First time I tried them had one of their specials, which had jalepenos and green chilis.  What I was impressed with is how light and crispy their crust is,  with a bit of chewiness to it.  The sauce had a good tomatoey tang to it, and the cheese was a really good quality fresh mozzerella (not greasy but had a nice cheesy saltiness to it.   Fresh jalepenos and green chilis gave it a nice kick.  The fresh basil was also a nice touch. Overall just a high quality pizza.  And I'm super picky with my pizza, probably don't like 90% of the ones out there.   Second time I went to them,  had the Popey,  which had garlic, cherry tomatoes.  and garlic.  Another winner.  Pizza People makes some of best pizza in Phonix.  And the owners are super down to earth and nice as well.  I also had a side salad on my 2nd visit,  which for $1.50 was a steal.  Fresh mixed greens with a balsomic vinigarette.  The onions were a bit thick for me though  (I like mine sliced super thin).   I will definately try to go a couple of time a month for my pizza fix.
I was stalking the Pizza People Food Truck all week to get a couple passes to Street Eats on Saturday and finally found the truck on my side of town. Drove over to 48th St & University around 1145am and there was already a line formed. Perused the menu board and honed in on the Popeye - spinach, garlic, mozzarella, and tomato sauce. MaryBeth was busy taking orders and taking pies out of the oven. She is very efficient and quick and had a smile for each customer. I had my pie in 10 minutes or so. I could smell the aromas thru the sturdy cardboard box while she handed me two passes (thanks, MaryBeth!). As I was driving back to the office, the smell overtook me and I couldn't wait and carefully removed a slice while I was rushing back over the highway - she pre-sliced the pie too! Gooey yummy mozzarella and the spinach was fresh, as well as the garlic pieces and tomato chunks. The crust was perfect - crisp on the bottom and pillowy crisp on the edges. Sooooooo good.
I ran off into the night, hair flying, hands clutching both sides of the paper plate. I'd ordered from Pizza People before; my date had not. Ideally, I'd never let him. 

The perfectly crisp gluten-free crust, vegan cheese that tasted like rich white cheddar & mozzarella (rather than vomit), and the delicious smattering of mushrooms and basil adorning that personal pizza had won my heart long before he could, and that is how it was destined to stay. After giving up dairy and gluten, all that was left of a pizza was the tomato sauce. Somehow, I was enjoying a pizza, sans tomato sauce, dietary restrictions in tact!

Crouched behind a graffiti'd wall, I ravaged that pizza with a passion reserved only for the glory that emerges from the Pizza People truck.
The most scrumptious pizza I have ever tasted out of a truck; and it beats many traditional pizza restaurants as well. I tried the "Hottie" this past Friday at Food Truck Friday. Although the serrano peppers and jalapenos were not as spicy as I expected, the sausage, crust and cheese were deeelicious. Yum, I'm drooling just thinking about it. 

Can't wait til the next Food Truck Friday. Now if only my stomach were big enough for Pizza People AND Short Leash Dog, I'd be a very happy gal!
Tried the Testosteroni on gluten-free crust ($2 upcharge) today. While the toppings were good, I was really disappointed by the crust. It was crumbly and the underside was peppered in burnt dust. Blech. I have 3/4 of a pizza left and I will probably just end up tossing it. Not worth the calories. Next time, I'm going to stick with the original crust.
This is some seriously good pizza. I had it a couple week ago at food truck friday and it was just delicious. Like going to a fancy shmancy pizza place, but only like 8$....can't beat that! I got the popeye (?), the one with spinach, garlic, tomato, basil, and deliciousness. It was just wonderful...I will definitely be back here...yum!
Yum to The Yum for my Tum Tum Tum!!! (da-dum)  ( OK, that was corny. )

But the pizza here is anything but corny.

Had the "Hottie" and it was very tasty.  Best pizza I've ever had off a truck, by far. (wink wink)

Chewy, perfectly-done crust and all the ingredients tasted fresh and flavorful.

The one critique I would make is that the crust gets a little thin in the middle and "sogs up" a little before the end.  But that did not take away from the overall taste - this is a very good pizza under any grading system. 

I will definitely hit this place again.  I was lucky to see them Tweet their location today and have it be just a few blocks from my workplace.
Finally checked them out! Loved that they were by Shadys. Schooners meats ...eight inch for 6 bucks with two toppings! The Side salad is amazing at a buck fifty!
I bought in on the whole gourmet food truck trend and had been to Food Truck Fridays a few times, but I gotta be honest that I was skeptical of pizza from a truck. I'm also not afraid to admit when I'm wrong, and I was very wrong in this case. The pizza wasn't just good for a truck. It was just damn good. Great thin crispy crust and lots of different, fresh toppings. Will definitely be back
Kind of a cluster..  I stood next to the girl for over 15 min and she still ended up giving my pizza to some other asian girl.  Seriously??  So she chases her down and I get my pizza with some random girl's thumbprint on one section of my pizza.  Great.

That aside, I can see why this truck gets such high marks.  The crust is crisp yet chewy.  It actually kind of reminds me of Totino's pizza rolls because of the crust, sausage and general flavor of the whole thing.  Even the reddish grease.  I love pizza rolls..

I would like to see nutritional info.  If its not as terrible for you as TPR I will probably stalk this truck all over town.
Pizza with homemade crust - baked to order in 8 minutes...in a food truck!?!?!?  
INSANE!!!

I was initially reluctant to try Pizza People one Sunday when we went to 4peaks tasting room.  I figured, these people are doing pizza in a truck.  That has to spell disaster in your mouth.  OH WAS I WRONG!

J, Baby C, and I went to the Phoenix Public market last Wednesday night to partake in some tasty goodness from the food trucks.  J had had Pizza People at Food Truck Friday the week prior and suggested I give them a go.  I caved after he said it met his seal of approval.  

The crust is chewy, which I LOVE!!  You can either make your own pizza from their list of toppings or choose one of their pizza creations.  I was not in a meat kinda mood - J wants meat at every meal.  lol  The guy at the window said we could do a half and half - AWESOME!  

My half I had spinach, feta, and tomato.   J's half...I don't even remember..cause I was all about my half!  Only thing I would ask them to do next time is cook the pizza for maybe 2 minutes longer - The pizza crust had that limpness to it in the middle.  I like a super done crust.  :)  

Would I go back to Pizza People?  Heckkkkk Yes!
Pizza People is really good. I've tried their pizzas a few times and they're consistent. The pizzas is ready quickly and their prices are super reasonable. I like how they also cater to dietary issues and don't skimp on ingredients. They offer lactose free and vegan options that taste great! Also, the staff is fantastic, super friendly and helpful.
$7.00 for a "create your own" pizza? Yes please.

This is the only truck I havent tried that comes to the ASU Food Truck Block Party. I never see a line there, so I was helped almost immediately. I ordered my pie (the guy was super nice) and waited. About 15 minutes later, I had my pizza to-go.

I chose the standard crust, and cheese and added Italian sausage, green peppers, and onions. The pie had a nice crust w/ bubbles (which I love). The ingredients blended nicely, and I was quite pleased w/ my creation (even the next day). My one small complaint is that the bottom of my pizza was about half burned.

I would absolutely recommend trying this truck. Like I said, theres never a lone when they come to the block party at ASU- TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT!!
More than I ever care to admit, I can be quite the creature of habit.  That being said my go to here is their Testosteroni Pizza on their Gluten Free crust.  A mixture of local sausage, pepperoni, onions fresh basil, sauce, cheese on the thin crisp and slightly sweet gluten-free...wooah baby!

Their regular crust is also fabulous perfectly thin, with just enough crust on the edges, to not want to leave any uneaten.  

They also offer vegan and vegetarian options as well.  Not bad for a Food Truck, much less one serving Pizza!   You can design your own or pick from a short list of Specialty Combinations.  Ranging from $7 to $10 based on toppings or crust choices on average, you can not go wrong with ordering fresh made to order pizza from a Food Truck!
I was worried because I am friends with the Pizza People.  And I love pizza.  And it is hard to find good pizza.  I mean I am impossible to satisfy.  So when I finally came to visit in Arizona I was worried.  What if it wasn't any good?  What would I say? Would I lie?  Yes, I would definitely lie. But I didn't want to lie.  I wanted their pizza to be good.

As it turns out, it didn't really matter.  The pizza was awesome.  I mean really really awesome.  It was a relief. But also a let-down because I was only in town for the weekend and then I had to go home again and now I can't eat this pizza.  I miss it.  I might miss it more than I miss my friends.  

Now I have a new dilemma.  I want to go back to Arizona, but only to eat more of their pizza.  Do I lie and tell them I am there to see them and just hope they give me some pizza?
If I could give Pizza People 25 stars, I would! 

I love that they consistently carry Daiya vegan cheese, their crust and sauce is vegan to begin with, and they have gluten-free vegan crust as an option, too!! For someone who can really struggle at a pizza place at times, Pizza People makes it so easy.

The Popeye with vegan cheese is my favorite (simple fresh basil, spinach, tomato, garlic) but the Fun Guy (cremini mushrooms, drizzle of truffle oil, garlic and arugula) is a close second. 

I would follow this food truck across town and have. I hear they are getting a brick and mortar place on Central.. I CANNOT WAIT!!!
Oh you know just the usual pizza on a food truck. Amazingly the pizza cooked on a truck is really good. A great day enjoying a pizza out doors during break. Will be coming here again
They are moving to ground at the old Cheuvront's! September 23!
Pizza People Pub is pretty awesome and has a great location in downtown Phoenix.  At Tour de Coops, I had seen their food truck, and my co worker ordered a pizza.  It looked really good that I knew I had to make a trip to the pub!

The day before Thanksgiving, me and Judy F. had a Thanksgiving Eve dinner at the pub.  Very inviting atmosphere with unique informal seating areas as well as outside seating is available.  A little cold outside right now, but can't wait when it's a bit warmer in the evening to sit outside.

I ordered the AZ Jackass, similar to a Moscow Mule.  Pretty tasty and it was a dollar off for happy hour!!  I could not resist ordering a mini mac!  It was so tasty with a crispy top and warm creamy middle.  My pizza had pepperoni and mushrooms and was a 10" pizza which I devoured all of it!  The crust was really really good.  However, they make it, it's probably the best that I've had in awhile, seriously!
I heart this place!!!!  M and I had pre-Thanksgiving dinner here.  Causal, hip, and nice people.  The mini mac was good.  My testosteroni was GOOD!  Can't wait to come back.  Oh, the service was great too!
We hired Pizza People to work our wedding and they did a great job! They were 1 of three trucks and everyone raved about them all night. They were so great to work with and the staff on the day of me wedding was friendly and served everything quickly. They even hooked us up with leftovers at the end of the night! It was great! Thanks again Pizza People!
Was not impressed with the pizza.the Dell was raw very undercooked it was just an OK sauce nothing to rave about.. I come from a long line of pizza makers and i know good pizza when I taste it.. this wasn't close to being good very disappointed
The hubster and I didn't get a chance to try this truck at the ill-fated Street Eats Food Truck Festival. Alas, we were destined to part of the crowd that went hungry, unsatisfied and without feeling in our legs after standing in a line for 3.5 hours only to get to try ONE truck. So thank the stars that aligned and brought us to a local event this past Sunday where Lunch Libre was parked and...behold...there wasn't a line a mile deep! 

We immediately placed our order before our luck could change and managed to try their potato/chile quesadilla and their chicken torta sandwich. We are sooooo glad we got a second chance to try this food truck! Hubby and I were both super impressed with how fresh and flavorful the salsa and veggies tasted. They really added to the quesadilla and sandwich instead of being simple filler. After polishing off my entire quesadilla in a few giant bites, I told my husband that I could see myself craving this again...translation: we MUST begin stalking LL asap.

The bonus to this truck is how nice the owners are. They were super friendly and really made you feel like you were enjoying a home made meal. The pride in their food was obvious and contributed to our overall experience. We can't wait to try more menu items!
Luncha Libre catered my business event last evening (2/7). The food, the service, and the presentation was most excellent. My expectations were exceeded. This was a VIP event and PR was a premium for me. Luncha Libre was the hit of the evening and seemed to be a natural extension of who we represent ourselves to be.

The building management has some fairly strict policies for caterers; no problem for Lunch Libre. They are totally professional not only up front, but back behind the scenes where attention to details can make or break a deal. These people were on their "A" game the whole way.

I highly recommend Luncha Libre and we will be calling upon them again for all of our future catered events.
I have had the sheer luck of being able to enjoy Luncha Libra on many different occasions. I have to tell you their food and service is OUTSTANDING! I have been known to drive downtown from Anthem just to get these tasty morsels across my lips! 
There is always a tasty variety of things to choose from, and the menu changes daily. Ohh, almost forgot...portion size is great! These guys will really spice things up for you too, just ask! 
Long story short, try them!!! There is no way you will walk away disappointed!
It's not often I say this about any food.... but Luncha Libre blows me away every time. Everything I get is a new party in my mouth. Every bite is an explosion of bliss.  I know this sounds dramatic, like I'm going over the top here. Try it, I guarantee you will have the same experience. If you like it mild, it's great, but these guys turn up the heat with some of their salsas, so ask for it to burn! Luncha Libre is awesome, check them out!
I have had the sheer luck of being able to enjoy Luncha Libra on many different occasions. I have to tell you their food and service is OUTSTANDING! I have been known to drive downtown from Anthem just to get these tasty morsels across my lips! 
There is always a tasty variety of things to choose from, and the menu changes daily. Ohh, almost forgot...portion size is great! These guys will really spice things up for you too, just ask! 
Long story short, try them!!! There is no way you will walk away disappointed!
I love this food truck.  The chorizo they serve is amongst the best I've had.  I took my boyfriend to the truck - he was a skeptic about how good and amazing food can be from a truck - now he's a convert.  Treat yourself and eat anything they have on their menu... it's worth it.  YUM!!!
Luncha Libre was one of the three food trucks available for good eats at the Adult's Night Out/Play Date at the Children's Museum.  I tried the Koreadilla ($9.50), a beef bulgolgi quesadilla with fresh jalapeno, shredded cabbage, and jack cheese.  It came with a side of salsa and chips.  The tortilla was nicely toasted.  The meat was nice and tender, and had a good amount of sauce covering it.  The sauce itself tasted too much of Hoisin sauce rather than Korean bulgolgi though, and the salsa, while cool and refreshing, was a bit bland and very mild to me.  

It took about 10 minutes for the quesadilla to be made, and there was a steady stream of customers ordering.  As for drinks, they offer a selection of sodas and water ($1 for soda).  I'd like to try more Mexican creations from them again, but probably not the Korean style items (I've been spoiled by the awesome Korean/Mexican food at KoMex Restaurant in Las Vegas).
The best food truck around! Amazingly delicious quesadillas; mouth-watering agua frescas; and by far some of the best salsa I've ever had. It's fire roasted and when paired with their freshly made chips, it's heaven.

Best part about this food truck? They're very active on social so if you give suggestions or feedback, they'll acknowledge you. They made horchata on request for me and gave me a free jar. They now know me and my coworkers by name. 

Great service and even better food.
The toasty perfection of the tortilla is what sets Luncha Libre's 'dillas apart from the rest. I had the Carne Asada 'dilla and the tort was a little charred, a little sweet and was imparted with all the flavors from the grill.   I would buy a side order of grill toasted tortilla chips if it was an option. I also had the orange blossom tea and was given a large mason jar to keep and return for refills and a buck off my future visits. Now how good is that?!

Mondays: Lunch at Luhr's (Alley) - Downtown Phoenix
Yum!
A girlfriend and I planned a lunch date for Tuesday. Not too sure where we were meeting, but I noticed she commented on Luncha Libre's facebook page that morning. They were set to be across the street from her office, so we decided that would be a perfect little lunch.
She ordered the papaverde (potato and green chile) quesadilla and I had the grilled chicken - with the plan to share so we could try both. 
We both inhaled our food so quickly we forgot the sharing plan! She said hers was fantastic, and I am enamored with the citrus marinated chicken.
Portions were a bit smaller than I was expecting for the $8.50, but the quality is definitely there!
I also ordered the honey vanilla iced tea (served in mason jar for $4.00, but with $1.00 off if I bring the jar back for refills) - it was subtle and delicious!

Definitely a nice add to the food truck scene - I look forward to trying more of their offerings!
Mmmmmm quesadilla...........

Tried these guys at the ASU food truck block party. So delicious. I couldt decide between the deliciousness I got or another item, but since the girl taking my order (super nice) proclaimed that said deliciousness is her fave item they serve, I had to try it. Potatoes...in a quesadilla? She honestly couldve just told me that and I wouldve still been sold.

My friend, however, got the chefs secret special... holy god was it good. Totaly worth what he paid for it.

Cant wait til next Wed when I can try the chefs secret special for myself along w/ one of their Luncha-ritas!
Ohhhhh   Yeeeeeahhhhh!  Now we are talking!!   For me when I am hungry and unsure what to eat at home I turn to making a trusty quesadilla.  Warm, crispy, cheesy goodness that satisfies my hunger.   
But there are times I do crave something more and Luncha Libre does that for me.  It fills a need, comforts me in a moment of indecision and feeds my hunger.  Crispy tortillas filled with a variety of creative flavor combinations of meats, cheese and veggies.  [I have also seen hamburgers on their menu but I have yet to try them.]   

My favorite go to is their Papa y Verde.  Warm [Hot] nicely fried potatoes with cheese and green chile.  Comfort food goodness.  

They also have these amazing drinks in various flavors.  Some are like the traditional Agua Fresca you would find at a Mexican restaurant and others more sophisticated like mint green tea.    The coolest part (depending on how you look at it) is they are served in a cool reusable multi-purpose class canning jar.  I use them when they get home but for some carrying around a jar around 1st Friday after you have finished your drink can be a bit of a 'burden' .

They are a great balance of  simple complexity and complex simplicity.

Luncha does not disappoint.
This is the second time I eat here, the first time was surprisingly delicious, and this time, the food kept its momentum, it was also delicious. 
I didn't get a chance to try the Papa+Verde, which seems to be very popular because after waiting in line for a long time, when I finally was able to put in my order, they had run out, so I went with the Alejandro The Great Quesadilla, which was Gyro beef, Kalamata Olives, Feta & melting cheese. Was really yummy, and also got the Mango/Peach I believe in the mason jar. The drink was pretty expensive at $4 each, but you get to keep the huge jar, and can bring it back next time for a $1 refill, not bad!!
  Will be back to try the Papas-Verdes!!
Had the pleasure of trying Luncha Libre today at the Coronado home tour. I admit I was skeptical. I mean, it's a quesadilla. Tortilla and stuff in it. Had it hundred of time after living in Houston all my life and now Phoenix. Well done Luncha Libre. Well done! The tortilla was perfectly crispy, everything was held together nicely. It wasn't that sloppy-everything-falls-out-in1-bite quesadilla. Flavors were great. I had the Marco Pollo (clever name) - which was a chicken quesadilla, pico de gallo, and hoisin sauce. Thus the clever Marco Polo pun of Asian fusion. I added a little sriracha and more cilantro in mine and it was perfection! The balance of spicy of sriracha and pico de gallo, the sweetness of the hoisin, and plentiful amount of chicken to entertain my taste buds. Simply great trucking food!
Mac Daddy Quesadilla is Da BOMB!!  Omg I will eat this every time they have it.  Please don't change anything it's perfect just the way it is.
Ohhhh Luncha Libre, I love all of the wonderful, greasy, gluttonous goodness that comes out of your food truck! The food combinations are unique and delicious, with some items having a bit of a Latin/Asian fusion. The guys inside are usually incredibly busy but they're always friendly and fast. The salsa has a good kick to it and the chips are freshly made. 

I am always happy when I see Luncha Libre around. And I'm always happier after I eat there.
My experience of eating from Luncha Libre was memorable yet foggy ...

I was at a beer festival at Heritage Square last December. After a few hours of countless free beer tastings I was walking sideways and chatting up way too many strangers. My husband went on a mission to find something other than beer to fill my belly.

He comes back with a paper tray and said "Here. Vegetarian quesadillas." I took a bite. 'Angels singing' ... then the heat creeped up. I started devouring it. My friends came over and started tearing pieces off like the rude, ravenous hyenas they are. I turned and ran for cover behind an abandoned beer tent and finished off my quesadillas in a dark corner. Really it was reminiscent of that "Nature " show on PBS. I polished them off and then proceeded to lick my fingers. By the time my husband found me I was in a happy belly trance.

So yes, I will seek Luncha Libra for some more of their delicious food. If they let me after that very un-ladylike behavior...
This is the second food truck I've tried since the craze hit Phoenix and I still just don't get it. 
Now, the food was great (I got the Pot Head[?] Quesadilla - cheese, potatoes, spinach, green hatch chilis but sans pico for me, and it came with chips and salsa) and the service was friendly but it was a bit overpriced ($8 for single tortilla folded in half and a small handful of chips) for the amount of food and ingredients (including a meat in it would have made it worth it, perhaps, but that was for another $1). I give them credit for the great tortilla and chips, obviously home made as it was fresh and moist, and including plenty of cheese - plus being able to pay with my card instead of relying on cash -, but I wouldn't try it again. 
I was sad they didn't have the lemonade in mason jars they're supposedly famous for since this was at the Four Peaks 16th anniversary party - I asked and she said no because there's beer. I realise I was at an event for a brewery but that doesn't necessarily mean I'm drinking.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this food truck!  I have been many times, the Arizona Cheesecake is one of my favorites and it a delicious spicy cheese steak sandwich.  I have also had the Vietnamese taco's which were amazing, the steak and bleu and the Thai'd up.  Everything is so good, it is hard to decide what I want anytime I go.  The drinks are super as well.  Fresh and tasty, so good on a hot summer day!  I recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something delicious, because you will not be disappointed!
My husband and I first tried this food truck while at Urban Cookies, and now .... we log on at least weekly to see where we can follow them to. Ya, it can be a little pricey, but soooo worth it. And the luncharitas are amazing!
Ok, I finally got food from Luncha Libre and it was phenemonal, one of the best hamburgers I've had in my life! It was cooked and seasoned perfectly, great quality of meat, fantastic toppings, and it was a great size.

The Luncharitas are one of my favorite things on earth and if I could only drink 1 thing for the rest of my life those would be what I choose.
Sooo good. I wish they'd stop circling so close to my work, because it takes a lot of restraint not to get it every week.  Both the Steak and Bleu and All Thai'd Up are amazing.  Yeah, it's a bit pricey given the portions, but it's absolutely worth it.  Plus, with one of their huge drinks (all the teas are phenomenal), I have never finished a meal and still felt hungry.  Plus if you return your mason jar, you get $1 off the next meal.

They can get thru a long line pretty quickly, but be prepared for a bit of a wait if you go in the middle of their slot. I find I usually beat the lunch rush right when they arrive.

Catch them at Urban Cookie for a great cupcake afterward!
Oh man.

I almost wish Luncha Libre was at a non-mobile location so I could visit anytime I wanted.  The luncharitas are refreshing, and I love that you can keep the mason jar afterwards.

I have dreams of the Papa Verde quesadilla.  Dreams.

The Luncha Libre Food Truck is worth visiting even on a 110+ degree day.  You can also follow their Facebook page for new food items!
[Sigh]

I had to share my meal. 

I'm an idiot. 
(But if you know me you already knew that. But seriously -  Never give up the FORK POWER!)

Luncha Libra was at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan. I'm going to keep an ear to the ground to see where these kids are around town. GOOD STUFF!

All Thai'D Up" (Ha!)
Consisted of citrus marinated chicken, serranos, onions (no one needs to kiss me, food is involved! carry on), jack cheese and sweet thai chile sauce. When there's a feeding frenzy going on it isn't pretty. (Hey, the FOOD WAS GOOD!)

When asked if "regular" was ok we nodded. "Eh?" Turns out that "spicy" really would have been a kick in the pants. And this is from the kid who grew up sucking on Taco Bell extra hot packets. And the adult who has an established relationship with Sriracha.

(Listen, I have a very myopic view on life: Food/booze, the gym, fashion and beauty products. Women understand. Spice goes well with food. These guys totally have the hot market cornered!)

Biting into the Quesadilla was a delightful mix of textures and flavors. The tortilla was thicker than I expected and had a slight crunch to the outside. (None of the expected goopy mushiness that can happen with so many other quesadillas.) The chicken had been grilled and I can't do justice to describe how wonderful the taste was. Which really just means YOU SHOULD EAT THIS. 

Yeah, pretty much. I'm sitting here trying to articulate how great my eating experience was. Words fail right now. I should have whipped out my Yelp pen. But NO. I was too busy STUFFING MY FACE. Yeah. That.

Oh! Drinks are really good. They have some fancy sounding drinks (which I can't find on their menu) that come in a mason jar. The Guava something - Hoh My. YUM!

High Five for This Food Truck!
I had the Thai chicken quesadilla for lunch.  It was everything I expected and more!  Delicious crispy tortilla on the outside and warm melty cheese with plenty of chicken and onions inside.  The only thing I didn't like that much was that the Thai sauce was a little too sweet.  I really loved the salsa they served on the side, and the chips were great too although a tad too thick for my liking.  I am full and happy now.
Yum! What drew me in far and away were the beautiful luncharitas in all of their tasty looking splendor! I couldn't stand watching everyone drinking them all around me and not try one of my own. They are as delicious a they look and you won't be disappointed. Their All Thai'd Up quesadilla is to die for! Anything with thai sweet chili sauce is OK by me! And their churros are delectable as well. I only gave them 4 stars for a couple of reasons. I wasn't particularly impressed with their Steak and Blue quesadilla, it seemed a bit bland when I had it. Their menu is pricey! 4 dollars for a drink is a lot. Yes I know you get a glass, but what if you don't want it. You should be able to walk back and get your dollar back that day, not a promise of a credit on your next one. Lastly the line can be absolutely atrocious. Now I know it's hard to hate because they are so popular, but it seems there might be a more efficient way to manage the line. Maybe a line just for luncharitas, so those wanting only drinks didn't have to wait in the full food line. Just an idea. All in all I love this place, love supporting local business, and eating yummy food! COME TO THE WEST VALLEY!
Finally broke down and tried Luncha Libre at this past Saturday's Food Truck Caravan in Scottsdale.  

What the hell have I been waiting for!? 

I had the Steak and Blue - Cause 2 of my loves are STEAK and moldy cheese goodness.  J and the Thai'D Up, which he said was nice and spicy.

A little bit on the pricey side for the portion, but you'll wont go hungry after eating 1 quesadilla.  Had a strawberry banana Luncharita...which was super tasty!  Pretty nifty putting them in glass mason jars.  And I hear tell that if you bring the mason jar back, you'll get $1 off your next visit!  

I think we'll return
Now I know I just wrote a review of L.L. last week, but we went to the P.P.M. last night and had L.L. again.  

Update from 4 to now 5 stars.  
Why?  Because of a few things which I'm going to list right now:

1 - Integrity.
We brought our 2 mason jars back last night and were due to get a $1 off each  Luncharita.  We had asked, and the guy confirmed that it was $1 if you brought a jar back.  We sat the jars down on the table and thought nothing of it, thinking we'd get our discount.  Well I guess we didn't. When we ordered, he asked if I wanted a receipt, but I said it wasn't necessary.  The guy noticed the jars on the table when I went up to get our food and said.."Wow, I completely forgot to give you your $2 off for the jars."  He handed J 2 $1.00 bills after he helped me walk our food to the table.     

2 - Benevolence. 
While we were up at the table deciding on our order, I noticed a flier on the table.  They're donating a portion of August's sales to the Hey Joe family (cant remember the husband/wife's names) to help out with their medical costs.  Hey Joe's wife was just diagnosed with cancer.   

There truly is a great camaraderie among some of the food trucks owner/operators.    

Our order last night - 2 Luncharitas, 1 Steak and Blue (super awesome), and 1 Papas con Chorizo (super awesome with great flavor/seasoning).  

If you haven't tried Luncha Libre yet...you should be beaten.. with a tortilla.
Great Food Truck Friday experience at Luncha Libre! I had the Steak and Bleu which came with a side of chips and homemade salsa. It was delicious! Definitely interested in trying other menu items...
Had the Steak and bleu Quesadilla today, absolutely phenomenal!!!!!!! Tortilla home made and fantastic, inside filling to die for! Chips and salsa delicious!!!!!!! SOOOOOO Glad I had this for lunch!!!!! Definitely eating their food again!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lunche Libre ! You now found a new stalker ! I was fortunate enough to live near two schools they stopped off at the past two weeks. Both times I had the Steak and Blue quesadilla. The Carne Asada was delicious and the combination of everything in it was perfect. I've had the Aqua Frescas in the past and they are a must.
Today I had THE BEST lunch experience ever!  I had the Steak and Bleu Quesadilla along with a Mango Coconut Luncharita. Homemade chips and pico are included.  It was very satisfying and VERY filling!  All was made by Tim Cobb and his crew at Luncha Libre Gourmet Food Truck.  Those working at the truck are funny, and yet very professional at the same time. I have been to this truck a couple of prior times.  Usually I whimp out and get a plain cheese quesadilla.  I am glad today I decided to go for it and try something different!!  Their service is always quick and quality is always 100% As a matter of fact today, my food looked so good that someone stopped me and asked me where I got my lunch!  Awesome job, Tim and crew!  Quality people making quality food. That's what you get at Luncha Libre Gourmet Food Truck!!  I now have a new favorite place to eat!
EDIT ok whats the deal here, you guys all afraid of food trucks for some reason? This was some of the best quesadillas I have ever had! You guys are seriously missing out if your cutting out food trucks ... Granted I dont go hunt them down, but Im always game to try em out when the opportunity presents itself!

This truck was brought in by our work. I had the "all thai'd up" along with the orange blossom luncharita. Both were phenomenal! Good big portion, a bit of spice to make you sniff, and some sweet honey to mellow it out. Definately would order again!!
Love at first bite! Papa Verde de mi corazon! 
Translation: Green Potato (not dad, lol) of my heart! 

I've been stalking this food truck for a while via their location texts (you can sign up for them on their website) & had yet to be close enough to give them a try.... UNTIL I went to the Science Center and BAM!! There they were, just waiting for me :D

When in doubt, I ask for recommendations. The guy taking my order told me his favorite quesadilla was the Papa Verde with chicken. So I said "I'll take that!". To tell you the truth, it looked like a common quesadilla in it's little box, but ohhhhh, sirree!!! It was anything but common! It was a burst of flavor with every bite & the potato and green chile sauce really made it awesome! 

They had run out of Horchata, which I REALLY wanted to try, so I got the limeade. It was yummy! Fresh with just the right amount of sweet and tart. I also really like that it came in a mason jar :)
Luncha Libre is my usual stop for Food Truck Friday. I can't get enough of their Steak and Bleu quesadilla: Carne Asada and Bleu cheese with chips and salsa? SO DAMN good!

They have other varieties as well including the All Thai'd Up, which is chicken with an Asian twist. Sounds good but as far as I'm concerned, if it ain't broke don't fix it. I'll stick with my Steak and Bleu, thank you very much.

LOVE YOU GUYS!
First of all, I'm not a fan of the price for a small/easy quesadilla.  I am a fan of the potatoes and green chile quesadilla I had because I think the combo and smell was really great.  I ordered thinking it was going to be some type of gooey green sauce, but instead it's like grilled sliced potatoes and strips of green chile and pico de gallo mix (onions/tomatoe).  As soon as I opened the little box it smelled so yummy!

I also had the orange/mango drink which tasted like kool-aid or some type of powder mix....I guess it thought it would be like a fresh ingredients type of drink with a little pulp or something..  Anyhow, the glass it comes in is really big and can be used to store other things.  From reading other reviews I understand if you take it back you get a $1 off your next order?  I would never had known that because no one told me when I ordered it :(

$12 dollars total for lunch...and I picked up 3 cupcakes from Urban Cookies! Yummy...  Apparently if you follow them on Facebook sometimes they give you a code word or something to get a free cupcake!
Went tonight during CCV's Neon Dash. Food was awesome, as usual. Staff was plentiful, friendly, and attentive.  Had my usual...... Steak and Bleu with chips. Also had a churro this time. It was more than enough to eat!  Leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Son had Carnae Asada and a churro. Mango Lemonades for both of us. Thanks Tim, Kim, and crew for a great time!
So we were wondering around First Friday last night 2/7/2014, and our 8 year old decided he was starving.  Tucked in behind a couple of galleries was the Luncha Libre truck.  The menu looked enticing and we were not let down.  I had the Steak & Bleu Quesadilla and it was absolutely delicious. My husband had Alejandro The Great and it to was yummy.  Our son had a chicken and cheese that he devoured. The quesadillas all came with a side of homemade chips and salsa that were much better than most you would find in a resturant  We also tried the homemade drinks of a black iced tea, a peach iced tea and a lemonade.  All of the drinks were served in large Mason Jars with the lid on.  Talk about a totally unique food experience.  We thought the pricing was pretty fair for the portion size that we got. From the gentleman taking our order who was friendly and had a great sense of humor to the amazing chef inside.  We totally loved our experience and may have to start stalking this truck.
I started my love of food trucks with Luncha Libre. On a random visit to Urban Cookies I noticed there was a food truck that had a luchador painted on the side. Being Mexican, I was instantly curious. So I grabbed a quesadilla. I was in heaven. It was delicious. The salsa was perfect and the quesadilla was just the right size for lunch. I even grabbed one of their luncharitas. Also delicious. I'm lucky to live nearby a few of their stops so I try to stop whenever possible, although these days fewer times than I'd like thanks to my waistline. If my pants allowed it, I think I could eat at their truck everyday. I should confess, that quesadillas are one of my favorite foods, but even then, luncha libre's are the best. Their staff is always super friendly and they get you your food fairly quickly. My favorite is the their steak and blue but my husband swears by their hamburgers. Be warned, these might induce a nap/coma. They're big and delicious. You can follow them on facebook, twitter, and instagram to learn their stops for the day.
Kind of expensive. The drinks are fun and good. The food was good. Fresh salsa and chips and very flavorful quesadillas. Fairly quick service and very friendly.
Have been following these guys for awhile now on Twitter getting ready for our upcoming, now over :( vacation to Phoenix. Lucky for us we were in town for the Scottsdale Art Festival and their usual Friday stop on 7th Street in Phoenix at Urban Cookies. The months of anticipation DID NOT disappoint upon our arrival at the truck. Along with myself, my wife and kids were AMAZED by the flavor and overall size of these Quesadillas!! We tried Steak and Blue and their weekly special which was the Carne Asada I do believe along with the chips and the Luncharitas in both Horchata and Mango Pineapple, all which made for a GREAT GREAT lunch! There was a line of people which was great to see for the LL Crew and a good majority brought back their Lucharita mason jars as you get $1.00 off on your next drink when you trade in you old jar for a new one, a great way to keep the people coming, and boy that they were, the line 12-15 people deep! And most importantly the staff...they are great!! Which makes it even better...we can't wait to see them again on our next trip. If your ever in OH-IO let us know :) Thanks again and thanks for remembering our Anniversary!!
We had our first (and definitely not our last) experience with Luncha Libre at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest this past Thursday. Today is Sunday and we plan on going back to the Foodie Fest just to grab another meal from Luncha Libre.

Some people think a gluten allergy is a myth, a junk allergy. I've had this allergy for many years, possibly starting when I was a baby, and it wasn't until recently that people took this allergy seriously. The guys at Luncha Libre didn't treat me like I was a pain in the butt (even though this allergy can be a pain in the butt for any restaurant/food truck), and they made me feel completely comfortable eating their food. 

They only offered two dishes at the fest, and the one I could eat was angus beef mixed with chorizo and jalepenos, drizzled in maple syrup and served with tortilla chips since I could not eat the Tres Leches bun. However, my husband could eat the bun, and he looked like he was in pure heaven eating that burger. I enjoyed their salsa as well. At first it wasn't spicy, but then it crept up on you and hit a mini punch.

I love good customer service and someone who doesn't make me feel like I'm a hassle, especially since I wish I wasn't one with my allergy. The next time they're at Foodie Fest or I am in AZ, I will definitely find them so I can try the other items on their scrumptious menu. Go here, get something that you can't get anywhere else right now. Salty, sweet and a little bit of spice makes your tastebuds sing, I promise! You'll love it!
In the Lee's Discount Liquor Parking lot, a lone food truck sits. No, not Hanshiktaco, they've sadly  closed. Roamin' Dough is it's replacement. Roamin' Dough serves up pocket pies, fried dough pockets filled with yummy meats and cheeses, along with toasted ravioli, Parmesan fries, and other goodies. I tried the beef and cheddar pocket pie today. It was pretty simple, beef, cheddar, onions and red peppers, inside the pocket, but it was DAMN good. I'll be back for more, since it's near my house, and let you know what the other pockets are like when I try them.
Update: Just had a chance to try out the panzarotti (pepperoni, cheese) and the bacon wrapped dates.. The panzarotti was oh so yummy. And the the bacon wrapped dates are like heaven.  Actually, they accidently overcooked my first order, so they gave me extra dates when they remade it. Happiness!
It's pretty rare that I rush home and type up a review  immediately after eating but I feel compelled to after eating at Roamin' Dough. Sadly Hanshiktaco is no more but luckily it was bought by some damn good(and friendly!) cooks.

The idea of a "pocket pie" just sounded strange to me because I immediately though hot pocket(YUCK!). Roamin' Dough actually serves up what can be considered the sick, twisted love child of a calzone and a hot pocket. Warm, flaky crust packed to the edges with tasty meats and veggies. I had the southwestern pocket pie and it was really interesting. The Avocado cilantro dipping sauce was the real star of the whole meal and brought every flavor together perfectly.

Dan R. wasn't kidding about those dates either. Holy crap it's like I went to Firefly heaven! I was reserving judgement because Firefly dates are my unhealthy obsession but this place hit the nail on the head. Not to mention there were around 10-12 dates in my container compared to the 4-5 you get at Firefly. 

Roamin' Dough truly has a good chance at becoming the next big thing in Food Trucks and I truly hope they take the ball and run with it. Can't wait to try another pie!
The red stationary truck in the Lee's parking lot has gotten a makeover, a new owner, and now serves delicious "trailer made pocket pies". I picked up a Panzarotti (pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato) and a Southwest (chipotle chicken, green chili, corn, black beans and cheese) and both were still piping hot when we got home.  It was a little greasy, but what do you expect from some fried dough goodness. The fillings were plenty and the dipping sauces were the perfect compliment.  I actually found myself saying "Mmmmmm" after my first bite. And the second.  And the third.  

I also ordered the bacon wrapped dates and they were the perfect combo of sweet and salty.  The blue cheese crumbles also had me begging for more.  I'm so glad it is in my neighborhood because you can bet I will be back again to not only get my fix of bacon wrapped dates, but to try the other delicious dough creations. They are also wallet friendly- only $5 per pocket pie.
Just picked up the bacon wrapped dates and their last pulled pork pocket. One word "Delicious!". The dates are filled with a smoked almond which add a great flavor/texture. The pulled pork has a nice tang to it. Highly recommend trying this place!
Alright, I'm bumping this up to 5 stars after going back at least 3-4 times in the past few weeks and receiving nothing but the most amazing pocket pie concoctions and over the top customer service.

I mentioned a twitter promotion they were offering and how I was upset I couldn't partake in it and the owner gave me the promotion no questions asked. I really wasn't expecting that and it is service like that that will have me coming back time after time. Throw in incredible daily specials and there is always something new to try which keeps the foodie in me happy. Keep up the amazing work!
Found this thru the yelp blast that went out today.  Read some reviews and headed over.  Delicious, the pastry was light enough to taste great, but firm enough to hold the meat.  I will be back, especially because they have a semi permanent spot. Don't forget the bacon and blue cheese dates - so good.
I was able to check out Roamin' Dough at Tommy Rocker's this past Saturday. There was a selection of food trucks to choose from, Roamin' Dough caught my eyes because they offered up bacon wrapped dates. 

My pal Jaime W. ordered the dates (and some fries but I didn't try those) and was willing to share with me, so I ordered  the Panzarotti, which is like a pepperoni hot pocket only WAY better. Neither order took very long and both the dates and the pocket came out super hot.

The pocket was ok, it was jam packed with pepperoni and lots of yummy, melty mozzarella cheese. I waited a little too long to eat all of it and it ended up getting a bit soggy on the bottom.  The dates on the other hand were fantastic, anytime I see Roamin' Dough out and about I am going to get an order of them for sure.

If you are a fan of the bacon wrapped dates at Firefly, you should check out Roamin' Dough, chances are you'll be a fan of their dates too!.
Holy crap this truck/trailer/potentially mobile food service entity is GOOD!  I tried the cordon bleu pocket and the bacon wrapped dates.  The bacon wrapped dates rival Firefly's . . . and from a truck!  But the pocket stole the show. Only $5, huge, and oh so tasty.  Creamy sauce with generous chunks of ham and pulled chicken.  

I think the cordon bleu pocket is a special.  But if the other pockets are even close. . . holy crap.  I'll be here every chance I get.  The side of the trailer says they serve breakfast, too.  Score!
Not the kind of food I expect or want to eat out of a truck in a parking lot.  To me, trucks are about burgers and tacos.  Some of the best versions I've had have come from trucks.  What I don't want is a bacon-wrapped date, fries, and a chicken cordon bleu hot pocket.

Hint to food trucks...  do one thing really well.  Don't be everything to everybody.  Do great hot dogs or burgers or doughnuts or ice cream or tacos, but not all of them.
I'm hooked, and thanks to Roamin' Dough, I will never look at a hotpocket or any pocket pie the same way again! If specialty filled dim sum buns are your thing, then I promise you my friend, that specialty pocket pies will ALSO be your thing. 

I ordered the Panzarotti, Trailer fries, St. Louis Toasted Ravioli, and the Bacon wrapped Dates. 

o0o...the dates! the dates! Those are my favorite. Although its not a pocket pie, I'd still have to say that their dates are my fave. It's a sweet taste thanks to the smoked almonds, and the blue cheese crumbles cancels out the sweet flavor so that its not too sweet. The nice bacon crunch also made it a good combination. I'll never have another stuffed date again unless it's with their sweet wine reduction, smoked almonds, blue cheese crumble, and wrapped in bacon.

Panzarotti, its huge! it's very filling, and much like a pizza hotpocket just with that nice extra doughy crunch to it. If you're looking for a quick snack, this would be a good choice. It's like a mini calzone. They split it in half for you so you can go halvsies with a friend! 

Trailer fries are addicting! The herbs and Parmesan cheese make it go great with your Panzarotti. Thanks to the seasoning, the fries don't taste boring at all. 

St. Louis Toasted Ravioli is like the pizza pocket pie, but just a mini version. if you get the ravioli, I'd suggest ordering a pocket pie that doesn't consist of marinara or any similar tasting to pizza or ravioli to widen your variety and taste buds.

Service was wonderful. They were so friendly and accomodating to my requests. I'll be back for more. Thanks Roamin' Dough!
LOVE Roamin' Dough!  Tried their vegan southwestern pocket served with chipotle sauce ~ to die for!  Hopefully they keep the vegan option but think they will since it's becoming requested for.  They are all over town.  Follow them on Facebook or Twitter!
Don't know why it took us so long to try Roamin' Dough, but I'm glad we finally did!
They happened to be at the Gourmet Food Truck Block Party this weekend, and Wifey
thought that the Southwestern pocket pie sounded delicious, so we got one of those along with an order of Bacon Wrapped Dates.

WOW! Nothing but good flavors and textures in the filling paired with the dough which seems like a cross between a very flaky pie crust and puff pastry-SO TASTY!!!

Looking for a hot date? You can find 'em here! These bacon wrapped bad boys pack such a flavor combination that you can't eat just one! Roamin' Dough's version definitely
ranks up there(I think it surpasses them) with Twin Creek's and Firefly's ones.

Definitely worth a visit if you haven't tried them yet...ALOHA!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(277/365) "Pocket Pies...The NEW Hot Pocket!"
Finally checked this place out, as it's only a couple blocks from work. As a fan of delicious flavor, I'm sorry I didn't try sooner.

In a nutshell: Tasty, tasty hot pockets / empanadas.

What I tried:
1 turkey, bacon, cheese, and caramelized jalapeno pocket pie with a side of mango chutney; great flavor, very nice bit of heat from the jalapenos, and the chutney was a great flavor counterbalance.

1 southwestern pocket pie: chipotle chicken with cheese, green chile, sweet corn, and black beans, with a side of cilantro avocado cream sauce; not spicy, but more flavorful than the turkey/bacon one. Very filling.

1 side order of mexi-fries: fries with chili, lime, and parmesan flavor, covered in sweet corn relish; decent flavor, but a little too sweet/tart for my liking.

The pastry pockets themselves were hot, crispy, flaky, and chewy. I ordered too much food, because I wanted to try a few different flavors, and each pocket is quite large - think a bit smaller than a large calzone. Luckily, I brought them back to work and was able to share with some coworkers.

Bottom line: Great pastry, great fillings, great price (~$5 each). Will definitely come back, and definitely want to try their bacon-wrapped dates next time. Gave it 4/5 because I think I'd have to try other items on the menu to see how they compare, and because the mexi-fries were only average.
Just tried Roamin' Dough for the 1st time today at the First Food Truck Smackdown.

The two ladies in charge of the food truck were extremely nice. They explained the entire menu, even though we were there for a sample. I loved their menu but promised myself I would only do the sample to keep a fair and open mind. 

They gave us two of their bacon wrapped dates, sprinkled with feta cheese and drizzled with sweet vinegary sauce. Not liking dates, I tried them anyway. Always giving the benefit of the doubt. Sadly I was not a fan, it was very sweet but i still can agree it was full of flavor. Sweet AND salty. 

The customer service was great and they gave my daughter a cute blue pin wheel to have. I cant wait to come back and update with their famous pockets!
Roamin' Dough is normally located in the parking lot of the Lee's Liquor near our home. I have been wanting to try them for some time, but every time I think about checking it out they are closed. Even during what is supposed to be their normal hours.

I finally had the chance to check them out at the food truck smackdown. They were serving bacon wrapped dates. I don't really like dates, but these were the real deal. A touch sweet for my tastes, but definitely way better than anything I expected off a food truck.

I can't wait to try their other offerings. Just hope I catch them open some time.
Delish!
A friend and I went to First Friday and ended up at Roamin' Dough for dinner. It was awesome! We had been looking for Haulin' Balls, but they weren't there, so of course we had to try the Meatball Sack (hehe, Beavis, she said ball sack.) That was one tasty ball! Ok, seriously, the meatball was really flavorful and wrapped in a yummy dough and came with marinara sauce on the side. The star dish had to be the fries, though! They were so good, fried perfectly, and covered in herbs and parmesan cheese. We also had the cilantro avocado dipping sauce for the fries...amazeballs! The price was also good...$10 for 2 people. Give them a try!
Here is the breakdown for Roamin's Dough when I had it a few days ago:

FOOD:
Panzarotti (Pepperoni with smoked mozzarella and Parmesan) - taste like a bland pizza stuffed in a flat piece of dough that was super greasy. 

Buffalo Chicken Pie (Spicy chicken, celery, green onion, and spicy buffalo sauce) - This was the better tasting item if I had to choose if you put a gun to my head.  Amazingly this pie was greasier then the Panzarotti and you can feel the oil coating your mouth.  

The taste of the chicken was a lot better then the pepperoni but if you were to look at the exterior (without cutting the pie open) they look exactly the same - flat, greased up, limp, and definitely nothing like the photos on their website lol

SERVICE:
Thankfully I didnt ordered from them directly since if their service was as good as the food I would probably put negative 1 star.
Roamin' Dough is definitely going down as one of my favorite food trucks I've tasted.

I've heard my friends talk about this truck and how much I have to try their pockets. I saw them and gave in to the southwest pie. The $7 I paid for it was worth it. The pie was beyond what I expected. The dough of the pie was soft and every bite had flavor.

Waiting for the food wasn't a problem either. Compared to other food trucks that take awhile to cook their food, Roamin' Dough didn't take that long. It was probably a maximum of 10 minutes, and if it does take longer I would not mind.
So I haven't been able to find these guys on Yelp, so I'm adding them.  They are all over the Phoenix valley from the standard Food Truck nights down at the Phoenix Public Market to what seems like weekly food truck events popping up in Scottsdale, Mesa, Chandler...you name it.

I first tried them about a month ago on a Wednesday night at the Phoenix Public Market.  Wrapped with the guy a bit of how crazy the Scottsdale Street Eats was and that we got tired of battling for parking and turned away.  But I was glad I finally got to plate up.

Did it simple and just picked up a huge pork bbq sandwich smothered in coleslaw.  There was no way to eat this thing with my hands.  Luckily it is served with handy to-go fork and I sat down to dig in.  Massive sandwich for less than $8 and worth every penny.

Track them down at any of the events in the valley.  There is another Food Truck Festival tonight at the Phoenix Public Market if you're looking to track them down. Or find them on Twitter http://twitter.com/QupBBQ
Tried their food last night at First Fridays, and I'll definitely be seeking them out again in the future. 

I got the BBQ nachos, and my boyfriend got the tacos. The nachos were incredible. Served on the heartiest tortilla chips I've ever had, which prevented any soggy nacho situations from happening. They had big, delicious chunks of tomatoes, and no shortage of pulled pork & cheese. The tacos were also delicious. They have the southwest slaw on them, which I definitely think I'll be ordering as a side next time I visit. 

Extremely friendly people working, great food, cheap prices. What more could I ask for? Highly recommend.
Been meaning to try this food truck ever since spotting it at the ill-fated Street Eats Food Truck Festival at Salt River Fields back in January 2012. Alas, long lines and a thousands of other hungy people conspired to keep me apart from Q Up Barbeque. This is why I was thrilled to see them at the New Times Friday Food Truck Court (at 12th Street and Jefferson in Phoenix) for lunch.

I tried the BBQ shrimp tacos, which were flavorful and rustic, tucked into slightly charred corn tortillas (2 for $7). I also picked up an item to share with my lunch companion, whom I had sent on a mission to procure Japanese/Mexican fusion tacos (see my review for Shinobu Diego's). That item was the BBQ Pork nachos, which included slow-cooked pork served over house-made (or truck-made, as was the case here) tortillas.

I consider Q Up BBQ a great addition to the Phoenix food truck landscape and will look for them again at future outings for tasty grub.
I love me some food truck fare and Q Up Barbeque did not disappoint! They were one of four food trucks waiting to feed hungry runners at the end of a race downtown Phx and once we saw BBQ shrimp tacos on the menu we knew which line to stand in for our post-race pigout.

We ordered the shrimp tacos (of course) and the shredded pork nachos. Both were outstanding. The shrimp was in a spicy BBq sauce and topped with a sweet, cool slaw that was a nice contrast to the hot sauce. The tortillas were nice and fresh.

The nachos were huge and exceptionally good. The chips were made from actual tortillas, not just some Tostitos chips out of a bag. The portion of shredded pork was plentiful and the nacho cheese sauce was actually a nice touch. You'd think it would make then funky but it totally worked. Grab a fork though, these nachos are messy. In a good way!

The only bummer is that it's a food truck so we can't go back and get more whenever we want! I will be on the lookout for this truck at future events for sure so I can get my nacho fix!
The management company that manages the office building I work in has been arranging for a different food truck to come out during lunch hours the last couple of weeks. I have tried them all and haven't been disappointed yet..and today wasn't an exception.

We started out with samples of brisket and pulled pork topped with slaw. I have to say the brisket was one of the best I have ever, ever had. It was juicy and tender with a hint of smoke, just the way I like it. The sauce was sweet & spicy. The slaw on the pork was fresh with the addition of sweet red peppers and green onions, the dressing had a little bit of a kick. 

Torn, I opted for the pulled pork nachos, the thought and concept was a little foreign to me at first but they intrigued me. Where to start. The thick corn chips were freshly fried, nothing bagged about these chips. The cheese sauce was pretty standard gooey cheese. The pork was flavorful and the fresh tomato chucks and green onions where a nice touch. My only complaint was that they had a little too much BBQ sauce on them for my liking. The chips stayed crisp and firm even the ones on the bottom. Highly recommend.

A co-worker had the pulled pork sandwich combo. The sandwich was served on a fresh hot dog style bun, which we found a little odd, but after much thought we came to the conclusion that if the sandwich would have been on a regular round roll it would not have been so easy to eat. It came with seasoned fries, which she said more than likely came frozen and could have been left in the fryer just a touch longer. She enjoyed the meat & slaw and said she would order it again.

Another co-worker had the 2 pork tacos. Basically the same as the sandwich only served on 2 awesome homemade corn tortillas. She loved it. We all loved our meals and  the value was great, the food was flavorful and plentiful. My $7 nacho easily could have fed 2 people.

Next time I have to have that brisket. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Q-UP. And I have to say when the family & I are in the mood for BBQ I am going to have to go out of my way hunt them down.
The bbq nachos are delicious!
I've had a couple different varieties, one pork and one chicken. Each time the nachos were LOADED with really delicious toppings and a generous amount of well cooked meat. I've yet to try anything other than nachos from this truck, but if everything else is as good as they are, I would have no problem calling this place one of my favorite food trucks!
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS GUY BEFORE.

A couple of my coworkers invited me to walk down the block to check out a food truck that had arranged to be in the neighborhood today and let's say I am glad I went.

Q-UP does everything homemade and it is all amazing. The owner was extremely polite and friendly; and I ordered the BBQ Nachos and a side of the Macaroni.

The macaroni had homemade cheese and was full of big chunks of smoked bacon. The owner suggested putting some of their BBQ sauce on it too, which was definitely good advice. 

This was the best mac and cheese I have ever had.

Then came the nachos, handmade chips with pulled pork, nacho cheese, tomatoes, green onions, and topped with their homemade sauce.

I've never had a plate of nachos more heavenly. 

I don't know if BBQ sauce makes everything better or if it's just this guy's. He does tacos too, but I wasn't able to try them today...next time.

My buddies and I ordered some of the smoked sausage though as an aftertought with their mustard BBQ sauce, and he gave us a sample of the brisket to try as well.

I am elated with the quality, I've never been big on street food before, but I am a believer now.

The best part? It's priced right. The mac and nachos together cost me ten bucks even, and the nachos were a nice big portion. He takes plastic also, so don't sweat the cash thing. For a food truck in the days of $5+ hot dogs, a ten spot goes a long way at Q-Up, I was impressed.

If this guy is in your neighborhood, make the trip. I was told he announces where he'll be on Twitter so you can stalk him, I mean, follow him.

Great stuff!
Q Up is the bomb I need to say no more.  

Today two of my coworkers and I went to check the Q out as the truck was about a block away from our office.  

The Food:
Pulled Pork Nachos:  Homemade tortilla chips, fresh smoked pulled pork, nacho cheese, green onions, tomatoes, and homemade BBQ sauce.  

Bacon Mac and Cheese:  It describes itself all homemade and smoked and then we topped it off with homemade BBQ sauce.  WOOOOOOOOOW it was delicious.  

We also sampled smoked sausage and brisket both with a mustard bbq sauce and both were stellar.  

This guy is LEGIT he makes killer fusion food that will leave you so full because you can't stop eating it's so good.  

Follow him on twitter to find where he will be: @QupBBQ
Well not much to update here it's still damn good and it's only been 5 days since last visit.  

Today I had:
Pulled Pork Sandwich with Southwest Slaw and mustard bbq sauce.  It was amazing the slaw alone was outstanding but then pile it on top of a mound of smoked pork goodness and top it all off with tangy sweet sauce and you got yourself a winner.  

I also had a side of bacon mac and cheese obviously it is a must and it was just as amazing as last week.  

Best thing is he is going to be by my job in two days with fresh brisket : ) I can't wait.
I am saving a star.. It could have been the sun stroke or just that it was new to me but the pulled pork was a little mushy. The flavor was there, the sauce was great... hmmm just something not perfect. 

Speaking of perfect... get the mac n cheese with bacon... that was good. 

I did sample some brisket.. maybe I need to go that route. It was very good.
Mmmmm, Finally hit the food truck gathering and tried this place. I am a fan. I had the bbq pulled pork sandwich and the mac and cheese bites. Yummy. The pors was not dry and covered in bbq sauce like most places to it. It was juicy and tender. The mac and cheese bites were yummo as well, Totally a fan. I would have this place again.
This is not your typical food truck but a barbecue heaven on wheels!
My favorite food truck in AZ. Love the loaded nachos, love the bacon green chile mac. I'm grateful we can have such amazing food on wheels!
Originally, I was going to try another food truck last Wed at the ASU food truck party (mostly because I was wearing white and white clothes + BBQ dont entirely mix), but when I saw Q Up's tweet about their special of the day, I was in.

I had the special (smoked potato and bacon soup) and the mac and cheese. The soup was sooo good. I couldnt really taste the smoke, but the cheese and scallions added some delicious layers of flavor. The mac and cheese was kind of a disappointment, but like any mac and cheese lover, Im willing to give it another shot.

Im excited to actually try their BBQ next time (update to come)!
Good option for lunch, but not my favorite barbeque (although I'm from TX so the standard is high). I ordered the two meat plate for $10 which came with pulled pork, brisket, and choice of side. I picked mac and cheese for my side and loved it, it had a tiny biy of a spicy kick to it. Brisket was juicy and the right amount of fatty, althoguh I did get one end piece which was dry. The pulled pork was my least favorite part of the meal. I would definitely try this place again.

This food truck parks in front of the Dept of Corrections building on Washington St. on Tuesdays and sometimes Thursdays.
This is better than any food truck I've ever eaten at, and most BBQ restaurants for that matter! In addition to the sandwiches, loaded nachos, etc. they offer straight up plates of meat with sides. I'm a big fan of the plates because I don't really care about the bun. I've yet to find a side that isn't totally delicious. Even the coleslaw tastes great, and I usually hate coleslaw!

The people here are super friendly and attentive. In the months I've been going I've never once seen them mess up an order! 

When you see these guys around, get excited. It's amazing and cheap local BBQ!
Whenever I see this food truck, I always think how delicious some BBQ would be. They have tantalizing options such as meat plates, grilled cheese, and nachos. Well, I finally got to try it at the Food Truck Pork Battle a few months back. I'm glad I finally did just to sate my curiosity! The pulled pork and BBQ sauce were good - not my favorite but still tasty (Campfire Bistro is my current fav). I think the sauce could have used more of a kick or smokey flavor. My meal came with one side, so I chose the bacony mac and cheese. Everyone else seemed to be enjoying the mac and cheese, but not me. It had penne noodles that were too thick and didn't hold the cheese well. The cheese sauce was also a bit thin. Overall, it seemed like it had been made in a large batch and had been sitting out under a heat lamp for a while. 

Overall, it wasn't my favorite. I might try it again, since I see them so often, but who knows. Everyone else seems to really enjoy it, so I'll just have to try something different next time!
Q Up makes exceptionally tasty BBQ. Their Gangsta Grilled Cheese has become my Wednesday go-to: it's a sloppy, barely-containable mess of brisket, melted cheese, their great homemade BBQ sauce, and their homemade mac 'n cheese, all served up on a great sourdough.

Their hand-cut fries are a perfect addition (though their tortilla chips are really great too) and I'm finding it nearly impossible to pull myself away from Q Up to any of the other food trucks. 

The wait is never that bad, even with a bit of a line, and you never go away hungry. Q Up isn't just "good as food trucks go." It's absolutely fantastic BBQ, great sauce, great meat, and insanely flavorful, if a bit damaging to the heart and waistline...
Fantastic!! I really like the barbeque sauce - not too tangy with just the right amount of sweetness. The pulled pork is fantastic - and when I pulled myself away from it - the beef was equally good! The portions are generous and the people who run the truck are always pleasant and accommodating.
All you need to know about this truck: MAC N' CHEESE!!! Bacon, cheese...what more can you ask for!

I had the opportunity to try this truck at the Las Vegas Foodiefest, amazing! The food was delicious and the staff was so nice! I am so glad they made the trek up from Phoenix. We definitely can't wait to have them back in Vegas soon!

nom nomm!
Tried Q Up at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest.  We got the Gansta Grilled Cheese and our friends got the BBQ Nachos.  Both were really good.  The Gansta Grilled Cheese was brisket, bacon mac and cheese, and bbq sauce on grilled sourdough.  Super yummy, messy goodness.  Service was fast and friendly.  Will def hit this truck up when in Phoenix.
Had the pleasure of trying this food truck at the Las Vegas FoodieFest. There wasn't a long line, the food came out quickly and the staff was friendly. That as well as their Gangsta Grilled Cheese (grilled cheese with barbecued brisket, bacon and Mac and cheese!) had me there twice. If I ever see them around again I certainly will be getting another!
I just ate from Q Up Barbeque for the first time and I loved the quality and amount of food they had on the Three Meat Platter.  The Bacony Mac N Cheese was delicious and their BBQ sauce is definitely one of my favorites.  I'll be keeping an eye on this truck as they move to different events in the valley so I can try some of their other items.
WOW!

I love this Food Truck!  Devin & Cat are everything you hope to encounter when walking up to a food truck for the first time.  A real 'small business', eat local type feel and the warmth you would expect from a family run business.

On to the food:

I have only eaten 1 item from Q Up...  and as far as I am concerned it could be the last thing I ever eat in my life!  This sandwich is RIDICULOUS...

The Gangsta Grilled Cheese could quite possibly be the best sandwich ever created.  It includes ingredients like BBQ, Mac & Cheese, and Sourdough.  Need I say more?  Anyone who doesn't like this meal is crazy!  Also worth mentioning that the BBQ alone is top notch.  The sauce is perfectly balanced and the meat is so tender and delicious I think it might be made from unicorns.

I could go on and on about how much I like the experience from Q Up but am getting hungry and they are not out right now...

I am a bit of a Food Truck Junkie and tend to be a bit critical... Q Up Passed with flying colors.  Keep up the good work!
WOWZERS! This truck was parked in front of the State Capitol downtown Phoenix where i work and MY OH MY!! iI had the gangsta Grilled Cheese Sandwich which was pretty gangsta! Brisket, melted cheese, and mac and cheese on sourdough bread. I didn't want the sandwich to end it was SO good. Highly recommend Q Up. Service was fast and SUPER friendly. Thank you!
I'm going to have savory, sloppy, naughty dreams about those nachos. I had them for lunch yesterday and it's all I can think about.
YUM, YUM, YUM! We hired Q-up for our wedding and they did an AMAZING job. The Gangsta Grilled Cheese was the best thing I have ever eaten. Seriously SO good! Devon is so sweet and was a joy to work with! People were raving all night about the BBQ. I can not thank the crew enough for all of their hard work. I am hoping they make their way to Portland next summer :)
This truck was parked outside my office yesterday so I went to check it out. I got the Gangsta Grilled cheese. I've got to say, it was delicious! I though it could use more meat; I only had a little piece in my whole grilled cheese but the flavors were fantastic. Nice work.
Visited the phoenix public market - open air market - farmers market they have on saturday mornings and decided to give mojo bowl a try! They are at the market for food truck fridays also. Check out their website for their usual schedule. They can take cash or credit (with square).

I tried their strawberry banana smoothie and my wife had the Funky Monkey (peanut butter / chocolate blend). They were both great quality with fresh ingrediants. They serve salads, yogurt parfaits, and soup also (which I didn't try) but Ive heard their smoothies was where they shine and they did not dissapoint. Give them a try, at $5.00 for a 24 oz smoothie, you can't really complain about the price - its basically a meal itself.
Me: Scott, mix me up my usual and make it dirty.

Scott: Sure thing Dolores one Green Monster with blueberries added headed your way. 

I make a meal (generally Saturday brunch or Wednesday dinner) out of one of many of the Smoothies Scott offers up at Mojo Bowl. He also offers my 1st love Shaved Ice in many natural flavors as well as lush green salads, warm soup and don't forget a chocolate covered frozen banana or a greek yogurt granola parfait for dessert.  

Scott prides himself on providing quality nutritious options and exceptional customer service.  He definitely gives his VitaMix blender a good work out. 

You are always sure to get a warm smile and a tasty nutritious meal or snack here. Not to mention the funky ol' school grooves he usually has going keeping the mood light & lively wherever he roams.
My daughter and I have had the pleasure of trying almost all of the smoothie varieties Mojo Bowl offers. Each one was delicious, made with fresh ingredients and they were all served with a smile. The owner/operator is a really nice guy who is passionate about healthy food and fitness. If you're thinking about visiting a food truck event and you see Mojo Bowl in attendance, I would highly recommend getting something.
Scott's smoothies are phenomenal! 

I've yet to try any of the monsters but I've had the banana bread and the PB&J before. They're so filling. My boyfriend loves the strawberry banana. The salads look pretty tasty; definitely on my "to try" list.

Scott (the owner) has always been super friendly whenever we've gone, so I question the previous reviewers assumption. Sounds like a lot of guessing there...

You won't go wrong with mojo bowl. For $5 you're getting a meal in a cup!
Need an energy boost?  Well, how about a #MojoBoost?  For $5, Scott will blend you up a delicious and nutritious 24 oz. smoothie that will help keep you cool and refreshed during the hot summer days as well as keeping your energy up and running.  I've never been a fan of Red Bull, Monster, or any other energy drink because it doesn't tend to give me the positive energy I need to get through my day.  The excessive amounts of sugar and the crashes afterwards are not appealing to me and, probably, to you, my readers.

With 12 handmade smoothies, along with salads, soups, and yogurt parfaits, the Mojo Bowl is THE place to go to get a deliciously healthy lunch or pick-me-up for your day.  Very inexpensive, fresh and made-to-order just for you.  Scott is very friendly, outgoing, and takes pride in making sure that his customers get the Fuel Food they need to get through their work day and/or workouts.

If you attend the Farmer's Market or any other event in Phoenix and you see Scott and Mojo Bowl, stop by and get #MOJOfied!

Mojo Bowl... F.T.J. Approved!
I first saw them Saturday morning at the Phoenix Public Market and told myself that I would have to try them soon. I was too full from all the sampling with the different vendors. My coworkers and I went to check out the food trucks that gather on Thursday outside of Whole Foods by Raintree and the 101. I saw that Mojo Bowl was there and made my mind up right away to get their food.

I decided to get the Red, White, and Kale salad. I love quinoa and kale so it was the obvious choice for me. I also wanted to try one of their smoothies out. I went with the Coco Coca. The description mentioned that it was like a drinkable Almond Joy and I was sold right there. The total came to $13, not too shabby considering the portions. I didn't even touch my salad because the smoothie was so fulling, definitely a meal in itself. Towards the end of the work day I was getting hungry and decided to try some of the salad. I was asked if I wanted a balsamic or raspberry vinaigrette to go with the salad. I told the guy whatever tastes better and he told me that would be the raspberry vinaigrette. The salad was delicious. The kale was chopped up so finely that it really didn't have a taste so if you're not a huge fan of kale you might still like the salad. The portion was huge, it was good for 2 meals. 

I try to eat healthy and like to support local businesses. Mojo Bowl definitely brings those two together for me. I can't wait to try more of their smoothies and food out soon!
I have visited this food truck a few times now. The salads and smoothies are all delish! You can find the truck at the Phx Market on Wed and Fri!
I love the story of how Mojo Bowl evolved. While waiting for my smoothie, there's a small flier that describes its origins and made me even more excited for my smoothie. The first time I tried Mojo was at the Saturday's downtown farmer's market. It was a rather hot morning and I really wanted something to cool off. Luckily, Mojo Bowl was there to rescue me! I can't remember the exact name of the smoothie, but the ingredients were tropical sounding and I was sold. (I'm a sucker for that sort of thing.) It was a good idea too! Even my husband stole a few sips and enjoyed it. I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of their flavors.
For someone on a perpetual quest for açaí bowls, 'tis a bold claim to make... but, Mojo's PB Monkey has set the new standard.

So why's this açaí newcomer food truck kicking so many asses and taking so many names? Let's pick apart the product:

The blend: organic açaí, wild blueberries, banana, peanut butter, and chocolate almond milk. I gotta give props for the organic açaí, and the finished product tastes like it contains powdered açaí, not sorbet. This might be less fun for people who want to pretend they're eating ice cream, but my recommendation is to go get ice cream if that's you. The peanut butter is natural (and delicious) and almond milk is exponentially better than soy milk or apple juice in every regard. Plus, even if there's some added sugar, it's chocolate-y, and I dig that.

The toppings: Laura's Gourmet Granola, banana, walnuts, dried cranberries, carob chips, and honey. Mojo uses granola made in Tempe, and even though it contains brown sugar and canola oil (tsk tsk) there's only a sprinkling of it on top. Places that overload their bowls with fatty, sugary granola turn the whole thing into a hippie-dippy sundae of regret. The walnuts, carob and fresh banana on top were a perfect combination, and I skipped the honey and dried cranberries because it was sweet enough without them. 

The PB Monkey combines all the best things about açaí bowl into one: it's healthy, filling, nutritious, uses local/wild/other expensive-sounding words/natural/organic ingredients, and leaves you feeling awesome. $8.50 for a bowl of happiness that keeps me satisfied through lunch time? Açaí, I say yeeee.

P.S. - Good people of Mojo, might I suggest using a larger bowl? Trying to mix the piled-up toppings into the blend is damn near impossible without spilling a few good morsels and then lying on the ground, sobbing, while watching them melt in the sun.
Food cart that now serves Acai Bowls.  I love this guy.

Next time I'm there I will ask for all the goodies to be placed on the bottom of the bowl and place the acai on top.   I lost way too many goji berries.

I'm going back to this place
What started as a single smoothie (post Insanity workout) has turned into a full blown Mojo Bowl addiction! From the first time I tried the banana bread smoothie, Mojo Bowl is pretty much a daily craving. I love the story behind Mojo Bowl and it's creator, Scott. His passion for healthy and delicious food is apparent with every hand created acai bowl. Just watching him prepare my Xena bow was like watching a piece of art being created. I can't tell you what is the best smoothie, bowl or salad to try, because they are all amazing in their own way. True story. Stop by the yellow food truck at the Phoenix Public Market and say hi to Scott. You will leave with a craving for health for life.
Every time I see the mojo truck, all I want is a PB&J smoothie with a protein shot.

Crap.  Now I want one.
I stalk this truck.  I've been to industrial parks where I pretend to be a tech worker standing in line, strip mall parking lots, and of course the farmer's market.  The bowls are so so absolutely divine.  The owner is super friendly and he makes each bowl by hand with an incredible amount of pride.  You gotta eat here guys!!!
Very good smoothies and bowls!  Fills you up!
Well, I really wanted to give this place a try after seeing him the last few weeks at the ASU food truck party. I asked for a pineapple mango smoothie with strawberries instead of bananas. The guy told me he couldn't do that because everything was prebagged. I asked if he had any other smoothies without bananas and he told me no because he really loves bananas. I understand having everything premade for efficiency but sorry dude, not everyone shares the same passion for bananas as you do. Maybe if you had a little flexibility on your menu you wouldn't have lost a customer.
Way too expensive for such a little amount. I have had much better tasting  Acai bowls before and with half the price. Go to Thrive! Wont be flexible by substituting strawberries instead of bananas for the topping either. It's an extra 50 cents for that! Dumb. Also, horrible customer service! I hate to be rude, but don't waste your time or money here.
I try and go here at least once or twice a week. Love the flavor and love the taste. Every bowl I have gotten has been off the charts good. I feel full after eating one and feel better as well. Amazing.
Ok, about a month ago I came across a picture of a new food truck posted by Local Foodnik Joel LaTondress, known to the Phoenix food community and the twitterverse as @AZHotdish.  Not often does a simple picture cause so much commotion, but since the snapshot in question was of a food truck focused on Northeastern seaside cuisine namely Lobster rolls and other such briny delicacies, foodies began buzzing, posting queries clamoring for further details.  Further information about where to find this culinary treasure or whether it actually existed was thin and the discussion seemed to end.

A quick check of the URL www.mainelobsterlady.com got me a contact number to call which led to a rather pleasant conversation and information as to scheduled appearances.  Today, after almost a month of waiting, I went into stealth mode to get into the Arabian Horse Show (who cares about the horses when there's lobster to eat?) and get myself a lobster roll.

The Maine Lobster Lady operates out of a very tidy, well equipped trailer.  As you approach you can almost smell the salt air and then theres the menu... Two different styles of Lobster roll, shrimp puffs and lobster chowder to name a few.  Barely able to control my glee, I ordered a tradiditonal lobster roll and an order of shrimp puffs.

Served on a hot, butter grilled roll sat easily a half pound of some of the best prepared, most succulent lobster i've ever eaten.  This sandwich is the epitome of simplicity with the barest hint of lemon aioli, chunky lobster tail and claw meat and a buttery sweet roll. I cant even begin to describe how tasty this sandwich was and the $18 price was well worth it.

To accompany my sandwich were an order of "shrimp puffs" ($8.50), think of hushpuppies stuffed with succulent bay shrimp, a crunchy exterior and soft, well seasoned, piping hot interior.  Oh yeah, this was just melt in your mouth delicious when dipped in creamy tartar sauce.

I dont know if you have any interest in horses but if you value your tastebuds and the happiness of your belly, get out to the horse show or find the Maine Lobster Lady at one of her other events this spring and indulge, If you arent able to find her, stay tuned as I eat my way through her menu.  You may live vicariously through my culinary adventures!
We were lucky to get some great lobster rolls from this food truck at the Chandler Rock the Block festival on Saturday.  Having been to Maine and tried various lobster rolls, the rolls here are on par with what you'll find in the Pine Tree State.  I tried the traditional style, and it was delicious.  The large chunks of lobster were sweet and succulent, and the warm, toasty, buttery roll was perfect to combat the chilly evening.  We got here around 5:30 P.M.  and there were only 3 items available; the traditional lobster roll, the hot buttered lobster roll, and the lobster salad.  I would have liked to see more of the other items that they advertise on their online menu, such as the lobster bisque or seafood chowder.  I was also sad to see that they had sold out of blueberry lemonade, it sounded delicious.  The price of a lobster roll is $17, and it includes a hearty amount of lobster meat for your roll.  Unlike other food trucks that I've visited, there wasn't much of a wait at all for our food, a big plus!  I can't wait to try more lobster items from this food truck!
Sorry, not a fan. The best thing I ate this night was at Old Dixie's THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN. $17 for lobster roll and it just wasn't all that.
In its inaugural season it would be hard to call the Phoenix Festival of the Arts anything more than a dismal failure - a mere 40 artists plus some bands and organizations it was under-representative of the Valley's diverse art scene to say the least and yet at the same time it provided me the opportunity to do something I generally avoid; visit a selection of the city's food trucks - a collection of approximately ten which were present when the festival opened at 10am representing everything from lobster to pizza to hot dogs, barbeque, and pie.  Having already made two breakfast stops prior and with plans for Andreoli's Christmas Festival at 2:00pm I knew I'd need to save room and as such I perused the options carefully before settling on a trio...plus one en route back to the car.

Starting with the most unique, a food truck concept I certainly never saw in the Midwest and would have never expected in the desert, my first stop of the afternoon was at The Maine Lobster Lady (http://www.mainelobsterlady.com/,) a truck described as "A Maine island girl, along with her very own lobster fishin' partner, serving the real deal Maine Lobster from the coast of Maine to the desert southwest!" and the menu, service, and accent all hold true to that definition in every way.

Priced substantially higher than the average food truck given the quality of the ingredients my selections from The Maine Lobster Lady would be two - the first her signature Maine Lobster Roll with hot buttered lobster chunks served simply on a grilled roll.  Simple, fresh, and loaded with lobster this was about as simple as it gets and although small considering the $17 price tag it would be hard to quibble this quality of crustacean nearly 3,000 miles from its point of origin as it was every bit as good as that in Boston or elsewhere (where, incidentally, Neptune charges a whopping $22 for their roll.)

Moving next to a more innovative, though less impressive choice, a $9 cone of Maine Shrimp Puffs arrived as a half dozen hush-puppy sized balls of medium sized Maine shrimp tinged with butter and herbs deep fried to golden and served alongside a zippy garlic aioli.  Tender but a bit too oily for my own personal tastes and with the shrimp far less snappy than the aforementioned lobster the aioli was a welcomed boost - a shot of flavor compensating for an otherwise disappointing dish; next time I think I'd go with the Whole Belly Clams or the lobster mac n' cheese.

Good, particularly given the fact that it arrived from a truck in the middle of Phoenix, but pricey at $26 for perhaps a dozen bites of food I see The Maine Lobster Lady as a well conceptualized idea to fill a void, but not someplace I'd seek out unless I really had a craving.
Being a New England native I can assure you that this gal gives an accurate representation of some our our beloved seafood dishes (right down to the price).

But if you think about it , her prices are pretty good for the amount of lobster you get in a roll (i.e. you get what you pay for).

My mother and I were so excited to see that The Maine Lobster Lady had returned. Its almost unheard of to find a real New England style lobstah roll out here (see Baers Den review), and shes got it, right down to the New England style roll (unavailable in AZ). Our rolls were both toasted to perfection and housed all of those beautiful pieces of lobster perfectly. I enjoyed mine w/ the lemon aioli, a gourmet take on the usual squeeze of lemon and a little bit of mayo, while my Ma enjoyed hers plain. We also ordered the blueberry lemonade, which was a bit too sour for my taste, but still blueberry-rific.

Were so excited to go back tonight and get some full bellied clams (a MA delicacy that in 20 years we havent found anything close to down here) and some lobster mac and cheese.

Thank you Maine Lobster Lady for bringing a true taste of home out west even if it is for only a couple months a year.
I had the Connecticut style lobster roll and the shrimp fritters at Barrett Jackson and both items were delicious. The staff was great too.
I visited this food truck at the Scottsdale Art Festival this afternoon.  Of all the dining options listed on the map, this one stood out to me the most, so I held out for lunch until we found it.  By then, I was pretty hungry.  The line was long.  I waited for about 20 or 25 minutes, and was dismayed to find that it would be an additional 30 minutes to actually get food.  I figured I had already waited this long, so I went for it.  I decided to get a beer and come back.  When I returned after about 20 minutes, it was pretty chaotic.  A lot of people (understandably) had left and come back, so there was a steady stream of people asking the harried staff about their orders.  When I asked about mine, they couldn't find it at first.  I was on the verge of asking for my money back, but I was so hungry and I figured it must be close.  I finally got my Maine lobster roll after 45 minutes (plus the time I spent in line).  Was it worth it?  Well, it was good.  I know lobster is expensive and a person couldn't really expect more lobster than they put on the roll.  I was hoping for a little more food, though.  It came with a pickle spear and a tiny bag of chips.  I don't know - fries?  Coleslaw?  It was tasty, but I don't know if it was worth all the trouble.  My husband got a delicious gourmet hotdog wrapped in warm flatbread for 6 bucks and he didn't even wait 5 minutes.  I think he got the better deal!
When I moved to Arizona from Maine a few years back, I thought my seafood days were over... That is until I found, The Maine Lobster Lady!! I have tried both of her lobster rolls and they are delicious!! Well worth the price!! The meat is fresh and plentiful! It tastes just like a quality lobster roll I would buy back home! I can not wait to try the other "Maine Eats", on the menu!! The food truck is darling as well, an over all great experience!!
I can't speak for the lobster entrees since they were sold out, but the lobster bisque is over salted, fishy and over priced. $9 for a cup (8 oz) of mediocre soup. The fried haddock was served on a doughy 10 cent bun slathered in mayo. Not worth $12.
I died went to HEAVEN on the 1st bite of my Lobstah Roll this past weekend in Phoenix, AZ.  "Truely out-of-this-world."  You owe it to yourself to see if you can catch her at a Festival or event near you!!!!
I am a Boston native and I have had more then my share of lobster rolls over the years. I was very excited to hear about the Maine Lobster Lady food truck that travels around the Valley in the winter months. There is really no place in Phx to get a lobster roll, and people here have no idea what fried clams are. My wife & I visited the truck outside of the US Airways Center in owntown Phoenix in March and was not disapointed. I got a lobster roll($18) and my wife got a clam roll($18). Both were very good and totally authentic. I've had bigger portions for the same $$ but this is the desert, I'll take it. We went back later after visiting Tilted Kilt and decided to get Lobster mac and cheese...a swing and a miss! The portion was small for $14, lukewarm at best and lacking in the star ingrediant, lobstahh! I would go back in a heartbeat though.
I became acquainted with The Maine Lobster Lady food truck at the 2013 Las Vegas Foodie Fest.  After an announcement that only 20 Lobster Rolls were left, I sweated it out but remained in line, because I was about the 14th person from the window.  When I reached the ordering station the truck was already out of Blueberry Lemonade at 8:30 p.m. on the second day of the festival, but I was able to secure one of the last Lobster Rolls.  

The roll itself was rather small, and its contents were not warm like I thought they would be.  Instead this lobster Roll was refreshingly cold.  But it was chock-full of chunks of lobster graced by a light Lemon Mayonnaise Dressing.  Even the flippers tasted good!  I liked this cold roll despite my erroneous preconceptions of what it would be like.  It was served with a cold pickle spear, a small bag of Lay's Classic Potato Chips, and a wedge of lemon.  Priced at $18 a roll, there had better be some bang for the buck!  And there was!
I finally caught up with her at her last weekend in Phoenix about a month ago.  This is the real deal for all of us New England transplants looking for authentic seafood...lobster rolls, fried clams with bellies, chowdah, and a variety of other delicious options.  I will be following her religiously when she comes back next season.
My wife and I were excited when we spotted the truck, while on vacation from Maine. All I can say is Lobstah Lobstah Mac and Cheese is the kinda stuff dreams are made of! And the lobster roll was fantastic. I wouldn't have expected to find one in Phoenix as good as back home. I've even seen them go for $2 or $3 more in Bar Harbor, during the summer. I don't know how she does it, but the Maine Lobster Lady does it well! I highly recommend stopping in if you get the chance. Thanks Lobster Lady!
Shes finally arrived! I have been following her since last year and I finally have caught up with her and spreading the word! Fresh as it can be in Arizona straight from Maine. And boy was it good...they may look small but they are worth every penny and surprisingly filling! The meat was tender and juicy. The sauce of lemon and mayo was delicious.  Comes with pickle and chips. Also had the blueberry lemonade..not a fan to sour for me but the rolks were on point. Would love to try more on the menu!
Note to Diana Santospago, you made my night and hope for your continued success!

I was finally able to have my first Connecticut style lobster roll at the Food Truck Caravan Scottsdale and it was blissful.  A couple weeks before The Maine Lobster Lady arrived into town I emailed them inquiring on gluten free (yes I'm one of those pain in the ass customers) options.  I also asked if no GF rolls were available I would bring my own.  The Maine Lobster Lady promptly replied to my email advising that they would be able to use my GF roll with no issue, first impression of their customer service was off the charts.  This email brought me back to my childhood when you knew Christmas was close.  I've been accustom to just eating the filling of a sandwich if no GF option was available.  This wasn't a option for me this time because I wanted to get the full experience with my special requirements.  After waiting in line I get to place my order, told them of my GF roll and they handled it perfectly.  I finally get my roll took the first bite and was instantly in love!  I will visit one more time before they move on to the next town and will come back every year they stop into town.  You have a customer for life and will tell everyone I know of this amazing experience.
Was so looking forward to trying their Lobstah Sandwich. When we arrived around 8:30pm Saturday in Scottsdale there was still quite a line for this Food Truck and the others had no line I thought this has to be pretty good.

Ordered the CT Style Lobster Sandwich which is served with Hot Lobster Meat. Also had the Blueberry Lemonade which was $18 and $3. 

After waiting around 15 minutes for my 2 items I was surprised by the size of the meal and would compare it to a children's meal. I think I should have super sized it but that sandwich would have been $36.

The sandwich had quite abit of lobster for a regular size hot dog bun but for $18 it took about 4 bites to finish it. 

Good thing my wife and son got their food earlier and were half way done so I could finish eating the same time after I had to wait so long for my mini meal.

Overall the sandwich was good for the lobster meat, small in quantity, high in price, not as warm as expected and did not wow me. The blueberry lemonade was also on a small cup for $3. If you are trying to eat light and like to pay $21 for a meal for yourself, this is the place! Good thing there were 4 other food trucks.
I've read the raving reviews about the Maine Lobster Lady food truck in the past but actually happened to find it this past weekend at the Scottsdale Art Festival! I was so excited to try "authentic Maine lobster rolls", as I have never been to Maine nor had a lobster roll before! We walked up and noticed the price of $18 for a lobster roll, $14 for lobster mac and cheese, fried haddock sandwich for $12 and blueberry lemonade for $3. Service was very friendly and was told to try the lobster roll cold, since that's how they eat it in New England. We also ordered the mac and cheese, I mean how often do you see mac and cheese lobster?! I also ordered the blueberry lemonade and waited a few minutes for the food.

The lobster roll was TINY!! There was no sauce and looked nothing like the lobster rolls I've seen before. I got a few pieces of claw meat with a few pieces of lemon on top in a tiny size hot dog looking roll. My friend ordered the lobster mac and said it was COLD! I even took a bite and was shocked it would be cold. It was also cooked with a penne pasta, which is NOT mac and cheese! The only thing I enjoyed was the blueberry lemonade. 

For $43 (food and tip), this was a total disappointment!!!!
Thank goodness she's back!!

Yes, the Lobster is pricey.  But where else can you get Lobster like this in AZ?  The Lobster comes from a boat in Maine too (I got the back story from a friend of mine).

I still have yet to try the Lobster Mac and Cheese.  I usually get in line for some, and then at the last second change it to the Lobster Roll....yet again.  :)

Keep up the great work!
What a lady you are!!! Who else could charm $40 out of my wallet FOR LUNCH? TOTALLY worth it!  I had just finished my final and decided to treat myself to a Connecticut Lobster Roll (a roll with chunks of sustainably sourced lobster meat drizzled with warm butter). I went "overboard" and got double meat. SO delicious and this lobster trumps what you get in most restaurants.

They also have lobster mac and cheese, lobster bisque, shrimp puffs, haddock but I always go for the main event each time. My wallet can't handle this all the time but whenever you want to treat yourself, look no further!
Yum!!! The Lobster Lady is the BEST! 

She gives you a HUGE portion of fresh tasty lobster! The lobster rolls are my favorite, but even the lobster salad was wonderful! 

The other things on the menu are good too! My favorite of which are the fried clams. 

I am definitely going to be following the Lobster Lady around this year until she leaves!
Nomnomnom!! Wow!!  I've been really wanting to eat at this food truck for a while now. I came to the food truck festival today and completely forgot that it was going to be there. The line was huge but was worth the wait. I've only had real Maine lobstah a few times before which is always a treat, but I've never had a Lobstah Roll before. It was really good. I was picturing an overwhelming amount of mayo added but this Lobstah Roll was more about the meat than anything. Very lightly tossed with mayo and the added lemon made for a great taste. I nice buttery toasted roll grilled on both sides just added to the perfection of this masterpiece. The price is expensive, but for the best quality in meat is worth the cost. I will definitely be craving another one here very soon.
Sadly, AZ hasn't been the hot spot for lobster rolls for a long...well okay, never. Who am I kidding? There are no lobsters in AZ! I am a crazed lobster addict, the Maine lobster lady is only in town during the fall and winter months, but oh my goodness, track her down! I get mine with melted butter and a lemonade. $20 well spent.
The lobster roll is the bomb! They're small, but the bread is very good---lightly toasted, with WARM tender chunks of lobster that melts in your mouth. Note: Lobster is best served warm because it becomes chewy when it's cold. If you're looking for heavy mayo and celery chunks, this roll isn't for you. If you're looking for bite after bite of "lobstah"heaven, this roll has got your name on it!  

My only critique is the size of the roll doesn't fill you up and it's pricey, $18. I would need to eat 2 to get my fill, but $36 is a bit hefty for lunch. This is definitely a special occasional treat!

Follow the food truck on Facebook. I found them parked in front of the Capitol building on a food truck Friday.
I'm from Maine. I go to great lengths to fulfill my lobster roll cravings in Arizona. It was like Christmas came in March this year....I am now able to get lobster rolls in Phoenix!!! As most noted, the prices are steep, but it is amazingly fresh tasting Maine lobster. It didn't taste any different than if I'd ordered one from a restaurant at a beach in Maine. I enjoyed the Connecticut Roll and the blueberry lemonade and brought the Traditional Maine Roll home for my husband. I already have plans to meet up with the truck in a few weeks. And I know many more occasions before the Maine Lobster Lady returns to Maine for the summer.
They're generous with the fresh lobster, the mayo spread is delicious and the buns are nice and buttery/toasted. Pretty pricey for a lobster roll, but it's a niche market.
First time I tired to go to the food truck was at the Food truck fest at talking stick couple months back. Line was stupid long so went to another truck that day. Way too hungry to wait 2 hours in line!   found them this weekend at the Scottsdale Art walk.  I was parked close to them and line wasn't too bad so I was in luck.  I tried the Main Lobster roll.  It was really good! big chunks of lobster lightly mayo'd with a wedge of lemon to go with it.  Bread was very good as well.  The roll was a little smaller than I had anticipated.  At $18 bucks for a roll and $3 for a lemonade, it is on the pricey side for a food truck.  Yes, I know it's lobster, but still.  I'm pretty sure I'd go back and try the Connecticut style next time.  Overall, great find and good job to them for bringing this to AZ and hopefully doing quite well and stay around a while.
With apologies to Air Supply.

"You are my lady
And I am your man
Whenever I reach for you, you do all that you can
Are you ready to learn the power of love?"

There isn't much more that I can add to the other reviews. Fantastic food and even better service.  If you're out and you see this food truck, I don't care if you're hungry or not - get a lobster roll. If you don't, the missed opportunity will haunt you for the rest of your life; it'll be like that time you chickened out asking the pretty blonde to the prom.  

But, don't take my word and the gazillion other reviewers word for the fantasticness (no that's not a word) of this food truck.  The Arizona Restaurant Association recently gave The Maine Monster Lady a Foodist Award for Outstanding Food Truck.
Found these guys outside of Khoury's during one of their wine-tasting nights, and let me tell you, I'm glad that I did! 

The two owners were both there, and are both very friendly guys. The services is fast and timely, and the food was great! They specialize in east-coast deli style sandwhiches and seasoned waffle fries, and keep their menu simple with about 5 sandwhich options and several seasoning options for their waffle fries. I had a sandwhich with breaded chicken, provolone, and homemade bolognese sauce on a toasted garlic hero, which I personally found to be delicious and hearty. The cajun ranch waffle fries were equally tasty and complimented sandwhich well. 

They also had a lobster salad sandwhich with avocado, grilled chicken sandwhiches with salami and a variety of cheeses, as well as a couple of breaded chicken sandwhich options, and a meatball sandwhich option with friend mozarella sticks in the sandwhich (which I was definitely debating on getting instead of the one i got).

Also, they appearently change up their menu weekly, which should keep their menu fairly interesting.

These guys aren't re-inventing the wheel here with the food-truck craze; what they are doing is providing fast, convinient, well-priced, tasty sandwhiches.
All in all, If you're looking for something tasty, convinient, a bit different than what you might find at most places, and fairly inexpensive, I would definitely give these guys a try.
We visited Khoury's on a Wednesday evening beer tasting night to check out the new Tenaya Creek Oktoberfest.  As we sipped our tasty brews we noticed people enjoying an extra cheesy and goopy mess of fries.  We wandered outside to find the Coast 2 Coast food truck.  The menu is small, but hard hitting with a flavor packed punch.  C2C was in on the Oktoberfest theme as well, by featuring special offerings smothered in Oktoberfest Beer Cheese!  The Oktoberfest specials included the Santa Fe sandwich with grilled chicken, jalapeno, caramelized onions, chipotle mayo and a generous dousing of that fan-freaking-tastic Oktoberfest Beer Cheese.  And then the Loaded Fries Special is made with generously sized waffle fries, which are perfect for holding on to the delectable decoration of gooey Oktoberfest Beer Cheese, real bacon, fresh parsley, and a choice of ranch, BBQ ranch, wasabi ranch sauces.

In addition to the high quality food truck nummy nums, the guys are awesome.  It was a 2 man operation whipping up fresh orders just for you.  You would think it would take a while for individual freshly made orders, but no these guys are hustling and they make it look effortless.  They even brought my food to me!  The guy remembered me and came to find me in the store to hand deliver my order.  Now, that is spectacular 5 star service!
I've found this truck on two occasions, and the sandwiches are really tasty! I've gone with the Montana, which is a play on a Cheesesteak, with bleu cheese and carmelized onions, all on fresh bread. Delicious!!
Food Truck?? 
1st off its a trailer which in my case doesn't count as a traditional food truck.
I don't recommend Coast to Coast simply because of the bad chicken I ate..
The sandwich was eh, & the chicken made me feel sick right after.
Since its new I'm sure they are working some kinks out but I don't see myself eating here again..  Do not recommend.
the San Fran sandwich is sooooo goood. 
if you love chicken like i do this is the sanwich to get.
Chicken, bacon, cheese, thousand island dressing, lettice, tomato.
they put a lot of chicken in the sandwich as well.
$8 bucks well spent.
We first tried C2C at the Las Vegas Distillary. And what a nice surprise. The food was off the hook and the guys were awesome as well. Very friendly and helpful. The portions are huge and  delicious. Would recommend them to anywone and have. I had the Memphis and it was the best tasting and moist pork I have ever had, Was telling everyone around me to try it. It is that good. Looking forward to trying theit other sandwiches as well. Thank you guys for a wonderful yummu sandwich. And being so friendly !!!!!
Breakdown of Coast 2 Coast (Food Truck): 

FOOD: 
Loaded Philly (NY Strip and Ribeye, Calico Brown Ale Beer Cheese, Caramelized Onion, Bacon, Scallion, and Ranch) - The sandwich was pretty good except it didn't look anything like a Philly cheesesteak. since beef was shredded to the point where it looked like ground beef.  I didnt get a lot of the cheese sauce or ranch so the sandwich was a little on the dry side.

Loaded Fries (Calico Brown Ale Beer Cheese, Bacon, Ranch, and Sallions) - good!! but the waffle fries definitely a little more time to crisp up.  


SERVICE: 
When I went to their truck their menu is a little confusing when it comes to the side items.  The Loaded Fries are really waffle fries which was awesome but I wish they would print it as Loaded Waffles Fries.  When the guy repeated our ordered, we ended up changing the side items because he had to explain the difference when there really was no difference... so needless to say it was one of those conversation that started kind of nowhere and ended nowhere.  But he was really nice about it ...
Yumm!! I have eaten Coast2Coast's food on several occasions. 

Their sandwiches are delicious and I really like the bread they use. My favorite item to order is the loaded fries: waffle fries covered in cheese, bacon, ranch and scallions...it really is the perfect cheat meal/snack.

The staff on their trailer is always really nice and friendly too. Thanks C2C! xoxo
Another food truck on campus? Another reason to not trek over to UNLV's SU?

Managed to find my niece in the midst of the between-classes and wanted to share lunch with her... There really isn't a line, however make sure you're not standing there behind people who are just waiting for their food. This probably could be worked out better, but there's only one window where the order goes in and out of the food trailer. 

Tried the Greenwich, Rosemary&Salt&Pepper Seasoned waffle fries 
The sandwich had a lot of flavors going on, but was still delicious and kinda huge. I'm glad I was sharing
The seasoned waffle fries were a nice spin from Carl Jrs.'s waffle fries, with a hint of rosemary which I really liked. 

I'll have to try the other sandwiches, but noticed that the other reviews stated little meat.
I'm a fan of food trucks (but this is really a trailer) and I'm a fan of UNLV, so I'm willing to support food trucks on campus.  Today, the trailer was parked outside the CBC across from Sin City Wings.

I couldn't decide what to order on the menu; everything sounded so delicious!  My friend and I settled on the Santa Fe (NY steak with grilled onions, jalapenos, and chipotle mayo).  Although, I really wanted to try the Bloody Bay since it had jerk chicken and mango salsa on it.  I also got the loaded fries (waffle fries topped with truffle oil, parmesan, bacon, and scallions).  Sandwich was $7 and the fries were $5.

If I was rating this experience on food alone, I would've easily given Coast 2 Coast 4 stars.  The fries were perfectly cooked and smothered in delicious rich goodness.  I would highly recommend sharing them since they're so rich and covered in velvety cheesy goodness.  The chipotle mayo had a tame kick and the random bites of jalapeno were juicy and added the right amount of heat to the sandwich.  The hero/sub/hoagie/whatever-you-call-it was soft and held the sandwich together well.

HOWEVER, they lost a star for service.  We were order #55, and we watched customer after customer get called before us.  They kept reassuring us our order was coming out soon, but then they'd hand out more sandwiches and fries to people who ordered after us.  10 minutes and 9 customers later, our sandwiches and fries came out - no explanation provided.  We got our food after order #64 came out.  That irked me.

I'd try this place again, but with hesitancy due to my experience.
I was excited to try C2C, however it was pretty disappointing. My fries were undercooked, cold and I'm pretty sure I ordered waffle fries but received regular fries. I don't think I will trying C2C again. Not really impressed.
If this truck had a theme it would be scallions. I ordered a Phil a Delph I think it was called. Ok flavors but nothing WOW about it. I asked for no scallions but to after a nice wait  I saw a green cheesesteak headed my way. Yes that many scallions. The waffle fries with buffalo sauce and crumbled blue cheese were decent, also loaded with scallions. I felt like a judge on iron chef but I was the loser.
I had the chance to try this place the other day on UNLV  campus. I ordered the Bloody Bay and it was so yummy!

Prices weren't too bad and service was quick! Definitely, going back to try some of the loaded waffle fries!
I always see the food trucks on campus, but didn't buy any food. I was always a little skeptical about food trucks. Am I glad I threw that out the window?! Yes! A friend and I stop by in between classes because they said they love vegetarians, and I was hoping they had something good and tasty. The guy at the register let me know of different options that I could order without meat. There were 4  guys working and they were super cool and cracked me up here and there. 

I ordered the Greenwich as a salad and not sandwich. It was so good! The avocado ranch dressing made the salad along with the caramelized onions, melted swiss, huge tomato slices and toasted bread. I also ordered waffle fries with cajun seasoning which were bomb as well. My plan was to eat half then, save the rest for later. Did that happen? No. The food was too good to stop. And you can't beat the price. I ordered the salad with fries and a drink and the was the best $10 spent.

I'll be back to order more and indulge!
I got the Bloody Bay (Jerk Chicken with Pepper Jack and Mango Bean Salsa) with Lavender and Sea Salt waffle fries and a can of soda for $10.  

I am a fan!
$10 for a sandwich and a bottle of water is slightly higher that what I was to expect from a food cart; especially if you've been to Portland and have seen their pricing and tasted the quality.  The first sandwich I had was absolute crap; the beef was dry and the micro greens didn't go with the sandwich.  However, weeks later I tried their "GreenBay", which had a scant amount of ingredients, but tasted pretty good.  The fact that it came with waffle fries brought my rating from a two-star to a three.  In general, they should be buying and making fresh food; I simply couldn't taste the freshness!
Had the Santa Fe  with sweet Fries ...So good
Food trucks in Vegas have some of the yummiest concoctions out there. I spotted the C2C truck parked right outside the Lied Library on UNLV Campus. I looked at their menu and I was going to order The Bronx but they had a special menu and it was advertising The Montana sandwich. The Montana was made up of  chopped up NY strip, crispy onions, I think it had bacon and it was described to have a special ranch sauce. The bread was not that fresh. My hoagie was hard on the edges and soggy from humidity, really dry. The sandwich barely had any eat, it was like smeared on. The onions were really nice and crunchy but I did not taste any sort of ranch. It tasted like an over powering blue cheese, I am a blue cheese fan but this over powered the whole sandwich. I went for the meal which came with waffle fries and a can of soda for $10. I am not cheap at all but I thought it was a bit pricey for what it was. The waffle fries were off the hook though, best waffle fries I have ever had! I really see me giving C2C another try for their loaded waffle fries but I was kinda disappointed on the sandwich, not going to lie.
This place was awesome. Great food with a great price! Came here to grab a quick bite before class and was surprised by the great quality of the food. Has a great variety of food and the fries are awesome!! I would highly recommend this place.
I was not terribly impressed with their food, but I will give them another chance because of their service.

I ordered a Montana (plus loaded fries and a drink, $3+$2 upsize). It comes with whatever fancy name for beef they have, some crispy onions, blue cheese, and a strangely orange BBQ sauce. The woman before me ordered a Montana but asked for no bleu cheese. I did not make the same request. When I realized that I didn't see or taste any sort of cheese in my sandwich, I was pretty disappointed and brought it back to the pickup window.

The guy at the window acknowledged my complaint, and instead of adding bleu cheese (which I later found out was because it was "melted" into the sandwich), he got a brand new sandwich made for me, free of charge (and some extra fries apparently). As I found out by taste-testing both sandwiches myself, they indeed were missing the cheese the first time.

Just on the sandwich's merit, I would have given this place three stars because I would've liked more meat/filling and maybe a not so dry bun. Sad that these were both running themes at the festival today (see my Chi-Town Hustler review). The fries were good though, and the willingness to please the customer is important in any food service business. Big props for that.
Coast 2 Coast Food Truck is usually on UNLV campus which is great because that means I can walk to the food truck to get food from the library and not have to go very far.

This food truck has a lot of delicious sandwich options, like my favorite the Ill-A-Delph, and sometimes they have new sandwich specials. Sometimes they have issues though like running out of certain sandwich ingredients or no fries or can't take any credit cards.
I am late at posting this as I was waiting for my card to get charged to make sure I posted on the correct vendor's yelp; I cannot even remember how the food tasted because about a third of the way into my sandwich... I found a hair! I wouldn't post negative comments normally, but it was First Friday and I expect nothing but good things from all the truck vendors! Good clean food and exceptional service- that's what I want! Thoroughly disappointed!
Outside of the Good Humor man this was my first experience with a food truck. I was quite delighted. I had the Big Easy Balls, Andoulle sausage risotto and a few other things all balled together and deep fried, and topped with a dipping sauce (I will add a picture), what could go wrong? Nothing, I will be on the look out for this truck again. I also want to mention how nice the staff is. I say be on the lookout for this truck and give it a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
It seems as though food trucks don't have as much of a following here as they do back in California, but Sauced can still hold it's ground fairly well. 

I loved that you get a discount if you buy more items. So 1 items is normally $3.50, 2 for $6.50, and 3 for $9.00. So naturally, being a student on a budget, this appeals very much! Originally we got 3 items, thinking it would be enough for 2 of us. We ordered the Big Easy Balls, Turkey Slider, and Jerk Pork Tacos. First impression, they weren't as big as we thought so we knew we'd need to get more but we dug into it nonetheless. Also, any sauce can be put on the side and they're included with the food.

Big Easy Balls: So excited for these, a little disappointed. The balls themselves had a nice crispy outside and it was soft and gooey on the inside. But it didn't have much flavor. I expected there to be a little kick from the Andouille sausage, but flavor was a little lacking. The sriracha sauce that you can get with it was much needed, and it was very good.

Turkey Slider: Probably my favorite. The bacon confit was delicious and went really well with the turkey patty. It was like a dressed up, much smaller, turkey burger.

Jerk Pork Tacos: We weren't big fans of this. The pork didn't have much flavor and nothing really stood out. Also, there was a pretty big hunk of fat in the taco.

Next we had the Asian Chicken Nachos and Drunken Balls.

Asian Chicken Nachos: It's supposed to have a Thai coconut sauce but I didn't taste any of that. I liked that it was served in a fried wonton shaped like a bowl, I thought it was clever presentation. 

Drunken Balls: I'm glad they had small bits of cilantro in it or else it really would have been just a fried ball of potato. Nice crispy skin, and when you got a bite of cilantro it was quite tasty. Again, the cheese sauce was needed. 

Overall the food was alright, but I'm not in a hurry to come back. The things you should try though are the Big Easy Balls and Turkey Slider, those were the better ones of the selection.
I tried out the Sauced truck at the Bass Elementary School Halloween Carnival today and it was awesome. Mike (the owner) and everyone working the truck were all really nice, and I was a huge fan of the Big Easy Balls (who isn't a fan of big fried balls?!). Also tried the Asian Chicken Tacos which were really nice and flavorful. Being from California, street food is my thing- these guys do not disappoint! Check 'em out!
This is my first experience with a food truck in Vegas. I have been to a lot in SF and Sauced stands up to those any day. The service was quick and polite. The prices and portions were reasonable. My wife and I liked the fried balls as it was a great mix of textures with delicious sauces.
First time I've seen the truck parked out side of work, coworker said turkey wrap was pretty good and I forgot my lunch so why not give it a try!? Turkey wrap was a hit, so much that it was sold out.  I opted for the tenderloin sandwich, MAN O MAN am I glad they were out of turkey! Portions were huge and it was a REAL tenderloin, served with 3 lg pickle slices on a toasted bin.  I slathered it with Carolina mustard and am very very pleased for my lunch today:) only thing missing was a couple a slivers of onion! Gave 4 stars because 8.5 is a lot for a sandwich and a can of soda! (pretty sure the sandwich was $6, so 1.5 for a CAN of soda)
Another food truck I hit at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest at Silverton. I came for the Big Easy Balls. I saw the combination online and it intrigued. At the truck I also decided to try their corn cheddar jalapeno fritters. Both sides came with the suggested sriracha mayo.
The Big Easy. Two crispy fried balls containing cajun chicken, Andouille, risotto & garlic herb cream cheese. Awesome. Creamy, little spicy, meaty, all balled up in a deep fried goodness.
Unfortunately, it only got 3 stars because the fritter wasn't that great. Although texture wise, it was nice and crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside. I could see pieces of corn and diced jalapenos, but couldn't discern much taste from them. The fried batter tasted just basically of flour. There were 3 fritters and I couldn't even tell if there was cheese in the first two. The third, I could see some cheese in it, but that, like all three, was overwhelmed by the taste of flour.
At the Las Vegas Foodie Festival I waited 3 hours for White Castle, an hour for White Rabbit and another hour for a sushi burrito... And they all didn't compare to The Big Easy Balls from Sauced! The best part was I only had to wait about 15 minutes! I was mad at myself for waiting so long for mediocre food when I could've been enjoying food from Sauced the whole time!
So, I have never heard of this truck until recently but I must say that I was pretty impressed. I went to a party where the food truck was catering so my food was free and I'm sure some of the menu items were a bit different. I got a vegetarian sandwich that blew me away. It was a fried pattie filled with different types of beans, corn, and other veggies and spices. And the bottom of the bun had some pico de gallo that really was great. It came with a side of seasoned skinny fries and and tried the sriracha sauce blend with them. There were other things on the menu like fusion tacos, sandwiches and small plates. My friend got the Seoul Taco and LOVED it. Hope I get to try this truck again soon.
I totally feel bad for not writing this review sooner. I first tried Sauce at a Yelp event in June I believe it was? and the ladies working the truck were super friendly and the food was really good. Now fast forward to Bite of Las Vegas. I volunteered at the event so I got a chance to walk around and stumbled upon the Sauced Truck.

When I arrived at the truck there were a couple folks ahead of me but I was served quickly and with a huge smile. The ladies were once again super sweet and engaged me while I was waiting for my food. 

Not only did I get to try two of their signature tacos but she recommended the right sauces to try with my tacos and they were delicious.

I am terrible with names of the people and tacos but I recommend this place and can't wait to go to another event and stumble upon their truck.

Thank you for good service with a smile and yummy food!
We just had 'Sauced' come and cater my daughter's 1st birthday party.  I have to say that they were absolutely amazing.  We were looking for ways to feed the crowd that was different, filling, and affordable.  Mike and his team fulfilled all of those requirements and then some.  Mike was great at giving suggestions and accommodating all of our requests, he responded to promptly to my emails and phone calls and made the whole process incredibly easy.  

They arrived early and set up at the end of the driveway and our guests made their way out and ordered from the menu we had set up ahead of time.  

Everybody LOVED the food...the Big, easy balls/great balls of fire/and sliders were the most popular, but the tacos were great too (Seoul food and veggie), plus the fries to be able to sample all the sauces was great.  It was nice that the portions were big enough to get full-but small enough that you could try a variety of things and find what you liked the most.  Everybody had MORE than enough to eat and I didn't have to cook or clean a thing.  

This is a class act of an operation and you can't go wrong whether you're just trying their food or having them cater an event for you!
Always enjoy the food from Sauces, it's not the boring normal menus at most of the other trucks. I have eaten here on multiple occasions and everything is tasty!
I tried this food truck last month at first Friday.  I tried the tacos; chicken tsunami and the seoul food.  They were amazing.  They took my debit card for even such a small sale.  The two ladies working were very friendly.
I know these guys work a lot of events and also I have seen them at the outlet mall.  If you get the chance, try their food.
Tonight I had the soul food taco and the one with the Thai peanut sauce(Forgot the name). Both had good flavors but I enjoyed the soul food one with the wasabi mayo. The women out front were very personable and it was great talking with them during a short wait for the food. I will be back to try some other menu items.
Interesting. Second place I've encountered in a week with a fancy purple and white ribbon from the Bite of Las Vegas. It was for creativity, and one of the Sauced ladies explained that it was for their Big Easy balls.

Unlike during my last ribbon rendezvous, I actually didn't end up eating that item, but I helped one of my friends take care of his leftovers, which included the "Buffalo chicken in a ball" Great Balls o' Fire, and the surprisingly hugely portioned fried mac 'n cheese. The leftover ball o' fire was kinda too salty and sour for my taste, but the fried mac was really good, especially with whatever sauce it came with (friend said it contained bacon, which is always good).

Another friend shared his loaded fries, which came with some bacon, plus this heavy cheese sauce that cooled and congealed kinda quickly in the cool weather. It was decent though. They were my favorite non-dessert truck of the day, and I think I'd visit them again and try some of the other menu items if I see them around town or at another food truck gathering. Thanks for being at Sunset Park'd!
I have been visited Sauced several times and found a consistent high quality tasty meal every time.  I would recommend to friends and family .
When we found out that a food truck was catering our Holiday Party at work. None of us were thrilled. They gave us a menu to look at a couple weeks in advance and I decided to just go with a regular cheeseburger. 
The Holiday Party was today and by the time Sauced had served the first batch of coworkers they were giving rave reviews. My coworker asked what kind of sandwich I was getting I said "a cheeseburger". You could have sworn I just slapped her in her face. " You could get a cheeseburger any day!", she yelled. Hearing her going around and boast and rave about the "Hawkeye" sandwich made me rethink my decision of just getting a cheeseburger and I'm glad I did! I decided on the Saucy Mama which was chopped chicken, ham, and Swiss cheese fried together in a batter which made it look like a patty. It was beyond good and was served with seasoned fries and a soda! I was so full I had to save a portion of my sandwich for later.
This was a definite upgrade from past Holiday Parties and now I'm checking the Sauced Truck schedule to find out where they will be next!
I've had a sample at a Yelp event of one of their tacos and remember it as good so when I saw that food trucks now park in the Premium Outlet mall, I decided to get myself a snack. 

They do big plates or small plates and you can make that into a combo of sorts, 2 for $7  or 3 for $10. I decided to get 2 small plates so I can try a variety. I got Big Easy balls which were huge creole style rice balls. The rice was pretty good and the batter was pretty crispy. Chicken tsunami taco had good flavor with the thai peanut slaw, though maybe a little salty for me. My brother got a seoul taco and the big easy balls and thought his was good as well. 

I like that they have a variety of homemade sauces, I threw on the sriracha ranch on the big easy balls and wasabi cream on my taco which complimented both things well. I was curious about their chili mustard, though it didnt go with anything I ordered, since I love mustards. It remined me of McD's hot mustard, but a better version of that.

It seems on their schedule they are regulars that park at Premium Outlets near the weekends so if you're here and don't want the food court, keep an eye out for trucks.
I was shocked that a fellow Yelper had not shouted out Blowin' Smoke BBQ. I am back in NY sitting at my desk after an Urban Lobster Scampi Roll and wishing I could go to Blowin' Smoke for lunch every day. Try their 3 Little Pigs (Bacon, Pit Ham, Pork) sandwich and you will have that wish too. After I had it, I tried to get my lunch there every day during my visit to Madison. A feast of porky goodness for only $6.50. Beautiful brisket, perfect pulled pork. Everything I tried is so-o-o-o true 'Cue.Sadly, I missed them on a rainy day and had to settle for Santa Fe.
I'm a northern boy, but 6 years ago I made a small journey through the south.  I fell in love with grits and bbq.  I still haven't found good grits up here in WI, but awesome mouthwatering delicious BBQ can be found on the Capitol Square 5 days a week!

The staff at the cart was so friendly and nice as they took my order.  I had a beef sandwich the first time I went, a chicken sandwich the second time, and a pastrami sandwich the third time.  I've gotten pastrami ever since.  The pastrami is for those who like their flavors to be LOUD!  It is one of the most flavorpacked meats I have ever had, and it keeps me coming back there again and again.  For a healthy alternative, I sometimes like to get a salad with pastrami in it instead of a sandwich.

For serious fans of BBQed meats, there is nowhere else to go in madison except for blowin smoke!
This food cart is great!  We ordered the BBQ beef and pork sandwich and the BBQ chicken sandwich - both were very good.  I had the spicy BBQ sauce, there is also mild and super hot.  The spicy was plenty hot for me.  The rolls they serve the sandwiches on are really good too, they hold up to the BBQ meat.  I also ordered a side of potato salad which was tasty.  Guys running the cart are very nice and friendly and your order is prepared in minutes, prices are reasonable.  I believe they are my new favorite BBQ place, just wish they would open a restaurant!
Blowin' Smoke is blowin' me away.

I'm from Oklahoma, so I take BBQ seriously. Kansas style BBQ turns out to be cray as well. They do a dry rub with your choice of regular, spicy, and extra spicy BBQ sauce. Spicy is where it's at. A little bit deceiving, it's not actually "spicy" per se, just a good mix of flavors.

Me loves some pork and beef, so I did the loaded sandwich. Amazing!!!! Note to anyone and everyone: this is not a sandwich you can eat with your hands. Well...you could. It would just be all over your face and then some. I recommend a fork and knife my friend, cuz this sammie is sloppy. 

The meat is hot and tender, just how I like my men...I mean meat. What?

Next time I'll get it chopped. Easier to eat.
Stopped by this food cart for a quick lunch to take back to my office. The beef brisket bbq sandwich was very, very good. The fresh-baked kaiser bun was not too chewy, not too tender, but just right to hold its precious meat cargo. The dry rub + sauce gives the meat a layered depth of flavor. The brisket was tender, with a really good meat flavor coming through and not overpowered by the "spicy" sauce. Note: the spicy isn't really hot, just interesting and savory. I recommend it.

The broccoli raisin salad for the side was tasty, but next time I'd probably try something else.
Get Three Little Pigs - Best sandwich I've ever had!  Couldn't stop smiling while I ate it.
Hands down the best pastrami sandwich I've had in town. Very good beef and pork. It would be an everyday lunch option for me if they offered more vegetables/more healthful sides. As it is, Blowin' Smoke is an occasional treat.
I just ate what may be the messiest sandwich EVER, but it was a supremely noshable bit of smoky heaven.  This great food cart appears near my work on the West side every Wednesday (Charmany Drive), and my coworkers and I make a point to go each week.  I got the pork butt sandwich, which was sliced rather than pulled--a nice change.  I had a mix of the sweet and extra spicy sauce today, and the sandwich was spot-on.  My colleague wished he had more sauce on his sandwich, but I felt that mine was perfect, and that my white shorts were in jeopardy as it was.  Thumbs up!!
Not bad, not bad at all. I'm on a mission to try every food cart on the Capitol Square at least once, so obviously Blowin' Smoke was on my list.

I have to admit, being a born-and-bred Wisconsin girl, I don't really get the undying, passionate BBQ love thing. I mean, I like it well enough, but I don't understand the intricacies of sauces and spices and rubs, and I am not one to knock people over in a rabid rage to get good BBQ.

So with my inexperience on the table... Blowin' Smoke's beef & pork sandwich (recommended by the woman in the cart when I asked her for something for a first-timer) was really good. The bun held up well to its task, not too much sauce involved, and it had a nice kick without being too spicy. The coleslaw on the side was a great complement, too.

Overall? I'm not sure how often I'll end up going back to Blowin' Smoke, but I am definitely glad I tried it.
Ok, but pretty skimpy sandwich for the price.
Yummy, fast, reasonably priced food cart right on the square. When you can catch them, it's a treat! I believe they hang out near the Walgreens/Graze corner on weekdays until around 2pm.

 Their BBQ sauce is truly excellent, but sometimes the sandwiches are a little lacking in sauce quantity, so I always ask for extra. Spicy level sauce of course being my preference, but even their milder BBQ is delicious. (They have 3 levels of mild to super hot sauce, if I am not mistaken.)

True to their name, everything has that wonderful smoky note. Personally I prefer their pork to their beef, but I frequently end up ordering the mix of pork and beef together as I enjoy the textural difference this adds. An extra bonus is to ask if they have any burnt ends.  Love those little caramelized chunks of goodness! (And this is coming from me, Miss Medium Rare.)  

 I have heard others mention that sometimes their sandwiches are more filled or less filled depending on the day. This has only happened to me one time, and it wasn't like I felt jilted because their prices are pretty reasonable anyway. But one of their staff members knows me as a professional friend of a friend a little bit, and I feel like I always get a very hearty sandwich. I hope this is not because she recognizes me but because they usually give good portions. But everyone I have met there has been very sweet, helpful, and efficient.  

Definitely worth a try if you are a BBQ fan. I look forward to trying their new fixed-location restaurant one of these days!
I can just vision myself sitting on the beaches of Hawaii, enjoying the cool breeze and the sounds of the waves flowing in and out from the shoreline.  A clear blue sky as I lean back in my chair on the sand but then I open my eyes... and realize I'm still in Phoenix, enjoying a delicious and fresh Hawaiian infused taco from Island Loco.

I've only been to Hawaii once in my life and it has been a long time since I had some really good Hawaiian food.  Then, Island Loco came and chef Jeff Chang brought the flavors that reminded me so much of my trip to Hawaii so many years ago.

I treated myself to the fusion tacos.  Got one of each, the Kalua Pork with Lomi and the Teriyaki Chicken with Black Bean & Corn Salsa.  The tacos were a pretty good size and very appealing.  The meat just exploded with flavor and the salsa and lomi was very cool and refreshing.  Everything was infused really well and was just delicious "Kemika" ("Chemistry") in my mouth.

If you ever get the chance, try Jeff's tacos.  They are delicious, fresh and full of flavor.  And there is a Secret Menu item coming soon for Social Media fans as well so be sure to follow them as well.
Thanks Island Loco.  It was like I was back home in Honolulu.  Haven't had a great plate lunch in a long time.
Was lucky enough to find out that Island Loco was going to be in Gilbert yesterday.  We had the kalua pork plate, chicken Teri plate and the Teri chicken sandwich.  Everything was perfect!  My husband is from Hawaii and really enjoyed the flavors.  Sometimes the kalua can be very salty but not this kalua!  Looking forward to trying the teri beef next time.  The owners are friendly and doing a great job.  Mahalo!
Very nice people and great food!
I'm a sucker for a good plate lunch so it doesn't take much for me to check out a place that serves Hawaiian food. When I found out this food truck was going to be near my house I knew what I was having for dinner. Yes, you can have plate lunch for dinner.

If you don't know plate lunch is typically a serving of meat (teriyaki chicken, beef, etc.) a scoop or two of rice and a scoop of macaroni salad. Some places have other types of salad but in my opinion mac salad is this only real option.

I ordered the teriyaki chicken and boyfriend ordered the fusion tacos. Both entrees were $8 a piece. 

First of all the portion were huge. I swear I have never seen tacos this big. They were like burrito size. He described the teriyaki chicken taco as a mini chipotle burrito with teriyaki chicken as there was rice, beans and a kind of salsa in the taco. He liked the chicken better than the pork. 

In my plate lunch I got two large pieces of chicken, two scoops of rice and an oversized scoop of mac salad. The chicken was cooked well and had a good flavor but I would have liked more sauce on it. Maybe a little container on the side? The rice was good and the mac salad was tasty too. Not as good as Aloha Kitchen but better than most other places here in town.

Overall I still rate Aloha Kitchen as my number one place in town for Hawaiian but Island Loco is now a close number two.
Super yummy food!! A must is the crab Rangoon!! The owners are way cool. You have to eat here!!!
Island loco has the best crab puffs ever...crab rangoons...saw them at 4 peaks brewery...the new one in the industrial park in tempe...good beer and great streetfood...they are there like once a week..
Pretty good!  We tried some kalua pork tacos and malasadas at the Street Truck Festival.  The kalua pork tacos were pretty small, with more of a focus on the pulled pork rather than the taco as a whole.  The meat was moist, and had a nice flavor, although I do feel that Golden Hawaiian BBQ has better kalua pork.  The malasadas were the "Secret item" of the day (Show them their Secret Item picture from Twitter and you will get them in a little paper bag).  This was my first time trying them, and they reminded me a lot of Chinese-style doughnuts.  It had a nice sugary outer coating, with soft fried dough on the inside.  

If they are in the area, I'd definitely like to try Island Loco for more Hawaiian style eats!
Fresh..Delicious & exceptional customer service! This food truck came to our community. First bite, I almost melted..the tacos I ordered were so goooood! The coleslaw was so fresh, crunchy and full of flavor! The meat was very tender and just all around yum! I hope they come by again!
best tacos i've ever had!!! also the best cole slaw ever sold at this food truck!  you have to try it!!
Heard that Island Loco was going to be at Four Peaks' Tasting Room in Tempe on the 3rd and the 5th, so I decided I'd take visiting family and Mom along for our first try of both businesses yesterday.  (I've never had IL's products, but the food truck's offerings looked and sounded great, and the reviews have been pretty positive from a few Yelp friends that I know and trust.)  For some reason, I was under the impression there would be authentic Hawaiian sweets on board, perhaps shave ice (nope) or malasadas (fryers were being repaired), so it was a disappointment not to find any.  However, the food that we had were delicious, if not almost worth the pain I had to suffer soon after consumption!  We quickly found theTasting Room via smartphone's Navigation, saw Island Loco's food truck parked in front, and parked at a nearby space (there are many).  After ordering our food, we went into the Tasting Room (food would be brought to us), which was just a room with tables and a bar counter that faced a window that looked into the brewery's warehouse.  FYI, tours of said warehouse ISN'T available at this location.  While FP food isn't available, the manager was able to provide us paper plates and extra napkins to use, since the food truck only supplies the to-go containers in which the foods are placed and sealed plastic utensils, salt and pepper packets, and single napkin.

Between three adults and two children, we all were very satisfied with the three entrees ordered:

Kalbi short ribs platter, $11-- short ribs marinated in traditional Kalbi sauce, two scoops of hot rice, and choice of side (Hawaiian mac 'n cheese).

Fusion Sliders, three for $12 (or two for $9), choice of side and any combo of Kalua pork with lomi, Kalua pork with Asian slaw, and Chicken teriyaki with Asian slaw.  I chose one of each, plus more Hawaiian mac 'n cheese. 

Hawaiian burger with rice, fried egg (any style), and mac 'n cheese, with choice of brown gravy or another topping, which I've forgotten- sorry!

Everyone loved the Kalbi ribs!  So much so, Mom asked me to order another one to-go.  I found the meat to be too fatty, so I just trimmed the non-chewable gristle and put them aside.  The flavor is exactly like Filipino pork BBQ (on a stick), so Filipino Yelpers will know exactly how these taste!  :)  The Hawaiian mac 'n cheese was light, yet flavorful, and the noodles were tender, but not mushy!  I enjoyed this side very much, although I did notice too late that the dressing had very skinny and short ribbons of carrots (allergy), so it's one of those "enjoy now, and pay later!" deals for me.  :(  Mom said the rice was excellent--  she asked me to try it, but then remembered that I had an allergy.  She said it was a pity, since the texture was very good!

I asked Mom to see if the slider I was looking at was chicken (I try to avoid corn and anything that eats corn as much as possible), and she said it was pork, so after asking her again if it was chicken teriyaki, she said, "no, it's pork," I tried it.  Loved the texture, but it was definitely chicken.  I knew the slider next to this one was Kalua pork since I could spot it beneath the Asian slaw, but the other one had chunky lomi (Hawaiian-style pico de gallo) and I couldn't see what was underneath it.  (Obviously, I couldn't recall which slider came with the lomi topping, or I would not have to ask Mom to identify the meats...)  I can't recall if sister enjoyed the pork with lomi, but I think she finished the meat portion.  Everyone enjoyed the bites pork and the chicken we all passed around.  My only complaint was that the buns felt like pieces of paper on my tongue at times.  Y'know, as in when you sometimes take a bite of food wrapped in tissue and you get a chunk of paper stuck to the food?  So there I was, picking off what felt like paper on the tip of my tongue, and it's actually a piece of the bun- weird!  Otherwise, the buns had a mildly-sweet flavor to them and were tender.  They complemented the fillings well.  (However, I would wait until they chose another bun variety before ordering "slider" style again, because that paper texture was very annoying.)

Niece had the fried egg and brown gravy-topped burger patty over rice and choice side of Hawaiian mac 'n cheese to herself, and while she liked it, she preferred the Kalbi short ribs much more.  This entree was basically a Loco Moco, but I think it was named so, because you could also choose Japanese curry topping.

Bring cash if you don't want to be charged a card fee.  I think I was only charged one time, even though I had two transactions.
We finally got a chance to try Island Loco this past Saturday. Ordered kalua pork plate, teri chicken plate and malasadas. Kalua was not salty and perfectly seasoned and teri chicken was tender and moist. Most of all malasadas were to die for. Only complaint would be that not enough serving of sides. Wish they would give actual scoop of mac salad and lomi salad instead of in these tiny little containers.
One of my favorite food trucks!  The plate lunches i've had are the beef and chicken with white rice and macaroni salad and are delicious but if I see the saimin salad with chicken as their special, I grab it!  One of the best salads out there.  :)  I would highly recommend this food truck.  The people are super nice and the food is excellent.
Found the food truck for lunch while in downtown.   I had the kalua sliders with macaroni and both were great.  The kalua pig and the macaroni both tasted authentic which was good.  Spoke to the cook briefly and I have to say he was authentic Hawaiian also.  I was hoping to get some Malasadas but they werent selling any.  I would go back for dinner to try a mixed plate.
I'm giving them only 3 stars because of the long wait to get my food (20 minutes) and because the plate lunch was Meh.. I ordered the chicken teriyaki w rice and cole slaw plate lunch. $8.50. Chicken was over cooked and the pieces were so fatty, I probably threw away 1/2 of it.  Not sure if I'll try it again. 
(I went to this food truck at lunch on a Wednesday near the Capitol.)
Couldnt decide ending up going with the plate which included 3 meats and 2 sides, a huge portion of food and all of it was excellent. if i had to narrow it down to something smaller next time - would def go with the slaw, pork & chicken although the beef was excellent as well.

I'm glad I found that little green truck on Jefferson yesterday
The attitude of these guys sucks
Excellent food, great, friendly service! Great variety of dumplings. Salads are fresh and good.  Smoked salmon salad with balsamic and So Beefy Dumplings are just amazing. Ying/Yang specialty drink is unique and taste great.  A Madison food cart must try.
Someone said I should rate the food not the people.
If i go someplace and the people running it are rude or jerks, it does not matter how good the food is.  I do not reward  their lack of appreciation for my $$$.  I enjoy this type of food and thought this had the potential  to be a favorite but I won't go back BECAUSE OF their arrogant attitude.
At first I thought- okay, regular dumplings are pretty easy to make and kinda boring with typical ground pork and green onion type filling.  And if you have the time to make them, they're not that expensive.  I wasn't sure what to expect when I saw SoHo. I definitely did not want to pay for overpriced traditional dumplings.  BUT SoHo blew my mind away with their creative flavors.  My favorite is the So Hot Chick flavor- it is spicy and creamy and comes with this yummy dip. I just finished eating some dumplings and I licked clean the tiny plastic cup that the sauce comes in.  I think the price is also very reasonable- 3 for $2.50.  Their special today was mac and cheese and it was 3 for $3.  On Tuesday nights, the food truck sits near my house on Midvale Avenue near the softball field at Midvale Elementary.  The owner says they'll be there indifintely- at least through fall.  When I went there, I saw a gal bring her own little lunch box container to buy the dumplings- great idea!  Also, the truck guy says they're gonna serve rice congee for fall.  Yum!  During the week at lunchtime, the food truck sits at the corner of Main and Carroll near the Capitol.  It's food that is easy to eat when you're walking and it's super yummy.  Please support this food truck.
If an item on the menu has a large "100% vegan" graphic next to it, it should NOT be covered in real cheddar cheese.  Just sayin...

Otherwise, the "vegan" options (after actually veganizing them) were ok.  But it bugs me when a place pretends to care, so 2 stars.
The dumplings are really good and reasonably priced. The So Beefy and So Authentic are *So* good.

The salad was a bit of a let down. Salad in a bag with a bit of bacon and tomato with some ginger wasabi type dressing. I probably wouldn't get that again.
When on the Capital Square there are lots of good food carts.  I have to say my #1 is SOHO Gourmet Cuisines! This cart sells fusion dumplings that are made with some flare, salads and unique drinks. . I have been to this cart on multiple  occasion and  I have tried many of their offerings of dumplings, salads and drinks. 

 My personal favorite are the SO BEEFY! the dipping sauce is amazing, It offers a little bit of spice and great flavors. 

My favorite Special is the MAC & CHEESE! .all i can say is WOW!  

A new special I just tried yesterday was BARBECUE PORK (great flavors) with Pineapple Salsa sauce and it is fantastic as well.

On Farmers Market Days they offer 2 BREAKFAST DUMPLINGS, what could be better than breakfast in a dumpling.  

 If you like a lighter meal the salads are fresh and good as well. The homemade dressings are light and fresh. 

 They make a spicy ranch sauce that is good on ALL their dumplings. 

 Watermelon Spritzer is a great drink and it is very refreshing. 

This is a must go to cart for me.  Customer service on this cart is great and the prices are amazing!
Alright, peeps.  I do not love that I can not mix and match.  However, I love these dumplings.  The "So Beefy" were standard dumplings.  Good, but skip it and try something else.  I had the spicy chicken dumplings.  I am so in love.  I could have eaten a tub of these.  A TUB!  The sauce that went with them was the perfect match.

The dumplings were hot and juicy inside.  The spicy chicken was flavorful but not overpowering the spice.  

I have wanted to try to place for SO long and FINALLY I have!  Would it be bad to say I want to marry them?  Perhaps I will just stalk them and have my way with them whenever I can.  Either way, love is in the air and in the dumplings!
What can I say that hasn't already been said??!  My mouth is watering just attempting to write a review!  Great value, phenomenal taste...  Dipping sauces?  To die for...  YOU HAVE TO GO!!  Hopefully they'll open other carts/locations soon : )
Not baaaaad! Not bad at all. The dumplings are awesome (especially with the So Original sauce) and the guys that run the cart are super friendly and professional. The one thing I didn't love was that my ginger salad was a little heavy on the dressing. I'll definitely be back, though, and I'm excited to try some of their other kinds of dumplings and soups.
I liked these dumplings the first time I tried them in the summertime.  More Asian fusion and other ethnic food trucks in Madison, please!
I enjoyed it greatly. The spicy chicken dumplings were the best! Perfect spice and the dipping sauce was delicious!  Service was fast and friendly and informative. Keep up the good work! Also the price of the food is perfect.
The SoHo Gourmet food cart is so yummy. The So Chick dumplings are my favorite. The salads compliment the dumplings very well. Love that new rice boxes are being offered this year. I had a sample of the rice today. It was really good. I knew I should gotten out earlier.
Very interesting cart. I was drawn in by their dumplings and I have to give it up to the SoHo food cart for their unique approach on Asian dumplings. My favorite was their Hot Chick, which is buffalo chicken flavored. The best part about it was that they fry it up like a potsticker. Great contrast in texture. They also serve rice dishes too. The special of the day for the day was BBQ pork served with rice. But this wasn't like your everyday BBQ pork you'd have at a barbecue. This tasted just like the authentic BBQ pork I've eaten in Hong Kong (Funny enough the owner was from Hong Kong, which made a lot of sense). The pork taste just like Hong Kong style BBQ pork should. It was sweet and tangy with just enough char on it to compensate for the sweetness. It also came with the authentic ginger scallion sauce which was amazing. It came with a soy sesame salad, but how I wish the entire box was filled with the BBQ pork rice. And for $8 it beat buying a plane ticket back to Hong Kong because this was as authentic as you can get!
Really friendly and engaging owner. Willing to talk, work with you on orders, etc. Problem is, the dumplings (though very creative and exciting) do not deliver on taste. Inadequate fillings for the flavor profile. Beef dumplings have a very small meatball within, mac & cheese dumplings contain a couple pieces of mac noodles with little flavor. I really wish I liked it, but it's just bland and pricey dumplings that get good reviews due to their creativity.
The Korean bbq pork lunch box with kim chi and pickled cucumbers was knock your socks off good.  Such a welcome addition to the Capitol area food cart scene.  And thanks for the friendly vibe.
Food Truck Thursdays at Whole Foods Raintree:

Husband had the beef and I ordered the chicken lunch specials. The special comes with 2 skewers, some veggies, rice, and peanut sauce. I really enjoyed my chicken skewers, they were delicious - the sauce was good and the chicken was tender/moist. The steak skewers had good flavor, but the meat was dry, dry, dry. Husband tried to trick me by offering one steak skewer for one chicken skewer, but I declined. The rice was regular white rice, but the skewer sauce made it tasty. The veggies were lacking and minimal. The peanut sauce tasted like peanut butter mixed with chili peppers. Super sweet and suddenly spicy - I don't like spicy peanut butter. Overall, the chicken skewers were good and everything else was just meh.
Just found this little gem via my cousin who urged me to Like on Facebook.  I received a FB notice that the truck would be in Tempe today so I drove over.  The food is good, I had the steak satay meal.  I think that the price is a little high $8.50 for only 2 skewers but maybe because the satay was so good I would have liked 3 skewers for the price.  I hope that Satay Hut eventually has a restaurant because I would definately travel outside the East Valley to eat there.
Tried Satay Hut when we went down to the Gilbert Food Truck Court this past Friday night.  

Ordering - with only 1 customer in front of me, after the gal took her order, she told me that she would be with me in a moment.  5+ minutes pass by.  Did she forget she had customers at her window?  Who knows.  We decide to order from another truck.  However, after we're informed that it will take 30+ minutes to get our food from the other truck, I got back in line for Satay Hut.  

Though having your order taken even when you're at the window takes a while, I must say that you do get your order pretty quickly.  

We got a pork and a beef skewer.  The beef was tough, dry, and definitely overcooked.  Seriously a good thing I have all of my teeth.  I didn't bother giving any to Baby C.  The pork was not as tough, BUT it was extremely fatty.  And the peanut sauce was nothing to write home about - probably peanut butter with some type of chili sauce mixed in.  Really overpowering.  

At $3.50 a pop - I doubt we'll be getting satay from here again.
I rolled up to the downtown food truck affair that occurs every Friday and took notice of this interesting concept, Dutch-Indonesian.  

The name of their game is meat skewers, nothing too fancy.  If you ever had Satay Chicken at a Thai place, then you're not missing out.  

For $3 a skewer, that's not too terrible I guess.  During this visit, they ran out of rice, so getting a combo was out of the question.  I went ahead and opted for a Beef and Chicken skewer--came with a spicy peanut sauce.  The taste didn't really stand out telling you that you should try it again.

The overall menu is very limited.  When it comes to Asian cuisine, I always expect the flavors to just pop with a generous portion.  The biggest plus is that they have cheap protein on a stick but they fell short in the flavor department.  

My personal preference with food truck is--you need to bring your A++ game, the one or 2 item that can draw a crowd.  For instance, Short Leash Dogs' hot dog on a naan with interesting toppings.
Satay Hut was at the Gilbert Food Truck Food Court a couple weeks back and even with the tough competition, I decided to get food from their truck. Totally happy I did! My order came out faster than the other people I was with, who were waiting on food from other trucks! Nicely done. The food was really good. I got a meal and I felt it was the right amount of food to be filling but not stuffed. I also really liked they had a vegetarian meal option too!
I tried the satay meal with 2 chicken satays and it was great! The chicken was nicely marinated and came with several sides to make it a meal. The woman taking orders was very friendly and the food was made within 10 mins of ordering. The meal was $9, a little much for a small lunch meal but it was pretty filling and tasty!
Had the chicken satay at the Satay Hut. Very good, especially with the spicy peanut sauce that accompanies it. 
The peanut sauce could be a lot hotter before they offend anyone but it was still tasty. 
Meat was tender but with charred bits. Good stuff.
Had the beef kabob & tofu kabobs. Peanut sauce had a kick & paired with the kabobs perfectly!
Good food...they have skewers with small combos with a small salad and rice...peanut sause has a little kick. .
Love this place.  Great owners.  Delicious take on southern food.  Being from the South I take my biscuits and gravy seriously and these guys do not disappoint.  Their chicken is the truth.
First thing you should know about Old Dixie's: It is a food truck and thus you should visit their website to find where they actually will be located when you have a hankering for delicious food.

Second thing you should know about Old Dixie's: Jen, one of the co-owners, is amazing and will happily chat with you about the source of every ingredient featured on their menu, the methodology behind the various dishes, and anything else you desire. 

Third thing: The chicken, biscuit, and gravy sandwich is amazing. Everything is locally sourced as much as possible and cooked very well--the fried chicken was moist yet crispy, the biscuit flaky, and the country gravy was phenomenal. Can't wait to try the chorizo meatloaf and arugula sandwich next time!
5 stars as compared to other food trucks.

Best food truck breakfast (the only 'meal' I've had from them).  Biscuits and gravy, fried chicken biscuit with cheese, bacon and gravy (!!) and the breakfast biscuit (egg, cheese and bacon) all were top-notch.  Fried chicken breast was moist and well cooked.
Generous sized piece of white meat chicken, southern fried (with zesty spices) laid on top of a oversized biscuit covered in white gravy. Just like my grandma used to make. So full of flavor, so filling. I could only eat half before my belly expanded beyond the reach of my pants. Best $8 I've spent all day! I'm going to Facebook stalk them so I can partake in some more of their other southern goodness!
HOLY SHHHHHH......SMOKES Old Dixie, your one of my latest FAVORITE food truck to frequent.  I have even trekked out of my way after reading your post on Facebook of being set up at the Central Farmers Market one Saturday to satisfy a craving I had for your goodness. 

I am hooked on their SUPER SIZED Biscuits.  This is no Jimmy Dean Microwave Mini Biscuit Sandwich this is REAL and BIG.  I am sure they could put just about anything on or between these and it would be FABULOUS!  

As I daydream back to the first time I tried Old Dixie's it was a cool Autumn night in Downtown Phoenix, First Friday was in full effect and I had already planned to catch my dinner at one of the food trucks stationed at the Roosevelt Row Art Market .  I had tried each one there, some more than once....but this was new, uncharted territory for me and I was ready to experience it.    Reading the menu I didn't know what to expect  most if not all their sandwiches are $8.  Eight dollars for a biscuit sandwich I thought imagining some Pillsbury Grands Sized Biscuit or a KFC Biscuit.  But I thought what the heck, it is my goal to give every Truck a chance.  I ordered the Chicken, bacon cheddar and Gravy sandwich, and I was reassured by the young lady taking my order that I made a wise choice as that is one of their most popular.  

As I took a spot near the Pick-Up window,  I glance over to see another persons order....HOLY SH*T....is that the Sandwich?!   It was HUUUGE.  Shortly there after my name was called and I picked up my own piece of history.  Little did I know then that I would be quite taken with Old Dixie's.  

The biscuit , thick and the perfect balance between soft and sturdy enough to be a sandwich.  The chicken was a moist generous piece of crispy fried chicken breast.  This was then topped with a creamy authentic country gravy, thick smokey well cooked (not to much not too little) bacon and a slice of cheddar cheese.  LOVE....
I took on this sandwich with a Knife and Fork....and had to save half for later.

Since that day I have also tried their Carolina Pulled Pork Biscuit Sandwich.  A generous portion of  Pork  so smokey and tender  is topped with a mustard style bbq sauce and a red cabbage slaw.  

Ohhh  Old Dixie's I will be back and I will bring all my friends to come enjoy your down home goodness!
Pulled pork, dragon (beef), and chicken tacos were amazing and well priced! They are prepared with a layer of rice under the meat and toppings.
This place, is just amazing. They have the best asian inspired tacos I have ever had. Great service, great food, and great Prices.
I decided to try one of their to-go dishes because I don't see too many food trucks around in Vegas. I tried Korean galbee and it was absolutely delicious! Their custom sauce on top of galbee sauce is just absolutely fantastic. I've been going back ever since for more. Definitely recommend. Also, the owners of the food trucks are very lovely people. 

Howard
While the cafeteria is being renovated at Mountain View Hospital, there are food trucks that set up shop for the day. I got lucky during my work shift and got to taste Dragon Grille for lunch. 

Upon walking about to the stand, The gal working erased the pork off of the board of available meats. She said they had just ran out. Darn. So my choices were the shredded beef and the chicken. The gal suggested that I do a combo of the two since I wasn't able to make up my mind. As for the sauces, they have 5 different kinds - ones I remember were the Korean Galbique, Hawaiian Shoyu and the Asian Sweet Chili.

DG gal said that the Korean galbique was the most popular and her hubby's fave. Since I'm Korean, I opted for something else, so I got the Asian Sweet Chili. Creamy with a tad hint of sweetness - delish! I did crave some heat and thank goodness that they had pre-packaged sriracha sauces! The small bowl is $6 and the large is $8 for meat with your chosen sauce over white rice. Adding veggies is $1. Canned soda is also $1.

I paid via credit card. They had an iPad that took payments. They can either print your receipt, email or text it. I thought that was kind of cool. Never had my receipt texted to me before!

I was completely satisfied with my small bowl. I can't wait to go back and get me some more. Just wish they'd regularly come to Mountain View even after the cafeteria re-opens again!
Extremely clean and friendly food that stations around town offering the best in mobile lunch in Sin City. I love how awesome this lady owner interacts with her customers. She is a true hustler. Her husband, the chef, also a cool guy. They seem to have a good idea of what they want to offer and surely have everything organized. 

As for the food, I was not a huge fan. I had the chicken and shredded beef with two types of sauces on the side. I actually had a stomachache after this. I was sure never to try this place again but decided if they are ever in my area, I will give it another chance. Maybe it was something in the air and not the food that caused my stomachache pain......???? who knows....
Once again, Dragon Grille kills it at a great event at BOH Brawl lastnight. Had a quick bite to eat before the chef battle/ Always good food from Dragon Grille. Highest quality for sure- All night, couldn't even see them since there was a crowd of people surrounding them! Great job, Keep up the good work!
So all of the insane options at Foodie Fest my boyfriend and I visited Dragon Grille on our second round of eats.
And trust me we RAVED about those tacos.
He had the chicken teryaki and I had the brisket with the sweet hot type sauce. Can't remember the name, oh well they said it was new anyways.
My lanta.
Those tacos were both equally amazing.
I scoffed at his bland selection only to be amazing at how satisfying it was.
Mine was though by far the winner. Even my non foodie boyfriend has been grumbling for more since the event two weeks ago. Can't wait to see them at StrEats.
Definitely a worth while stop!
Holy tacos!  My first stop while visiting Vegas StrEATS and we ordered the Asian infused tacos with brisket and my life is forever changed.  One taco and a little sriracha and I am hooked. Totally quality food.  The meat had huge flavor.   I have a new favorite food truck!  Holla!  The chickie with the cute accent that greets you in the front was such a sweetheart and she could have talked us into anything. LOL  I honestly could have had several tacos but my peeps wanted to try a few different things from other trucks however the thought of this taco is still lingering in my head.  I can't wait till then next time we meet Dragon Grille.  Thanks!
great service, had the korean beef rice bowl. please tell me where this truck will be so i can eat it all. yummmmmm
If your looking for a quick bite to eat, or some one to supply fabulous food at your party; look no further! I was fortunate enough to enjoy Dragon Grille before they relocated their food truck to various business and events around Las Vegas. My words can only describe a TASTE of what Dragon Grille has to offer. With their various yumyum sauces (as I would like to call them) added to either chicken or beef you can be satisfied for hours. Soft, sticky, japanese, sushi-grade, white rice pillows your choice of pulled beef or chicken. You can add fresh, steamed veggies as well. It is your choice of six different sauces to drizzle or drench the already succulent meat in. Obviously, being asian myself, I add Sirracha as well as either the sweet chili or galibicue (dragon) sauce to my chicken dish. With a small bowl you can get away with spending only 7 dollars and waiting about 5 min for your food to be prepared. It doesn't get any better than that!
Found Dragon Grille at foodie fest and went back there again and again. Super nice people and the food was just amazing. Everything we ate, we compared to their Korean beef taco with galbi q sauce. I went home with a rice bowl even. Instant new favorite
Tried the Hawaiian Shoyu Chicken Tacos and Sweet Asian Chili Beef Tacos...AMAZING!!!! A definite repeat eat!!!!
Stopped by Dragon Grille while it was at the Foodie Fest at Silverton Casino. Tried the pork tacos with chipotle sauce. They were delicious. A good balance of ingredients. Nothing over powered anything else and it all worked very well together. I am looking forward to trying the sliders that were offered the next time I eat here. The fact that they have 6 different sauces to mix and match with the meat options makes this a place to go back to. I highly recommend Dragon Grille to anyone wanting to try Asian Fusion cuisine!!
very good and worth going out of the way to get , if you ever get a chance to grab a mouth watering Dragon bowl or dragon taco I highly suggest you do without hesitation
Tacos are absolutely delicious.  I have not once eaten here without being 100% satisfied. I have tried the chicken, the beef brisket, amd the pork and mutiple sauces and have loved them all! Super friendly staff and great food. Can't beat it!!
Seriously!?!?  How in the HEII am I the first person to write a review for Sandra Dee's Catering!?!?  Crazy!  But woohoo ~ First Review!!  :)

I had made an executive/birthday decision last night for dinner.  It was either drive down to Fudds in Tempe and use a birthday coupon or do something else.  I decided to check out the Phoenix Street Coalition's facebook page and see if there were any food trucks gathering.  Lo and behold - Sandra Dee's was going to be right around the corner from us in Old Town!  I inform J...let's skip getting stuck in traffic and check this place out.  I'm certainly glad we did!!

Sandra D is very friendly and when I asked if I should get the Shrimp or Catfish Po boy, she suggested the shrimp and trying a basket instead.  So I could try the shrimp on their own.  I decided to go with her suggestion.  

OMFG - The shrimp was AWESOME!!!  Lightly coated.  Not undercooked.  But not rubbery.  Awesome seasoning.  The sauce provided to dip, tasty too, but not needed.  The shrimp stood on their own.  :)  Seriously, these shrimp were so good that J enjoyed a few pieces too, and he's not a big fan of crustaceans!  

As we were getting ready to leave, Sandra comes out of the trailer and I inform her that my dinner was amazing!  J, SD, and I get to talking and she mentions her gumbo.  We end up getting a sample of it to try.  That too was flipping amazing!  

J's take on the Gumbo - "I'd describe the gumbo as sensational.  Well seasoned with a broth that puts others to shame.  The andouille was spectacular.  Firm and savory.  The shrimp perfectly cooked and every bite balanced"

We look forward to visiting Sandra Dee's Catering truck again!  :)
This food truck/trailer is a must visit. Creole Cooking that is Oh So Good! The gumbo was phenomenal as is the shrimp, and I am not a shrimp fan in the least. To say I'd order a Shrimp Basket for myself should speak volumes about the skill with which Sandra crafts her offerings.

From Shreveport, Louisiana, Sandra bring a wealth of Creole knowledge and you'll be glad you sought out her truck with every tasty, savory bite! Sandra, herself, is such a nice, personal, ebullient lady, serving up heaping helpings of friendly chitchat along with her catfish, shrimp and porkchop po' boys done the right way.

Be sure to follow her on Twitter (@SandraDeesFoods) to find out where she's parking the trailer and get yourself some Good Eats!
A welcome new addition to the ASU Food Truck Block Party.

Id heard about Sandra Dees southern fare for a while now. My hubby ordered their southern fried chicken (comes w/ fries) and I had the creole hot wings. They were out of water they day we went, so we drank the koolaid (ha ha).

My wings were....average. I didnt taste any creole seasoning, just hot buffalo sauce. My hubby, however, loved his fried chicken. The one taste he allowed me to have was very good. The chicken was moist and the breading had just that right crunchyness. Great seasoning too.

While I was disappointed in my meal, it wont stop me from going back to try something different.

See you next week Sandra Dees!
Great food and Southern charm - can't get any better than that.

Catfish done perfectly.  Cannot say good enough things about the fried fare; shrimp, catfish, chicken baskets all delicious and a must try especially for first timers.  Creole sauce and hot sauce are amazing accompaniments.  

Some of the best gumbo I've had in Phoenix and also a must try if it's on the menu.  Poboys are awesome - go for the catfish or shrimp.

If Sandra has crawfish available, give it a try.  Absolutely delicious and fun to eat!
UM Yum!!!! 

Sandra Dee's was parked outside of my office today. The advertisment sent by our complex via email was very unassuming. It simply stated Sandra Dee's Catering with a picture of a truck and a short list of menu items. Benigets, coffee, biscuits and gravey Chicken and waffles. I thought hmmm not everyone can do biscuits and gravy justice maybe I'll check it out. 

Then I looked them up on Yelp and found that Sandra Dee is from Louisianna! Jack pot! It's against the law to be from Louisianna and not know how to cook B N G! Well at least it should be. So now fueled with this new information I am on a mission to hit up this food truck!

Wow the flavor! A few bites of biscuit were dry however the generous serving of very flavorful gravy moistened it right up! I will definately keep my eye out for more goodies from Miss Sandra Dee! I think the Dee is for Deelish!

Might have to go back for a Beniget!
For me, Sandra Dees exemplifies the true essence of a small business / food truck. She is not trying to be anyone she is not, her food is genuine, and she takes pride in making sure her product is top notch.

Had the shrimp which was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly. It came with a little ramekin of some delicious sauce I would drink on its own.  Keep up the good work!!
Fantastic shrimp po-boy!  The ingredients were really fresh, the bread was soft and tasty, the shrimp crispy and the sauce was delicious.  It will be hard getting anything else.  I'll have to though since their other dishes look great as well!
I had high hopes when I saw an Asian fusion food truck on the ASU campus, but I was very disappointed with my first experience. I ordered the K-Pop tacos, since putting Asian fillings inside a taco was one of the best ideas anyone (i.e. Kogi in LA) has ever had. The filling at Fan Boy was quite good: marinated chicken in a Gochujang style sauce, green onions, sesame seeds and kimchee. Unfortunately, the filling was served in the worst stale, cold, dry, nasty corn tortillas I've had the displeasure of eating in a long time. They were complete garbage. Whoever thought it would be acceptable to serve tacos on that crap should be fired. Like serving a sandwich on stale bread, it doesn't matter how good the filling is. A bad tortilla ruins a taco. The filling was promising enough that I will still try Fan Boy again. Once. If the next dish has another huge flaw, I'm done with them.
This is pretty good food on the ASU campus. I have had the Fan Boy Bowl and the shogun chicken bowl and I think that it is quite tasty. The marinated meats are tender delicious and the vegetables that come on the plate are pretty good too. The pineapple cucumber relish that came with the shogun bowl is awesome! The only payment methods they take are M&G and Credit cards, no cash. For about $6 a bowl, it's a pretty good value at ASU. One caveat is that sometimes I've gotten food from them that is only luke warm for whatever reason
This truck is delicious and adorable. Tried the Fan Boy fries (criss cross fries and marinated beef) and the bacon-wrapped hot dog. Sooo good. Sooo full.
Such yummy food and an adorable truck! :D Just make sure you have M&G or a credit card to order b/c they don't accept cash. Get the fries!! That was my first meal and I loved it :D
Fan Boy Fries are the best :] i love them
Orange chicken and lettuce wrap are really good! Try them, you won't regret it.
Oh my I spotted this bad boy at the Tempe Campus right in between of the Apache Parking Structure and the BAC Business Building!! 
After seeing this truck parked there around 5:00pm till about 7:00pm I decided to pay them a visit and see what they had to offer. Boy was I glad I did, since they offered much healthier meal options then the MU does! Makes me and my tummy very happy. 
They have delicious and quickly prepared bowls or sides! Top notch ingredients and flavors. For example, I went with their B.Y.O.B. (Build your own bowl) and selected the marinated stir-fry chicken, along with stir-fry veggies, white rice, spicy teriyaki sauce and a bit of their ninja dust, which was recommended for an added spicy kick. Oh my, it was OH SO GOOD and healthy too!! So I was glad I decided to try them out! 
The service was super sweet and friendly! Great experience!! High five to that and a well deserved A++ 
I will be paying them more visits I'm sure!! :)
Since my initial review, Fan Boy has really improved their game. Menu items that didn't cut it were removed (i.e. the tacos). Things still aren't perfect (service issues like seemingly regular failures of the credit card system with no possibility of payment by cash, uneven rice quality, food served lukewarm), but the improvement is definitely significant. Hopefully Fan Boy will continue to work to improve their product and service.
Went to Food Truck Friday and decided to try these guys out and get a Blue Cheese Burger.  After waiting in line i was told "opps, forgot to take the sign down, don't have blue cheese".  I decided to get a Grilled Buffalo Chicken Sandwich instead and i was very pleased (even though i still wanted the burger).  They had a good selection of food, fries, drinks, etc., along with a whole condiment bar.  Next time i find these guys i will definitely get a burger!
Decent burgers.  Decent price.  A lot of burger choices!
Dee-li-shus! I love this food truck. I try to stop by every time I can at food truck friday, and I will definitely buy yummy burgers from them any time I see them elsewhere too!
Tried this at Food Truck Friday.  Southwest Pork Burger with Sweet Potato Fries was awesome!
Burger was not good and fries were undercooked and soggy

Could not even finish any of the meals by the 4 of us - what a shame
This review is after two visits at the Food Truck Caravan Saturday night at 5th & Goldwater in Scottsdale.  My family tried them first and I on the second trip.  Burgers Amore offers grass fed ground beef in their burgers which are seasoned perfectly that goes well with the taste of the beef itself.  My only complaint is that they are not able to lettuce wrap your burger or offer GF buns.  Their crinkle cut fries were not the best the first time and choose to pass on them on my turn.  I will try other items off this truck when I run into them again.
While the Bacon Cheese and the Mac n Cheese burgers weren't BAD necessarily,  I was very underwhelmed. For a burger truck, I was hoping to get a phenomenal burger, but the bun was the heaviest part. It was just kind of bland and nothing more.
This review is strictly for their freshly prepared Agua Frescas..../ Drinks! OOOOOHH WEE they were delicious! Drinks have huge pieces of fruit in them... and are $5.00 each. If you return the mason jar they give you $1 back! Can't wait to go back and try the rest! Perfect for a hot Phoenix day!
Now, that's Amore! This one of my favorite food trucks. The Bacon Bison Cheddar Burger is delish and the guy taking orders is really friendly and a lot of fun. I'll be back to visit them again next Food Truck Friday.
This has probably been my favorite food truck experience in Phoenix yet.

This is a burger truck, so don't go here unless you want a burger, but they have a variety of burgers to please all but the pickiest of eaters.  Start with a basic cheese burger with american cheese, or go for a chicken burger if eating cows isn't your thing.  They also have bison burgers, and a wide variety of pre-configured toppings, or create-your-own!

I had a California Avocado Burger (check out the picture I uploaded) which was a very respectable burger.  It was cooked medium-well, with thick slices of avocado and bacon on top, a nice spring mix, and no onion (you have to keep your breath fresh for those after-food-truck-lunch rendezvous).  I can't comment on the fries, but the burger was filling, fresh, and delicious.  The guy running the truck was also friendly and efficient, which I appreciate!
YUM! I love anything grilled cheese and this place did not disappoint. I was able to check out this truck at the Streets Food Festival. I got there early and luckily the line for this truck was not too bad. When we were leaving, the line was crazy. There is a reason though. The grilled cheese was delicious. I got to try a brie and green apple grilled cheese. Oh I still dream of this concoction. It was just crispy enough and had so much delicious cheese. I just wish it was bigger or that i ordered too. My husband had a grilled cheese with fritos, spicy cheese, pork and he was amazed. He does not get excited by food, but he got excited by this. We loved it.
Follow them on facebook. They are franchising their trucks, and keeping a truck in Phoenix now. I will definitely be going again. It is also owned and ran by veterans- so I felt even better giving them my money.
The Wife and I were to run errands after I gave Blood on Saturday, and as we were going to be on that side of town anyway, we drove out to the Gilbert Farmer's Market to grab some grub from the trucks that were gathered.  Thus I discovered the Grilled Cheese Truck.

At first glance at the eclectic menu of melty goodness, I saw the prices and pondered whether $7 was just a bit too much for a Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  After careful consideration, and spying what looked like the tastiest thing on the truck, I figured I'd find out.

My Choice: The Pepperbelly Melt.  Composed of habanero jack cheese with homemade chili, cilantro lime sour cream, fire-roasted tomato salsa and crunchy Fritos, I was certainly going to find out.  The homemade chili itself makes it a formidable sandwich, but the habanero jack cheese ups the ante.  I added Bacon because that's how I roll.  It was relatively well balanced, with the chili just slightly edging the the other flavors to the background, to he point that I could just barely make out the cilantro sour cream.  I must have let the sandwich sit too long (less than a minute) because my Fritos were either not present, or soggy.  I would order it again, just to make sure this one wasn't a fluke.

The Tots that are available as a side a re a good complement, but not as much as tomato soup would be.  And, the Grilled Cheese Truck knows you don't fix what's broken ,offering Tomato Soup by the shot or cup.

I think, perhaps $7 is a bit much, but I'm willing to reserve final judgement until I visit them again and see if the Pepperbelly truly blows me away.

They are all over, and in many states, but check their website: http://www.thegrilledcheesetruck.com/, then get down there and give them a try.  They post their calendar for their cities there.
Some friends and I checked it out at sleepy dog and its delish! Tried the goat cheese, porkbelly, and apple pie grilled cheeses plus the tomato soup. All had distinct flavors and were yummy! Definitely worth tracking down!
Mixed experience here. The tomato soup tasted like and had the consistency of spaghetti sauce. It may be fine for dipping but not for sipping. On the other hand, the French onion soup grilled cheese sandwich was phenomenal. The end result?  The sandwich met and exceeded expectations for something called The Grilled Cheese Truck so that outweighs the awful soup - 3 stars.
What a mess of an experience. Decided to try them at the Scottsdale Arts Show. They had a healthy line going, so I gathered bad things I'd heard must have been fixed.

Nope.

I'll give it as a list. People were getting their sandwich an hour after getting in line. We waited a half hour for ours after ordering, but not sure how long we were in line before that. A half hour for a grilled cheese sandwich... at a food truck? Ridiculous. They could have told people about the wait or done other things to help, but nope. People ended up comparing the time stamp on their receipts to try and figure out which order things were coming out in and when they might get their food.

So we got the food... and my wife's order was wrong. I had a special order, which they got right, but she ordered one of their standard options and they messed it up. We debated complaining but, what, wait another half hour to fix it?

The sandwiches were okay at best. They came out nice and hot, but just not that exciting. Certainly not worth the wait and hassle on a food truck that doesn't seem to have their act together.

"Grilled cheese" is a comfort food that people love, so I think that's where they're getting a lot of their draw when they show up. Pass them by and hit a different one of the great food trucks if you have an option. I've never seen a place put so much discomfort in comfort food.
Disapointing after a 20 minute wait. I had the "Fully Loaded" and the Smores. Neither was worth the wait. I was hoping the sandwich would bring home good family mories, which it did. It made me miss my mom's cooking which was much better.
Meh. It's just a grilled cheese sandwich. Nothing else. I can make the exact same thing at home and not pay $8 for it. Like someone else said, this is just a fad.
My favorite food truck of all time. I'm having them cater my wedding.
This... Was an interesting forced upon find... Like... They found me. Literally.

I was minding my own business at work when an email came through from the big bosses that this food truck would be in the parking lot. Apparently they'd demanded their presence. And then every employee in my call center, including my boss, began chattering all excitedly like Gollum to his precious about the noms to be found inside this obnoxious colored food truck,.

I was intrigued.

I was even more intrigued and skeptical when I learned this was a truck that only served grilled cheese.

And then I learned more... Like... They're not your average cheese and soggy bread sammiches!

I ordered, at my boss' behest, the Cheesey Mac N' Rib with BBQ pork and tots.

This should be illegal. It's to die for, and their bacon mayo:? Equally heinous and just... wrong. Food truck food should NOT taste this good. Ever. My skepticism was shattered.

Only complaint? It took 20 minutes for my order to be up. My break is an hour long... That was precious facebook time wasted so I'll remove a star, but other than that? Holy God. Please come back!
OK worked the Great AZ Beer Festival, had a pepperbelly sandwich, with chili, freto's and habenero cheese, it was the bomb. They do corporate events and charity events also, all the cooks and servers are funny and really know their stuff.

Cheese is an american favorite food, these guys know their cheese...
I will not give them more or less stars because to be honest anytime you have a food truck you don't expect much.  The pricing on these grill cheeses seemed high and I never struggle with paying more but you ask me to pay, I ask for good food.  Lets just say the different selections I ordered didn't sell me.  I was hoping for a great tasting grill cheese and instead I self reflected with nostalgia from my grade school lunch tray..  The tots tasted like they came from a Safeway and the cheese on my sandwich seemed to be picked up at the next aisle.  I appreciate the attempt.
I have seen this truck around Los Angeles and after catching up with one in Scottsdale I found out that they have 3 in L.A. and 2 in Phoenix area.  

I got the "fully loaded" which is sharp cheddar, macaroni and cheese, pulled pork, caramelized onions.  The combo version of this comes with your choice of tomato soup or tater tots and a drink.  The sandwich itself was great and has enough on it to fill you up but at $11.75 for the combo I was not happy with the soup.  It was really chunky almost like chile, I think it would be much better paired with the grilled cheese if it was more like a bisque.

I will try it again next time I happen to see one of these trucks but without the soup.
This truck is awesome. They make probably the most genius sandwich known to man, the grilled cheese with Mac n cheese AND ribs on it. Absolutely incredible. If they had a location I'd be there all the time!
I was all excited but it was very average. Over priced for what you get. They use typical small size bread like what you'd use at home, and it does not hold up well or get a nice crunch. They could do a lot better w/ quality "deli" sized bread which they could grill longer/slower for that all important crunch you expect w/ a grilled cheese sand. The flavor is not bad but they missed the boat.
Only thing we had was a customized dessert melt with roasted banana puree, graham crackers and marshmallow since we wanted to try out several trucks but it was to die for delicious. They had a ton of menu options so we can't wait to go back again!
Our family loves Grill Cheese sandwiches and I make them at home all the time with some awesome ingredients.  I checked the calender and found out they would be close to us so we went.  I was a little disappointed.  The bread was just plain bread nothing fancy like rolls or croissants, they did not have ice cream shakes like i heard they had from a friend.  My friend ordered the three cheese with bacon which was a whopping $7.75 really for a sandwich...I ordered a specially designed three cheese with brie, American and the fancy swiss since they only had Goat's cheese with tomatoes.. My sandwich the cheese was not melted all the way so it was crunchy and they were both very very salty, they should use unsalted butter.  I was not impressed, over priced sandwiches, nothing unique, very boring.  I will not be back.  I make them better at home using different breads and ingredients.   This was the Scottsdale AZ truck.  They staff were really nice.  One of the cooks used to cook for the Navy and was stationed on submarines. cool - the highlight was talking to him not the food.
I had the Fully Loaded special today for lunch and wasn't impressed at all, the pulled pork had no flavor, the mac and cheese was average and the sharp cheddar overpowered the entire sandwich. I gave it a try like I wanted to but I won't be back, for $9 I could have had something better from Food Truck Fridays.
I really had to argue with myself whether to give this place 3 or 4 starts.

Food truck Wednesday consists of a handful of trucks going to a car dealership off Raintree and Hayden in Scottsdale. Most people in my office have heard of some that go there but didn't know about these guys.  A few months ago when they opened this location, they came into our office and told me that they would be around and I have wanted to try them ever since.

Fast forward to today when I have a pregnant woman in the office and me having a fat attack, we decide its the perfect day to go for a visit. 

We had searched their menu online and had a good idea of what to order before we got there. Their special today was chicken and fried waffles grilled cheese with gravy sauce for dipping. It looked good but I didn't see anyone else order it and I already had my mind made up. 

My friend ordered the Mac and Cheese grilled cheese with a side of tots and their bloody mary ketchup. I ordered the Mac and Cheese grilled cheese with tomato soup side. The sandwich was good with sharp cheddar. I have never had pasta in my sandwich before so it was a little weird eating as the pasta would sometimes slip out - but it was good! The bloody mary ketcup was good, it tasted more like a cocktail sauce but it was nice and spicy and refreshing the way the drink is too. Tots are tots are tots -deep fried nuggets of potato and I love them.

The soup was where I had more of an issue. I didn't have an issue with the flavor. It had great tomato flavor with the yummy licorice of basil mixed in however it wasn't a soup....it was closer to a thick marinara sauce that you would eat on pizza or with mozzarella sticks or something more to that nature. Now don't judge me too hard but this is how I would do it if I were them:

Create something called Grilled Cheese Dippers where you cut the sandwich in strips rather than triangles, thus making dipping easier. Use the great soup/sauce as the dip and you have yourself a great meal. Create a velvety creamy tomato soup for the actual soup part and then give people the option of what they want. 

I literally had to spoon the "soup" onto my sandwich to make it would because eating this "soup" was as if I opened a jar of pizza sauce and heated it up. 

I will go back here. I know they have great flavors and I even saw a special for a caprese grilled cheese. And their regular menu items seem like they are awesome as well. I can't wait to give this place another chance.
I love this truck. I have had it 3 times now. It has come down in Tempe to World of Beer and now is coming to my work. Expect about $10 for a sandwich, 1/2 order of tots, drink, and ketchup. Two of the times I have had the buffalo chicken with blue cheese. The other was the mac and cheese with rib (fully loaded). Both are excellent. The tots are great, especially with the bloody mary ketchup dipping sauce. I definitely recommend this one!
We've gone to food truck caravan 3 times now and these guys have been there every time.  The lines are always the longest at this truck so we avoided them the first two times.  This last time we got to food truck caravan early so we decided to try Grilled Cheese while the line was short.  We ordered the Fully Loaded which is a grilled cheese with Mac and cheese and BBQ pulled pork on French bread.  Not surprising, it was very good.  We also ordered a grilled banana French toast, which was just ok.  As good as the Fully Loaded is, it was still a little pricy.  Also, I wouldn't wait the long lines for it.  So for those two reasons I took away a star.  Other than that, they do make a nice grilled cheese.
Tried this at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan - a grilled cheese lover's dream! Pure artery clogging goodness. 

My friend and I split two of the sandwiches, one was the Cheesey Mac and Rib - definitely our favorite of the two. It was full of mac n cheese, sharp chedder, bbq pork, and caramelized onions. I can't remember the other one we tried - it was good, but didn't even compare to the Cheesey Mac and Rib.
Note to ownership, please offer gluten-free bread!  We ran into them at the Food Truck Caravan in Scottsdale on Saturday night.  My daughter and wife had a grilled cheese that contained mac & cheese and rib which they went gaga for!  They also had tater tots that had a toasted Parmesan ranch dipping sauce which was excellent!  My daughter wants to try this truck again.  I will if they have GF bread next time.  I can tell you that their truck had a sent coming off it that had me thinking about eating bread again for a second, it was good!
After a great meeting at CO+HOOTS, my boss and I decided to check out the Grilled Cheese Food Truck parked outside. We split the Grilled Mac and Rib and a side of perfectly crispy tots! I know these sandwiches are probably not on my diet, but sometimes it's worth a special treat! I tried the bloody mary ketchup and it was a little spicy, but really good. I also had to have a side of regular ketchup for dipping my tots, but that's a personal problem. Some have called me a ketchup addict. Maybe, but I happen to think it's under control!  

Good idea for a successful small business. There aren't many people that don't like a good grilled cheese sandwich. How about a little tomato soup on the side in the future? Sounds like an amazing combo to entice men and women, alike!
If I could give no stars I would. After my boyfriend tried to convience me not to get a grill cheese, being a chef he said he'd just make me somthing as good if not better at home, I refused and said I want to support local business and try this place because of the great reviews!  I went over alone and ordered the three cheese with blue cheese,aged cheese and one another I can't remember. Came out on a standered white peice of thin bread with a little cheese. The cheese wasn't even melted after eating half of it my boyfriend wanted to take it back and have them actually melt the cheese all the way. When he returned he told me they rudely looked at him like how dare they bring this uncooked grill cheese back.  They didn't even appoligize...said nothing at all to my boyfriend. I was okay with the bad grilled cheese but terrible customer service in the food industry...unacceptable. How can you be a grilled cheese food truck and not know how to make grilled cheese and be to over the top pricey! Wow...thank god I had an unbelievable lobster roll at the lobster ladies truck before this let down. Should of spent my hard earned cash at the pho king...never again will I support them.
Mmmm! I came here during the first Friday event downtown, and I ordered the grilled cheese Mac and rib sandwich, which was Mac and cheese with pulled pork over sweet BBQ sauce and it was as delicious as it sounds. It's cooked to order so there's a bit of a wait. The lady asked me if I wanted a combo for three more dollars which included either a cup of soup or tots, and a soda. I chose the tomato basil soup. It's difficult to eat soup at the festival without a table and walking around, so I regretted getting the tots. The soup would have been great with the sandwich but I ate it after my sandwich and it wasn't that great to me. It was tomatoe-y and reminded me of prego, but had it been with my sandwich, I'm sure it would have been amazing.
Ripoff city. No creativity with bread or layers of cheese, etc. This place has become corporate. Go look at their website and they are selling franchised trucks to roam the country. They lost the quality, but it was my first time eating at this truck. Caught up to these guys at the Cravan in Scottsdale with five other trucks. I had the $5.50 three cheese melt and added marmalade onions for a buck. It was just like I make at home and I should have opted for that decision. Normal slices of wheat bread, small amounts of cheese and the blue cheese was not even melted properly. Take some time, rethink the product your serving and make it better than it should be. I think this truck is too far gone now to return to having unique food.
A friend has actually rented this truck out for his birthday.  Fun idea, but grilled cheese?  That's a pretty simple dish, right?  Ah, but have you had pulled pork, cheese, and macaroni on a grilled cheese sandwich (a.k.a. the Cheesy Mac & Rib)?  Now that I have, I'll never look at the humble grilled cheese the same way again.  The buffalo chicken grilled cheese sandwich is equally worthy of praise, mixing in equal parts savory and spicy.  I also got an order of their s'more melt for dessert.  A mix of marshmallows, graham cracker, and Nutella.  This one was a little bit disappointing.  It tasted pretty good, but was much lighter than I expected and I think it could've used more Nutella.  Still, all in all a good meal with great unique twists on their menu to choose from.  A food truck definitely worth a try if you can track them down
It isn't your childhood favorite grilled cheese "samwich" - American cheese on rainbow bread melted & browned w/margarine.  Nope, it sure wasn't a kid-favorite sandwich. It was a grown-up, way-better version of a good old American Grilled Cheese sandwich.

Double-cream Brie with bacon, smoked onion, bourbon marmalade and candied pecans all on black peppercorn bread. 

And that was just one of the grown-up grilled cheese options that the Grilled Cheese Truck offered.

How about Cheesy Mac & Rib on French Bread?
. . . or Buffalo Chicken Melt w/Habanero Jack & crumbled Bleu Cheese?
. . . or Goat Cheese Melt w/sundried tomatoes, Basil, Spinach on Roasted Garlic Bread?
. . . .or Three Cheese Melt (Gruyere, Aged White Cheddar, and Bleu Cheese)?

Of all the food truck options we tried the Saturday night we stopped in, the double-cream Brie was definitely my favorite. Would I get it again? Yep! I would, but I don't think my kids would. I may have to go home and make the American/Rainbow/margarine variety for them. Just saying . . . grown-up version. Definitely.
These guys are legit. Had them at my boyfriend's surprise birthday party at the house. Was so awesome. Food was delicious and the guys were there early for setup which was perfect!
Meh. 

That's about how I describe this food truck to others. It's not horrible...but it isn't great.

I work in Downtown Phoenix and The Grilled Cheese Truck was parked outside among two other trucks: The Pizza People and a creole-themed truck. There wasn't a line at the GCT, so I figured that was somewhat of a risk, but I decided to partake anyway.

I ordered the Brie Melt which is different at this truck than online. It doesn't come with Roast Beef, but rather bacon. All around, the sandwich was not the best. It was too burned on the bread and loaded with more onions that bacon or cheese. I have read a few reviews regarding their sauce options, but the variety was lacking this time. The tater tots were cooked well. . . not burned like the sandwich.

I'll have to agree the price is a little steep for what you get. I have frequented many food trucks and paid a similar price and feel I had better quality food and presentation than this place. 

Would I try it again? Perhaps. If there are no other food trucks I am interested in giving a try, then I may opt for another go.
First off I have the write that the crew and staff of this truck were amazing!  Friendly, professional, and engaging.  Unfortunately, that is where it ended.  With all the hype, my expectations were pretty high, however I am sad to write that this was the worst grilled cheese sandwich I have ever tasted.  And the price was criminal!  $9 for a grilled cheese with bacon on white bread?  Really?  I have seen better sandwiches at my kids school cafeteria.  Honestly, I could have taken the $9, bought a loaf of good bread, a pound of bacon, real butter, and a block of cheddar and created a half a dozen sandwiches that tasted better!  I'm sorry guys, maybe you had an off day, but this was a horrible culinary failure.  So disappointed.
Awesome food... Not so awesome prices. You're looking at like ten bucks a person, and no matter how you make it, it's a grilled cheese. But if you're like me and you throw cost to the wind to try something unique, this is where you do it. Great food, unique recipes, and killer desserts.
I love the GCT and their story! Prices are a little high, but they've combined my two favorite foods. Mac&Cheese on a Grilled Cheese? YES PLEASE!
If you like grilled you will like this place! Only 2 kinds of bread but several cheeses to choose from & tons of topping options! I had pepper jack cheese with avocado & it was great! 

What appeals so much here to me is that everyone in each group can get a different product. It would be too much for me to buy 2 different loaves of bread, 3 different blocks of cheese & all the toppings. I don't  keep all this fatty food at home but it's nice to be able to get it here sometimes.

The price isn't cheap but not over the top- $8-$9 for a sandwich, tots & drink. 

They do have dessert options too that i haven't tried but look interesting- Like a smores sandwich!

I liked it & will be back. I gave 4 of 5 stars because there is only can soda (no fountain), it's a bit of a wait, & it's so unhealthy!
SO GOOD! I had the grilled cheese with mac n cheese on it. It was two of my favorite things in the whole world bottled up into one delicious sandwich! I am dying to hunt them down again and try another one. Their dessert sandwiches look incredible too. I will try the cheesecake one next time!
Dude! of all the food trucks I have tasted, of all the grilled cheese sandwiches I have had, they are doing it well! The tots were the bomb! I had the roast beef with horseradish and tomatoes and other stuff, it was amazing!
Sometimes good, sometimes not.

Tater tots are plentiful.  That much is appreciated.

They just got my order wrong and I ended up paying over $10 for something I didn't want and didn't eat.

Take a chance if you're feeling lucky.  The food isn't too bad.
I wanted to try something different so I went to the grilled cheese truck.  I got the Sweet Sriracha Chicken Melt. Total w tax $8.20. 
Honestly, it was dry and nothing special. A bit pricey for a grilled cheese sandwich.
Nice service. Fast & fresh. 
Would've given 5 stars if my drink were in a cup with ice vs. a can of soda. 
Delish French bread w/ my 3 cheese melt!!
I was so excited to try this place out at the Estrella mountain event on July 3rd. Unfortunately I was extremely disappointed especially after paying $8 with tax! I had the goat cheese melt the bread tasted old. I love goat cheese but whatever was in the sandwich was just bland. After my first bite the half I was eating completely fell apart.
Amazing! My husband and I went to JAM on a Thursday and had the pleasure of trying Hao Bao for dinner. We ordered the dumplings, chicken noodle soup, and scallion pancakes. The dumplings were fresh and full of flavor, some of the best dumplings I've ever had. I can say the same for the chicken noodle soup, you could tell the noodles were homemade, the chicken was cooked perfectly and the broth was awesome. The scallion pancakes were something different, crepe-like savory pancakes. The price is very reasonable too, a fresh, homemade dinner for under $10 per person. I would definitely recommend Hao Bao!
I love the fact we have food trucks here. It reminds me of the food stalls back home in Taiwan.

When I heard there is an authentic Chinese food truck in the city, I HAVE to give it a try! Finally made my way to their Miller Market location last night and ordered 4 items to go.

The beef noodle soup has got to be the best in the valley. I miss the flavor of a properly made beef noodle soup and Hao Bao's home made beef noodle soup hit the spot for me.

The handmade dumplings were delicious! 

And I love the fact that Hao Bao uses chicken thigh meat (dark meat) for the street treats, dark meat always tastes 110% better than white and actually quite healthy and the marinate is lovely!

Too bad the scallion pancakes got soft when I reached home, but it was still delicious with a little soy sauce. It did take me about 25 minutes to get home.

Keep up the great work and looking forward to try out the rest of the menu!
I first tried Hao Bao at the Street Eats Food Truck Festival earlier this month.  Their signatures dumplings were so good that I went back for them twice!!  They are amazing!  The wrapper is not too thick and the filling has the perfect balance in flavor.  Everything that you want in a dumpling!  

I tried their Chinese Noodle Salad yesterday and it was SO refreshing.  It is a cold noodle salad packed with veggies and a peanut sauce!  There is an option to add their chicken street eats to the salad and I recommend that you do.  The chicken is super juicy and so tasty!  I have no idea what is in their secret marinade but it is absolutely delicious.  I'm looking forward to trying their scallion pancakes next!  

This is the only Chinese food truck in the Valley and this is Chinese food done right!  Much props Hao Bao!  I will be visiting you again soon.
Let me start by saying I was SO excited for this new truck. I love dumplings and I love bao. So we went on a rainy Saturday morning at 8:45 to the Central Phoenix Farmers market after seeing the trucks post that they would be there at 8 am. We got there and....no truck! What? I was not thrilled.  We waited for a few minutes in the rain and saw the truck pulling in. It took them another 10 minutes or so to open. I went up to the truck and the guys who own the truck are nice and were very friendly. I ordered one order of dumplings and an order of sesame pancake. The owner of the truck brought our order out to the car since it was dumping rain. so anyway, the good: The sesame pancake was salty with big grains of salt....very crispy, hot, and delicious. The bad: The dumplings were a huge disappointment! I was expecting bao or something similar, but these were deep fried potsticker style dumplings. They were dry and full of oil. It just was too heavy and was not delicious. Also, for an order of dumplings it was about 7.50....that's pretty steep for what you're getting...when I was in NYC recently I got an order of 8 delicious dumpling for like 2$....I would go back for the sesame pancake, but I wouldn't get those dumplings again.
hao do I say this.... the dumplings were disappointing. not that they were bad, but they weren't anything special. and as one of the only four dishes they serve, I was expecting more. also -- for $7? meh, I'd rather go eat dim sum and get twice as many dumplings for that price. didn't try anything else on their menu, but if I came across this truck again I might try the noodle soup or pancake that other people seem to say good things about.
The dumplings are absolutely lipsmacking, id be back again :)
A bit of a limited menu (When we were here they only had beef noodle soup and dumplings), but the dumplings were fresh, hot, and delicious.  The filling inside was a good balance of ingredients, and held some juicy flavorful broth inside.  The dumplings were pan-fried to perfection giving them a nice crunch as you bit into them.  These dumplings are more like guotie than your typical idea of "Bao".  I like the name of the food truck and the mascot, but when I see a panda with a bao head, I kind of want to see some more bao-shaped things on the menu!

(Btw, Hao Bao means "Good Buns".... how saucy!)
The wife and I tried the truck on a whim when we were searching for some grub to soothe the savage beast.  Hao Bao and Sandra Dee's were camped out in their usual Thursday night spot next to JAM, a boutique in the Old Town area Scottsdale.

I ordered the Dumplings and the Street Treats.

The Street Treats... 

aheaheweqejxfdaserwrns h gxasedagd

... sorry, my keyboard shorted from me drooling in remembrance.  Marinated and seared to perfection, they were savory and ever so slightly spicy.  I could make a whole meal around just them.  At $4 a pop for an order, they are worth every cent, and that's saying a lot given this economy!

The dumplings were good, if a tad underseasoned.  They had been steamed and then seared as any proper potsticker should be, but had a limp feel to them.   Also, they didn't come with any of the traditional soy/scallion dipping sauces that generally accompany dumplings. The order of 6 was $7.  A tad over priced given what I got and should probably be in the $5-6 range.

I was also disappointed that, given a name like Hao Bao,  they didn't actually serve the steamed bun Bao that I'd been so eager to try.

All that being said, I would visit them again (and will be tomorrow night) as I'd like to try their Scallion Pancakes and the Noodle Soup.

Give them a shot, but don't expect any Bao with your Hao.
We tried Hao Bao a few weeks ago at JAM in Old Town.  J got an order of Street Treats and an order of dumplings. 

When our order was up, the dumplings were not what we had expected.  I know I was expecting something more so along the lines of actual Bao - bun instead of something that resembled potstickers.  J liked them though, but was still disappointed that they didn't have actual Bao.  I thought they were a little overpriced at $7.00 for 6 small dumplings with no dipping sauce.  

The Street Treats on the other hand....super good!    Grilled chicken that's been marinated in what you'd believe to be crack.  Because you want to go put in another order when you finish.

Next visit, we'll just get some street treats and maybe try some beef noodle soup.
Hao Bao is on temporary hiatus! 
https://www.facebook.com/HaoBaoUSA/posts/422653637826104
The most personable staff I have ever met. The iced tea was splendid and perfect for a warm saturday outside, and they even offered a refill since we were standing there, chatting for 10 minutes. I can't wait to run into them again downtown.
Oh Hao Bao, you so tasty! I was finally able to try Hao Bao at downtown's Food Truck Friday and boy am I glad I did! I ordered the Street Treats (chicken) and the original dumplings (pork and shrimp). The wait seemed forever, since there were so many people vying to get some delicious food. The truck was having some trouble keeping up with the orders, but everyone was real friendly and the food tasted so good. Definitely worth the wait! 

I took mine to go and slowly savored it as I drove off. Pretty soon my delicious lunch was gone and I was wishing I had some more! Truth be told, it was really filling and I could have shared. Not that I wanted to, but for future reference or if you are a light eater, you might want to share.

I'd definitely go again and can't wait!
Love at first bite!  The dumplings are the best I have had...succulent, juicy and packed with delicious flavor!  I had not had scallion pancakes before tonight...they are savory and make you long for more!
Just ate here as they were getting rolling for the day --- 

Jake provided us with awesome service and even let us utilize their extra dumpling special when we didn't have any "panda" gear on and just their logo taped to our shirts- they let us slide this time(was a facebook special for the day)--- Follow their FACEBOOK because rather than one or two free dumplings they gave my coworker and me an entire extra order!
Dumplings delicious, pancake amazing, but their MINT GREEN TEA is the icing on the cake. 

I enjoyed the variety they offered - don't be afraid to eat here because their food is tony the tiger style GRRRRREEAT!
These guys were parked outside of my work today and as I walked by they offered me a free sample. Well the free sample was actually more like a meal. They gave me two dumplings, two pieces of chicken skewer and a bowl of beef stew.

It was all delicious! I am a big fan of Chinese food and this was surprisingly good for a  food truck. I'm definitely going to try them next time they're in my area. If you have the chance, give the dumplings a shot for sure.
Totally worth the few dollars they charged. The salad was delicious!! We will be looking for this food truck next time we are out and about. Don't miss the street treats (chicken skewers without a stick) are yummy with a spot of some amazing sauce.
Amazing Food!!  Handmade, delicious dumplings!  Flavorful moist chicken! And more! Can't wait to eat there again.  By far, the best truck at the Streets of AZ, food truck fest!  Watch out local food trucks, this guy knows what he's doing!
Tried Hao Bao at the Street Eats. Ordered two batches of dumplings (pot stickers for Americans). Took quite a while and it was a bit steep on price. 
Dumplings were crisp, juicy and tender. Was hoping for more punch on the flavor profile. I added soy sauce, vinegar and red chili paste to mine which brought it up to snuff, especially the vinegar. 
Keep working on the recipe guys and don't be afraid to offer regular and spicy dumplings. 
Good overall and I would try again, perhaps with something else to accompany the dumplings.
Stopped by their truck today at the street eats festival in Scottsdale. Top quality. Great taste. Good size portions. You can tell there is pride in their product.
I went to the Scottsdale Street Eats Food Truck Festival and knew Hao Bao must be legit because it had the longest line at the festival. After what felt like an eternity of waiting we got to the front of the line and Jake (the owner) was waiting for us with a ton of energy. He was so personal and friendly and got us the signature dumplings right away.

Let me just say...DELICIOUS! We got 6 dumplings in a serving which had I been eating alone would have been a perfect portion for lunch and as a group sampling many food trucks was also perfect to share with my friends.  I strongly encourage you to check out this place if the truck stops by your office.

I was so impressed with Jake and his staff that my friends and I used our drink vouchers to buy Jake and his cooks some beers. Eat here if you get a chance!
I hope their regular offerings are better than what they served my wife and I at the Street Eats festival today!  This was the truck I was most excited to try at the event, but my time in line only resulted in a plate of very bland chicken and mediocre dumplings that left us excited to go somewhere else.  I'd be willing to give them a second chance based on the many positive reviews, but, if today's showing is typical of their standard fare, I'll have no choice but to give my business to the competition.  Step it up, guys!
Hao Bao is back in business! Follow them on https://www.facebook.com/HaoBaoUSA
I tried dumplings was not as oily as the ones I tasted before at other places. So overall the owner was very nice and friendly had a very good experience. Will be back again!!!
Ok, so let me tell this like it is.  This is a food truck.  To me, the only thing that means is that I will never be able to find it again because it's going to drive off somewhere else obscure and that's the end of things.  I know there is a lot of hype right now with food trucks and how cool they are and how they're trendy and they're better than traditional food establishments because they are run by independent people trying to make a living and owning land is a sin or whatever LOOK BUDDY I'm just here to put the food in my mouth, so that's all I'm judging this based on, ok?

So I walked up to the food truck and took the food and tasted it.  I got their signature dumplings, and Imperial Chicken (which the guy then proceeded to call 'Street Treats' which simultaneously made it much more appealing, and much less appealing).  The dumplings were pretty good, especially considering that it's hard to find good dumplings these days and most people's are just those frozen packaged ones that they then reheat.  I'm talking about lots of meat, tender dough, and seasoning that sticks with you for like, the next 12 hours whether you like it or not.  The Street Treats weren't as great.  Basically it was chicken with seasoning and a little bit of marinade that left a bit of delicious oily-style juice in the bottom of the tray.  Not that they were bad, but I am a man who likes to eat pieces of the chicken that I can identify, like the wing or the thigh or the breast or the face.  It wasn't immediately apparent to me that the chicken was strips of thighs, resulting in some inconsistency from bite to bite.

The service was good, the people were friendly, and the prices were decent.  I'm giving it three stars (A-Ok!), because it FELT like a 4-star experience, but only because it was novel and fleeting.  If it were a restaurant that I could just walk back to for lunch today, would I?  Eh, maybe.  Maybe not.

So I guess what I'm saying is if you happen to see this food truck (which is probably why you're looking at the reviews), give it a shot and try the dumplings.
Got the dumplings at a food truck festival. They came out fast and were nice n hot. Definitely had that hand made taste and texture ( in a good way). Will be back for sure.
@ Food Truck Festival Feb 22... 
Tried a few of the different Food Trucks, and though not a full beleiver and probably wouldnt chase any truck around town, I would definitly buy from these guys again, if they happened to be at a local area that i was at.. 

Tried Dumplings, and they were bettter than any local restaurant. 
Imperial Chicken, had great flavor, but would be better on a full piece of chicken, like aq drumstick, thigh, or wing or on wings themselves,, 4 piece meal or somehting.. 

Will buy again , but will no travel to chase them down.. 
Service and hospitality #1 the guy greeting everyone was very nice and energetic, remembering most customer names when we went back to drop our votes !! Great work guys !!
Amazing Chinese food! Cool staff seems dedicated to serving the very best!
I can't say enough great about this truck and about everything that surrounds it's management and follow-through.  We hired the truck for a private party and everything went off flawlessly.  The food is outstanding and the service is just as good.  The dumplings, the chicken even the ice tea were huge hits.   This is the way to cater a party.  Hire great truck, truck brings, cooks and delivers great food, all mess and fuss drive away with the truck.  Smiling, happy, laughing guests are both nourished by great food and delighted with Jake, a great host!!
A fan of the PHX Food Truck scene, I've tried to make it a point to try each truck that shows to the Friday Food Court or the Phoenix Public Market at least once.  I have been to Paradise at least 2 times now and I can say I am more than pleased with the quality food and service.  
I have tried the Pastrami sandwich and the Reuben. Both had generous portions of meat & cheese on grilled marble rye. 
Several have recommend their veggie sandwich which is next on my list to try here.
 These sandwiches are quite large (relative, I know) perfect for a hearty appetite. $ 6 for the sandwich or $ 8 to make it a meal, with a drink and a side.
The menu may seem small until you see all the individuals items you can combine to build your own sandwich.
Stop in you won't be disappointed.
So the BF and I went to check out the food trucks at the Phoenix Public Market today... such a good idea! We split a Bodhi Beef melt and it was really tasty. The girl that works in the truck was also super friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend trying this place.... it's not just grilled cheese, it's super fresh and delicious sandwiches with some nice ingredients. Next time I might get the veggie.... looks good!
This place makes a mean grilled cheese with a great selection of cheeses. The quality is great and every time I go to the Phoenix Public Market on Friday afternoons for lunch, its always a toss up between this place and Short Leash because both places are top notch. My personal favorite of theirs is the Veggie which has roasted red peppers, provolone, tomato, basil, arugula and balsamic all for $6, which is not too bad considering the average market and cost of food truck food in  Phx.
The Carnitas sandwich is 'life changing' ... enjoy! ... YUM!
OMG!!!!! I think I'm in love yum the onion grilled cheese is amazing & the prices are very fair the employees are fun and helpful  we had them at a meet up for our babies Easter party and it was great ! Can't wait to look up their schedule this month I'm already craving another one you must have this if you see them around :)
I had the chance to try these guys out at a food truck festival over the weekend. While I went around to sample several different spots, Paradise Melts won me over with their service, fried cheddar, and The Oink sandwich. The staff was friendly and quick even with a line. The bread was perfect, crispy and golden brown. The chef mentioned they had fried cheddar so my boyfriend and I gave it a go. It's not on the menu but it's so delicious...a must ask for item!
found them at the food truck fair over the weekend and the smell coming from the truck was amazing!  I grabbed a basic grilled cheese for my 3 year old and almost ate the whole thing myself it was so good.  my one complaint was it took a long time.  there was only a few people in line and waiting for food yet it still took a while.  next time i want to try the one with bacon!!!
I tried this truck while at four peaks tasting room. The prices were good and the service was very friendly. I was just not a fan of the food. It didn't stand out in anyway. Maybe grilled cheese and beer don't mix, well at least for me it didn't.
As a self proclaimed grilled cheese connoisseur, Paradise Melts gets two thumbs WAY up from me!  The carnitas grilled cheese with the avacado dipping sauce is AMAZING! My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now.  Not to mention, the impeccable service was a nice touch and my meal was served with a smile... Paradise Melts has earned a loyal customer!  Can't wait to visit them again!
We had decided to grab some beers at the Four Peaks Tap Room and try our luck with whatever food truck happened to be outside. And boy, did we luck out!!

I couldn't decide if I wanted the Jailbreak or the Carnitas sandwich... I'm always a fan of carnitas, but I was intrigued by the Parmesan crust on the Jailbreak. I happened to mention this and the awesome food-truckeer said he could make me the Carnitas with the Parmesan crust. Of course I said yes!

We went inside to order our beers and before we knew it our sandwiches were hand delivered to is inside the tap room.

My Carnitas was delicious.  The meat was so tender and the green chili balanced the sandwich wonderfully. My husband got the Mr. Beef and I wish I could tell you about it but I only got a tiny tasty morsel of it before he had devoured it... Needless to say he loved it, and between bites I think I heard him murmur something about the horseradish sauce being excellent.

We can't wait for the next time we will run into Paradise Melts again! Definitely good people and good food.
Had the grilled cheese with tomato jam at Paradise Melts at the Street eats in Scottsdale. Awesome sandwich. 
I'm guessing it was either country white or potato bread, I didn't ask. Bread was buttered and toasted edge-to-edge, like any self respecting griller should be. 
The tomato jam was a nice foil for the butter. Just the right amount so it didn't overpower the star-all that gooey, melted cheese. 
Service was a bit slow, even though the line was extremely short. Don't know where they went wrong there. 
I will try it again.
Mmmm. So bomb. Mr. Beef!!! So bomb. Then I got the jailbreak 4 cheese but couldn't come close to finishing it all, so stuffed.. Excited for my lunch tomorrow. And I thought I was a grilled cheese pro...
Simply a wonderful experience! Just what you are looking for in an incredible sandwich. The chef takes great pride in making a superior product with local ingredients. Be hungry or ask them to wrap up what you can't finish. Wish the @paradisemelts truck could be found more often!
My brother and I hit up paradise melts at food truck friday downtown and we shared the Cubano and the Carnitas. Holy grilled cheese. It just doesn't get any better! This is definitely a food truck worth following even if it means eating a melt sitting outside in 110 degree weather.
This Indonesian food cart is AMAZING.  Not only one of my favorite food carts, but easily one of the top lunch options in the entire city in my opinion.  Today I saw it outside as I went to work and it made my day!  It is right in front of St. Paul's on Library Mall.

I've tried both the curry tofu and the oseng tahu (candlenut tofu) and both were fantastic!  They were both served with a vegetable mix and then spooned with extra sauce over a bed of fluffy, perfectly cooked rice.  I would say probably a 3:1 or 3:2 tofu to vegetable ratio.
-The curry tofu was coconut-based and very mild, sweet, and mellow.  A large pinch of toasted coconut added some texture and heightened the complexity just a touch more. 
-Of the two tofus, though, I prefer the oseng tahu.  It is a dish that has a bit more bite - not spicy, but that I think it strikes a less sweet note and more of an earthy one.

I've never personally tried any of the other dishes, but I've heard great things about the Ayam bakar, which is barbequed chicken breast in a peanut sauce.

NOTE: Be sure to take advantage of the condiments next to the forks!  The hot sauce is great if you enjoy your food spicier and the sweet soy-based one is also delicious and would likely be a great accompaniment to the dishes with a thicker-looking peanut sauce to thin it out.

All the entrees come with acar, which is a lightly picked vegetable salad, and krupuk, which are crunchy tapioca puffs.  Both are very tasty and add a refreshing crunch.  Personally, I like to pile my extra rice and sauce on the the krupuk when I am done with my tofu.  

The owner is super friendly,  clearly there are several vegan options, everything seems to be gluten-free.  I am *racking* my brain and I cannot think of a single reason to not send ALL of you here.  Seriously, just go.  You won't regret it!
This place is worth the short trip down State St. on a lunch break. Extremely friendly and fast service. I ordered the Ayam Bakar. Very tasty and full of that wonderful peanut-flavor that I love so much!
Indonesian cuisine si quickly becoming my favorite. 
I'm not an expert, but flavors are not as aggressive as Chinese or That - of course it depends on the dishes you order, but something about the mellowness of Indonesian food suits my palate. 

And, I'm definitely awarding stars for Kakilima using organic tofu - bonus. 
I had cooked organic tofu + peanut sauce on bed of green (forgot the proper name). Super. I also like their hot chili sauce, too. Quite flavorful in addition to the heat. 
Everything I've been sampling from Kakilima has been a home run.
I'm now thinking about try cooking Indonesian at home - wish me luck.
Second time to the food carts in a week and I must say that lunch is starting to become my favorite meal of the day! I've never had Indonesian food before, but everything on the menu looked so enticing I just had to give it a try. 

I ordered one of the two specials for today: the ayam semur, and even if I hadn't realized it when I was ordering it, it was just what I was in the mood for! The chicken is slow cooked in a sweet soy sauce and spooned over a healthy portion of white rice. The entree is also served with a side of pickled vegetables (yum!) and prawn chips (which get kind of soggy in the styrofoam carryout boxes). The serving of ayam semur I got was not as large as the portion of Indonesian fried rice that I saw someone else order (even though both are the same price and have pretty much the same ingredients), but for $7, it was enough to tide me over until a late dinner. 

Kakilima, stay exactly where you are. I will be back tomorrow!

PS: Cash only! Remember to stop by an ATM on the way over.
The food here is BOMB!!!

If you're into L.A. Style roach coaches this is one of the top one's minus the roach part!!

This food truck serves authentic Mexican tacos just like you would pick up on Florence, Broadway or Pico!! 

This food truck has been setting up shop at this location for a good 2 years now. It sits in front of a llantera for those who don't know that's Spanish for tire shop. I personally love these type of spots it always brings great memories to mind.

The tortillas here are hand made and are extremely fulfilling. The meat is good quality meat and is always seasoned just right. 

They offer a salsa bar which has an assortment of items and not just the normal salsa. You are able to pick up green and red salsa along with cilantro and onions that are already minced to sprinkle on your tacos as they come plain when you get them to go. They also offer guacamole, limes, and these onions that are soaked in lime juice they taste awesome! Now at the end of the salsa bar there's a pot that has beans in it. You are able to freely serve yourself these beans you can either ask for a small cup or you can simply put them on your taco.
These are the best tacos I have had here in Las Vegas!!!!  I have been going here for the past 2 years or so.  When ever we have family here from out of town we have to bring them here to eat.  My husband and I come here to eat even when it's super hot, and super cold outside.  During the summer months I enjoy my tacos with horchata water, which is a sweet rice drink, and during the winter I always order champurrado.  My husband always orders the tacos al pastor, and I always order tacos de tripa(tripe tacos), taco de lengua(tongue), and I order these with cheese.  You can see the ladies making the tortillas right in front of you( if you are tall enough lol).  They have a salsa bar with all the toppings.  If you try this place out please try their purple onions which they soak in lime juice.  Also, prepare to eat standing.  To me, the food is worth standing while you eat. They also have quesadillas, burritos, and tortas but I have never had these.
Love this taco stand, service is fast and courteous and for a roach coach, it's surprisingly clean. Prices are reasonable as well as the portions. Worth every peso!!! Have been eating there for awhile and have never been disappointed. if you've never experienced truly authentic home style Mexican food then this is a must stop aboard the taste bud express
Went to this food truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest on 4/26. The gentelmen that was working the truck informed me that it was a local truck and they were launching to the public via the foodie fest. The truck was very clean and the prices seemed a bit high especially for launching day but I was eager to try it. I noticed that this food truck seemed to have some tyoe of rewards system setup where you scan a QR code i imagine to get a discount I didnt get much information on it of how to sign up the sign was just out there. The truck was very well fitted i saw that they had an entire POS system setup with a clear modem and all. The ipad had a square on it that allowed them to take credit cards and it also wirelessly printed the reciepts to a printer that was seup on the side, pretty trick for a food truck. I wanted to try the asian wrap but they were already sold out so we settled for da lobsta ballz and da pho-licious "Q". Im not sure what it was but i felt like they lobsta ballz lacked something something to give them a kick or make the lobsta stand out. Da Pho-licious Q was really good however i found the pieces of meat to be a bit too big for a sandwhich that i truly wanted to share. 

I decided to re-try the food truck on saturday 4/27. I wanted to try the asian wrap again but again they were out of it. So this time we had da tofu nachos da meatballz and vegtable wa da pho. The tofu nachos were spectacular they made my wife and step son really like them and they are not tofu eaters at all. Da meatballz were also full of flavor and we're very tasteful. The pho was good too.
I saw this truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Festival and thought I'd try it because it's the first Pho food truck I've ever come across. I'm so glad that I did. They know how to do Pho as well as some other Pho(n) stuff (get what I did there?). My hubby and I ordered the delish Pho soup which was the right amount of seasoning and beef flavor. I hate a tart Pho and Wa Da Pho's was perfect. We also ordered the chicken lettuce wrap, Baos, the tofu nachos (yummy) and my favorite of the evening- the Ahi Poki Nachos! They are out of this world. I would seriously follow this food truck to eat the Poki nachos everyday. The only thing I was disappointed about was that they ran out of the Lobster balls but I was there at the Foodie Festival on the last day 2 hours before the place was closing so I can't blame them on that. I'll just have to get them next time. I also liked that the truck was super sleek and the service was on point. I couldn't believe they just launched at the Foodie Fest. These people know what they are doing. They also are on punch card / frequent buyer app called Epoxy where if you download you can get punches for each meal you order and the 10th entree is free. Pretty sweet deal for great food!
Food was onolicious! Da lobstah balls and pholicious Q is a must try. \m/
I'm a definite phonatic! ;)Tried the pho which was very tasteful. The broth was perfect n I didn't even need to add any sauce to it. It was perfect just the way it is. Also tried the lobster balls which was delish. Tried the tuna poke nachos. I can eat those everyday!!! But my fave was the Bau Bun sandwich. O-M-Gee!! That was to die for. :) already craving them n cannot wait til I get to eat some more!!! YUMMY!!!
Had the chance to enjoy the great food on their launch at the LV foodiefest. Let me just say....
Lobster balls...BOMB!!!
Big Bao Bun...BOMB!!!
Tuna poke nachos...BOMB!!!
Pho...BOMB!!!

I'm sure the other stuff they have is good too but just couldn't eat anymore. Their service was excellent! Waited maybe 3 minutes, which was good cuz we were starving! Definitely following this truck around town!!
The first time I heard of pho I had no clue what it was.  My friend Micah went on to explaining how awesome it was and I'll never forget his facial expressions.  He went on to say that it's so sweet and spicy and chewy and crunchy and we immediately went and got some.  I never had anything like it and it was an instant hit.  It's not every day you find something out of the ordinary that makes you feel this way, but the first time I tried this food truck I felt like it put me right back to my first pho experience.  These guys are really on to something.  The "Q" sandwich is the bomb!
Got to try these guys at the Foodie Fest this past weekend, and what better way to break them in then here? 

Tried Da Big Baos which were like any Pork Belly Bao I've tried. Still, the best value is at Cheesecake Factory where you get the same set up for $5.95, but they're known as Vietnamese Tacos(Why? IDK???) We also tried Da Lobsta Balls which were decent but kinda tasted like kamaboko(fishcake) instead of lobster to me.

I wish these guys continued success, and give them a try if they are on a street curb near you....ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE-(91/100) "Mobile Pho and Other Asian Snacks"
I got to try them at the food fest. LOVED the lobster balls. I had some kind of sandwich too with Thai coleslaw and I think the brisket used in their Pho. Wish I could remember the name, it was so yummy!
Definitely check this truck out!! And the "Q" sandwich is bad ass! Wa Da Pho Sho!
I was on my way to Café de Japon and saw the Wa Da Pho truck parked in a lot outside a sketchy Asian nightclub. I contemplated going here but didn't decide quickly enough. Café de Japon was closed so it was destiny that I visit the truck (I know I just made it sound really lame). I had someone greet me nicely and break down the entire menu for me. Despite have the word "pho" in their name, the guy made it clear that it was not their specialty. I ended up trying the baos. This was so bomb! I savored every bite and seriously dreamt of eating these things when I was finished. I'm still craving these things but just haven't made it down to the truck. I can't wait to go back and try new items and have some more steamed buns. That sauce was just so good! I'm at a loss for words to describe how good I thought they were. It was definitely love at first bite. I'm not sure I'll ever feel the same way about any bao ever again.
Wow! This truck is amazing! we were lucky enough to find these guys at the Vans Warped Tour Festival. The guy at the register was so friendly and immediately asked us if we wanted to sample their lobster balls! yummy!!! we went ahead and ordered their famous brisket sandwich which came with seasoned won ton chips. Delicious! I cant wait to run into this food truck again. Everything tasted fresh and delish!
Just found this truck for the first time at the Freedomizer Conference. Tried to lobster ballz & the meatballz - pretty good stuff. I did enjoy the Asian twist on both. Not a bad price - $5 for each of them. I would look out for this truck again, and will order from them at upcoming Vegas Streatz festivals.
Overall delicious but not blown away 3.5 at least until the next time I try more. 

So all morning I was all excited about going to Rollin Smoke BBQ for lunch and here pulls up the Wa Da Pho food truck outside my window at work. It was closer to walk to the food truck than my car. I had both Rollin Smoke BBQ and Wa Da Pho bookmarked for a while and wanted to try both equally as bad as the other. Talk about a food c-block, f-block.  Well since Wa Da Pho usually isn't out there, a regular food truck and occasionally a good food truck is parked there, I had to go for some. For lunch they have a "da pho box lunch special".  Choosing 2 of 5 items and a drink or a dessert and chips for about $9. I went off of the pictures on their food truck since everything looked good, didn't read the food descriptions usually the best way for me to do things. 

The first item I chose was the "da lobsta ballz" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wa-da-pho-las-vegas?select=ggcqbQoGku7B-hmsjahGWg#ggcqbQoGku7B-hmsjahGWg I enjoyed most of it.  The outsides tasted very delicious. The insides however was meh, it tasted exactly like imitation lobster which is what the menu exactly said after I read it, lightly fried imitation lobster balls served with 'da' sauce spiced with their special blend of seasonings. I did no care for the insides because it was mushy like when you use too much water when you cook a pot of rice and try to salvage it. I know some people who like this kind of mushiness so maybe it suppose to be like this, which is fine.  

The second item was the "pho-licious 'Q' slider" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wa-da-pho-las-vegas?select=ggcqbQoGku7B-hmsjahGWg#FPBIQcO1L4JkJRqleDeUKg it tasted like eating a pho in a slider with more. It was a pretzel slider bun with BBQ pho brisket, papaya slaw, cabbage, cilantro and their 'wa' sauce. It was good again but I didn't really enjoy the pho meat part maybe because I always dump sriracha and hoisin into my pho. I'd ask for more sauce next time or even some of that 'da' sauce from da lobsta ballz. The chips and cinna-bao dessert were enjoyable.

I sampled some of the "pho-licious 'Q' nachos and they were very good, nice sized but a little small for the price.  It was lightly fried wonton chips with pho 'Q' brisket (wow they actually call it that haha), cilantro, green onion, melted big eye swiss cheese topped off with a splash of 'da' sauce. Enjoyed them the most.

I'm a fan of their organization and effort in making things easy and standing out, logos on food boxes and containers, order numbering and receipt system, friendliness, etc. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter to know where they at.
I just tweeted:
@LVHelpGro 
@wadapho your brisket really is ridiculously #Pho-licious! https://www.facebook.com/rick.passo/posts/735566056470089 ... great meeting you @FirstFridayLV cc @FoodHubLasVegas

Really great ingredients, wonderfully conceived fusion dishes, creative marketing, good people, amazing & fun vibe.  What is not to like about this Las Vegas Food Innovation??

This truly is an awesome addition to the Las Vegas Food Scene! :)
Good food from guys that will make u laugh. If u see them give the food a chance. They will surprise you.
I don't go out of my way to eat at food trucks much anymore, but here's one that I'll probably stalk in the future. I got two orders of Da Big Baoz ($2.75 ea.) and one Pho-licious Q Slider ($2.75) for lunch. The sirloin in the bao was slightly sweet but the sauce gave it a bit of a kick. Both had plenty of filling. My only gripe is that the buns were a little dried out. The slider was amazing. I loved the chewy pretzel roll and there was plenty of tender brisket falling out the sides and back with every bite.
LOVE this food truck!!!!!!!!   It's not like ANY other food truck out there!!  So original!!!!  I mean PHO from a truck??  And not not just pho;  FRESH poke! Lobster balls! Brisket sliders???

EVERYTHING my husband and I tried was delicious!! The Pho was amazing!!!  We ordered the wa da pho!  Best beef broth ever!  Tasty without msg!   My husband ordered another bowl when we finished with the first!

Da lobsta ballz- soooooooo addictive with their dipping sauce.  

When we were there they had a special dish, spicy poke!!!!!  So mouthwatering good!!  Some of the freshest poke I've ever had....and it came from a truck!

I can't wait to go back and try the other items on their menus!  

Definitely a must try. If you see this food truck parked somewhere, do yourself a favor and stop by.
Had the surf'n'turf pho and the tacos at the Vegas Foodie Fest. The tacos were fantastic, but I didn't feel the pho at all. A bit sweet, the noodles a bit too chewy, minimal lobster and chewy beef. For a $14 (I think) pho, I wasn't impressed. 3 stars thanks to the tacos.
Big fan of this truck .. the lobsta ballz are great and so is da big baoz ... Everyone on the truck was cool and helpful ... Will definitely be back.
I order the lunch special for 8.95 that included 2 (of 5 choices) entrees, chips, drink or dessert. I opted for Da Lobsta balls, Da Big Baoz, and the dessert.  The imitation lobster was firm with a nice crunchy coating.  The dipping sauce was spicy and delicious.  Da Big Baoz was served on a super soft and fluffy bun and was filled tender beef. The chips were fried wontons, a nice surprise.  They were spiced, but just wish that they were a bit saltier (I know, such a health nut!)  The dessert was a great finish - I think that is was a fried bun (yeah fried!) dusted in cinnamon sugar.  Can't wait to try the sliders and pho next!
I was FINALLY able to try this truck. I had heard so many great things about it...AND IT WAS ALL TRUE!!!! I first tried the Pho...ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! The broth was beefy and yummy and oh so good! We later tried the Pho Nachos!!! OMFREAKIN'GOODNESS! ABSOLUTELY SEXUAL!!! OOOPS, can I say that on here?!?!? They were so freakin' good! I can't wait to have some more! If you see this truck, u MUST stop and partake! You'll be very sorry if you don't!
The best food truck food ever. Found them when I was over at Vegas Streats about 2 months ago. Was so happy they were going to be at GES today because it's on my way home lunch! 

Ordered 808 Nacho, da big boaz and pho-licious tacos. The tacos was the best with all the flavor! Yummy! Da big boaz was good except the meat was a bit chewy. 808, yummy as always!
This Asian fusion cuisine is amazingly delicious! I've never tasted food like this before! The staff is extremely friendly, price is right and besides who would've thought pho on a food truck would be this delicious! Their food is made to order so it's always fresh. I would say I would give two thumbs up and my face planted in to their food! Great job guys!
Awesome!  Just tried the Asian Chicken Burrito and it was great.  The mixtures of foods and spices just work so well together.  I want to try other items next time.  I'll be on the lookout for their truck!
Try the Pho li cious Brisket Tacos! I dream about these! nom
Stopped by the Henderson St. Patrick's Festival in Henderson and we had some Pho. Man.. it's probably the best I've had in a long time... seriously as good if not better than any Pho restaurant in town. Thank Jon & McGyver for everything. I hope you guys get to do the Henderson Farmer's Market!
Returning customer !!! Love the BBQ sandwich , ate in like 2 minutes . I wish this place , had a restaurant !!! They know me here and I give shouts in line to people , that they should eat here , it's unique Asian fusion cuisine with personality and great flavor ! #wadapho #youramazing #yummy #cantgetenough
Terrible pho. The soup has no flavor. It's like eating noodles and meat with water. I wouldn't eat here again. I tried them out at the annual foodie fest, 2014.
I never heard of The Taco Man until I was at a fabulous Cinco De Mayo party on Sunday which was catered by The Taco Man!  This is essentially interactive catering - the menu is on the web site.  You choose your meats, sides, and tortilla type and The Taco Man brings all of the goods and grills out at your place!!  Our host had chicken asada, carne asada, and that other meat I don't eat (but people really liked it!)  I was gluttonous and started with 3 tacos and ended up eating 2 more later.

The corn tortillas were warmed on the grill and piled high with beef and chicken at my request.  Toppings in separate bowls on the table included shredded lettuce, shredded taco cheese, diced sweet onion, cilantro, spicy tomatillo salsa in a squirt bottle, and medium red salsa.  I covered my tacos with everything.  The flavor was phenomenal - so much flavor packed in the little tacos, and they were delicious!  I liked both meats and all of the toppings.  I really enjoyed how sweet the onions were!

This was a really great idea for an outdoor shindig.  I highly recommend checking out The Taco Man to cater your next event!
Omar was wonderful.  He was very professional and dressed like a caterer to the event.  We had Asada, chicken and al Pastor.  The meats were very flavorful and not dry.  He had a great display table with the condiments (onions, cilantro, homemade salsa, cheese, beans and rice).  He was very courteous and worked hard on the grill.  The food was great and the leftovers were given to us to eat at our leisure after the 3 hours was up.  I would highly recommend Omar.  He was very reliable and really nice.  We will be sure to use him again for our future events.
Omar was fantastic! He was set and ready within thirty minutes, he is very professional. All of the food was delicious, comes with everything you need for your tacos. The rice and beans were on point as well. We had so much left overs, I can throw another party and have enough to serve another 40 people! I will be using The Taco Man again and I will be referring him to all my friends and family!
Fantastic tempeh bacon-lettuce-tomato.  I've been tempted to try everything on the menu but the BLT is so darn tasty I can not resist it!  Ladonia offers plenty of gluten free yumminess and limeade.  This mobile cafe is a wonderful addition to the Library Mall carts.  A must try!!!
I didn't realize how much I liked this cart until recently; they're closed for the winter now, and I'm having cravings like the dickens. Ladonia Cafe's winter hibernation leaves me especially missing the chocolate chip waffles with home fries, the ginger limeade, and the tamales. The tempeh bacon is a bit too sweet for my taste-- is it BBQ sauce on it?-- but still not bad, for fake bacon. Which, I admit,  sets the bar pretty low.

Very fair prices and portions, and no Styrofoam boxes, hooray! I'll be right there when they reopen in the spring. (Fingers crossed that they will? Food carts come and go at a dizzying rate on Library Mall.)
Everyone put April 19 (2014) on your calender:  Just found out this is the first Saturday Ladonia Cafe opens for the season. I've eaten at vegan restaurants in New York, LA, Chicago, and states all over the rest of the north, south, east, and west. If you're reading this, go to Ladonia! 

Look, I'm not anything even close to vegan or vegetarian. I would rather eat Ladonia's bacon than meat bacon. All the bacon properties I enjoy are somehow there, yet it's its own thing. Different. Better. It's incredible. The waffles are a dream. Madison is so lucky to have this place.
The food at this cart is SO delicious- although I have to disclose that so far I've only tried the waffle platter (I don't live in Madison so I only have the opportunity to have it once in a while and it's just so good I haven't been able to make myself try something else!). The chocolate chip waffle is fluffy and perfectly cooked, the tempeh "bacon" is some of the best I've ever had (so flavorful, not hard/dry at all), and the potatoes are delicious as well. It's probably good that I don't have easier access to Ladonia because is eat here all the time- definitely give it a try if you see them around!
Excellent food! Wonderful eating experience! I highly recommend their ginger limeade, vegan BLT, and chocolate chip waffles. They are all delicious and vegan! My husband loves their tamales, too. I was skeptical to try tempeh after a negative experience a few years ago but decided to give their version of a BLT (bacon-flavored tempeh, lettuce and tomatoes on batch bakehouse bread) a try at the recent Isthmus a la carts food cart festival. I think I went back three times for another piece! It is the stuff dreams are made of! So delicious! 

I'm always excited to see Ladonia's Cafe at local festivals and I never even consider going to other carts! 

Bonus: the cooks/owner is super friendly and they accept credit/debit cards!
I love this place! Ladonia Cafe has somehow come up with a menu including all of my favorite foods. Tamales, waffles, and the best vegan BLT I've ever had. Their tempeh bacon is so flavorful. It is the perfect balance of sweet, smoky, and salty. And the bread! It's so fresh and soft and crusty. I miss you already, Ladonia!!!
Absolutely amazing. Vegan. But you certainly I don't need to be a vegan to enjoy and appreciate the quality of the ingredients and the excellent execution. The sweet potato tamales were soft and flavorful, and the tempeh BLT was just about prefect.
The snappy and juicy dogs combined with fresh tasty buns provide a solid base for a few different dogs. I had the General Lee and it was fantastic and my homie seemed to love the vegan dog! The french fries had been seasoned really well and the house made hot sauces are flavorful and spicy! It's my first visit but there will be many more I'm sure!
Mark my words you guys have evolved the hot dog. I have had a dodger dog a dog at Fenway in Boston and I think the bread the dog the toppings. You have blown them all away.
Checked them out at the food truck rally by the tony hseih's downtown project.  They had a prefetch solid lobster tempura dog with Siraracha mayo, greens and onions.  Surprisingly fast.
I was intrigued by this new food truck the minute I heard of it. The name is funny and the gimmick is cute. When I saw on Facebook they would be at the public market today, I was really excited and decided to try them out. Yes...I know it is over 100 degrees...but pho is awesome! So the BF and I went to the Phoenix Public Market and the truck was there. I got the pho ga (8$) and the BF got a grilled cheese (lol). I asked them if it was in a container I could carry for a few blocks and they said yes. Then we proceeded to wait for a really long time. Now, I know they are a new truck, but the wait time was pretty long for soup and grilled cheese. When we got the food, the pho was in about a quart sized styrofoam container with no lid and the sammich was on a plate....ok....I suppose I can walk with that. Anyway, by the time I had gotten home, the noodles had soaked up a lot of the broth making it sort of a mushy mess. I think maybe they need to have a different game plan for people taking the food to go like most pho places (e.g. noodles in a container, broth in a separate container). The pho was not flavorful enough and needs more depth....the broth was kind of bland and no amount of jalapeno and basil helped and I expected more than that (especially for 8$ when you can get a much larger bowl of pho at Pallets down the street for the same price or a larger bowl anyplace in Seattle for around 4$). The grilled cheese was good. Anyway, I was sort of disappointed....it seems that this place is more gimmick than substance. Maybe they just need more time to get the kinks out, but I don't think I would go out of my way to eat at this truck again.
Tonight I discovered pho king. And you know what? I love pho king! Pho king is like my favorite! My wife likes pho king too!    I could certainly see enjoying pho king with friends, but can also see my self enjoying pho king alone.  Pho king is good for all occasions! I could even see pho king as a nice surprise for a special date. I cannot recommend pho king highly enough.
Disappointing! I was so excited to try the food truck as I eat Vietnamese at least once a week and was looking forward to having it as a lunch option close to work. the price seemed rather expensive when compared to my favorite Vietnamese joints but thought I would still give it a try and convinced myself I was paying for the convenience. I ordered a chicken pho and coworker had the beef pho and shared spring rolls. I never managed to find the chicken in my pho and the coworker came up with a tiny morsel of beef. They didn't give siracha even though we asked for it. The broth was so bland that we opted to add about a half bottle of Tabasco we had handy in the desk drawer desperate for some flavor. The spring rolls were equally disappointing. If you like bean sprouts wrapped in rice paper and peanut sauce that tastes like melted skippy then maybe you'll disagree with this review.
I was disappointed with their beef pho. There were only about 5 small pieces of beef and no herbs. I appreciate a variety of herbs to steep in my pho. At $8.75, it was overpriced, and the quantity was small. Wouldn't try this one again.
I was surprised with all of the healthy options that this food truck offers! There are a lot of gluten free options and vegetarian options. I had the veggie spring rolls and they were delicious!! The pho king stir fry was equally amazing, I added extra veggies and made it spicy. It was the best stir fry I've ever had. I can't wait to go back!
So, I was just there this afternoon for lunch and was excited to try their food. I wanted to try the crepe but wasn't available today so I ordered Pho'ket (stir fried chicken & veggie over rice) and a piece of spring roll. Spring roll was pretty good but nothing close to what I'm used to eating at real Vietnamese restaurants. Stir fry was just ok. Nothing special. It was little bit on the salty side and the rice was undercooked and bit hard. Will I try again? Probably not.
Went to a Yoga event downtown last night and only caught the tail end. The truck was just getting ready to close when we drove up but the guys working it were nice enough to stay open so we could try their food! Very friendly and the pho we ordered was awesome. 
I didn't get the stir fry but saw someone else order it and it looked really good so, I'll have to try that next time. Will definitely catch them on Wednesdays at Phoenix Public Open Air Market and any other time I see them downtown. It was pho-king great
Pho king phenomenal! The Pho King was catering a private event I attended, inside they had prepared appetizers for the party and were making fresh pho and stir fry for guests on the truck. My favorite item was the bahn mi sandwich, which is a toasted French roll with spicy chicken and pickled vegetables with a sweet seasoning sauce. It was a wonderful adaptation of a traditional bahn mi sandwich and flavor was incredible! My friend got the beef pho, it looked amazing and I can't wait to find them and try that too!
The Great Pho King. If their name alone doesn't make your stomach dance with the joy and excitement of needing a Pho King fix, then you may have a serious problem. These days it can be tough to find unique food that is delicious and mouth-watering, but The Great Pho King's combination of Vietnamese and French food does just that. The best part about this place is that it doesn't matter where in the east valley you are, because they are portable and make stops all over. If you're used to boring foods and want something that will awaken your taste buds, 'Like' this place on Facebook and follow them to their next food stop. You won't be disappointed!! I pho king love The Great Pho King, and you will too!
Went to this food truck on a Wednesday night where some trucks make a stop in downtown.  Being a SoCal boy, Asian, and loves Asian food, I really want to love this place.  However, it just gave me reasons not to.

The service was great, as the lady was welcoming with a smile.  On the other hand, I came here for the food, and it did not live up to expectations.  For example, we had the vegetable stir fry.  I am not sure if they were going the healthy route, but to be frank, it was bland.  Of course it was fresh from the pan so it was steaming in my to go box, although every bite was exactly the same.  It had crunch, I tasted the veggies, but that was about it.  No salty flavor from the soy sauce or any spices to add to the mix.  My wife and I were very disappointed.  Although it could have gone up when we tried the Banh Mi...

And...another disappointment.  The reason I love Banh Mis are the French baguette crunch, as you bite through the sandwhich it may be a little rough, but the spice and Asian flavors should mix in so well.  I, on the other hand, had a sandwhich which bread was soggy from the juices of the meat/veggies.  From my experience, this should be a somewhat dry sandwhich that relies on the spices and flavor from the meat/veggies to compliment the crispy baguette.  No crispy baguette, and definitely a wet Banh Mi, which I was not looking forward to.  I understand some Banh Mis may be different, but this is definitely not what I am used to from San Diego and LA.

I really want to like this place, as we need more great Asian places in Phoenix, but it definitely did not live up to what I expected.  I hope to try the Pho out one day, but I have definitely experienced better.
Other than the veggies, the banh mi is nothing like a real banh mi.  Even if you throw out all the normal ingredients, the most important part of a banh mi is the special bread which is made with rice flour and is light and crispy.  You can buy these by the garbage bag around town, not sure why they're using floppy french bread.  :(
Probably the worse pho I've ever had. Great idea for a food truck though. I might give them another try.
I saw this randomly on yelp, and on the same day they showed up at the parking lot at my place of work in Scottsdale.  Its ate a lot of pho in my lifetime, I would have to say its a food truck and that's it.  Its not a restaurant level, but for a food truck its different from the run of the mill food truck.
I had One Eighty Q at Wordcamp Phoenix and it was awesome. I love Phoenix food trucks and these guys did an excellent job. I had the brisket over mac 'n' cheese. The brisket was smokey and tender with an awesome barbecue sauce. The mac 'n' cheese was perfect comfort food. The staff was totally sweet too and told me the story of how they bought the truck in Florida and drove it across the country while they were making my lunch.

I highly recommend these guys.
Is 180Q for real?! Last time I went out for First Friday I couldn't find their truck and ended up dropping $10 on a grilled cheese at another truck when what I truly wanted was 180Q's wicked brisket mac n' cheese. After walking around a bit I found 180Q parked over at monOrchid. They we're like "Yo, you guys hungry?!" and we were like, "Yeah, we've been looking for you, but we spent all our money on grilled cheese!" To my surprise, one of the gentlemen running 180Q (sorry I don't remember your name dude!) offered us a free sample of their tacos and queso AND hooked us up with some banana pudding from their friend's food truck. Again, is 180Q for real?! Yes, and they're the best.

Customer-4-Lyfe.
just plain delicious
I hired these guys to cater a party, with 60 to 70 meals to be served.  They showed up exactly on time, handled the crowd like consummate professionals and the food was excellent!  My guests didn't have to wait long to be fully satisfied.  I highly recommend them for any big-assed party you host.

You know it's good when one of my guests says "Oh man, you've got to taste this chicken" and hands me some of the meat flowing off the bun.  They're homemade kettle chips are the bomb as well.  Two thumbs and two big toes up!
For a while, I've been wanting to go to this famed taco trailer as I've heard from Nelson Q. that this was the place for cabeza and lengua tacos.

 It was a bit confusing so I've had failed attempts so let me try to clear up as much information as possible. Firstly, it used to be called Karinas 2 and it is now Sinaloa. So if you're looking for that, then what you're looking for is Sinaloa. Way before, they used to be by Oakey by Luv- Its then moved to this side of town. .Now it WAS on the corner of Vegas Dr and Decatur Blvd.but it has since moved... You will see a cart at that gas station and that's some new vendor. They are now at Billy Macs Auto lot on Decatur and Lake Mead. Now my goal for next time is to get their hours, but for now the best bet is to go later in the day. Oh yeah, they take cash AND card which is unusual for a taco cart. 

It is pretty basic what they offer. Meats : carne asada, al pastor/adobada, chorizo, lengua, cabeza. You can get it as tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas or mulitas. They have some sodas and horchata. 

So the positives - 

HANDMADE TORTILLAS. So when corn tortillas are fresh they tend to soft and fluffy of a consistency than mass produced ones, even the better brands. They also make fresh flour tortillas, but I did not try them on this visit, but will one day. I love that they offer fresh tortillas here, which separates them from a lot of taco spots. 

We tried

Adobada - pretty solid. It's not my favorite one in town, but pretty good. 
Cabeza - really nice and now sinewy/fatty like some can be which was a plus for the BF. 
Lengua - theirs was good. The BF is weird about how some can be a bit gelatinous, but this was meaty and none at all. He just prefers a smaller dice than big cuts like this, but it was tender and delicious to me. 

Packed ours to go and it stayed well the 5 minutes to get to my MILs place. They packed up salsas for us, but we hit the salsa bar for some of the extras like the diced up pineapples, pickled carrots and peppers, pickled onions, more limes, etc. 

It was pretty fast and efficiently run and seemed pretty clean inside from what I can see when their side door was open. The meats are solid, the fresh made tortillas are a huge plus. Definitely one of the better taco carts around and I will definitely be back to try more. First impression and first visit though was very good so go! 

If you need more convincing and some pictures, check out the old reviews of the previous locations. I made a new one because it is really hard to convince Yelp to change addresses for such a small, barely reviews place-

Karinas when it was at Decatur/Vegas - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas-2#query:Karinas%202
Karinas when it was in Downtown - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas#query:Karinas%202
Sooooo happy that these guys didn't disappear for good! They just outgrew that space at the gas station and have now been situated at N Decatur and Lake Mead in the slightly bigger parking lot of Billy Mac's Auto Shop. They even brought their regulars with them, because even this lot was PACKED!

The items at Sinaloa are the same, and they even have a little hot dog cart off to the side, but it ain't anything like those yummy LA street dogs! Prices are also the same:

Tacos:
Asada, Al Pastor, Cabeza (*Their specialty), and Chorizo $1.50
Lengua and Tripas $2

Burritos, Tortas, and Quesadillas:
Asada, Al Pastor, Cabeza, and Chorizo $5.00
Lengua and Tripas $6.50

Mulitas: $4-6

According to the girl taking our order, their business hours are:
6pm-Midnight  Monday-Thursday
6pm-1am Friday-Sunday

If you haven't been yet(of course you haven't! So far, only Me, Jade W., and Amanda M. have!) Sinaloa is one of the best street taco vendors in town, and they make fresh flour and corn tortillas on the spot....Can't get fresher than that!

Tacos are just as good as I remember, and get them TO GO....they'll pack it up nicely on a plate with radish, lime, and salsas for you...If you're in the area, they are not hard to find. They are just a few blocks up from Komex, and across the street from Thai Grill. Use cash if you got it, but they do take plastic. I would avoid that $1.00 credit card charge and get a bottle of sangria to go with your tacos instead...ALOHA!!!

***When the weather starts getting cooler, this will be the starting point for the "Street Taco Scramble Part 2!!!****
I came here last night with about 20 people from Yelp as the first stop on Nelson's UYE Taco Trek and Cool Down #2.

I got two tacos, one cabeza with a hand made corn tortilla; the other was lengua with flour tortilla.  After stopping at the toppings bar on the side of the wagon, I enjoyed these tacos a lot.  I like the sliced cucumbers and their spicy hot green salsa.  It was very good.  On the lengua, I put some pineapple which made the flavor of the tongue stand out.

I think this would be a place to which I'll return and get some tacos to go.  I find that eating at food trucks is problematic because you don't have a place to sit nor a table.  Of course, I could have gotten one of my folding chairs we use for after hike Guinness Time but today's not the best time to think of that.

This is a good street taco place and I recommend it if you're on the west side of Las Vegas!
When I stopped by Sinaloa the other night with a group of friendly Yelpers on what happened to be the first UYE (Taco Trek) I have attended, I went simple and safe.  I ordered just two tacos knowing this was not our first stop.  I had one carne asada and one al pastor taco.  I was not brave enough to try the tripa, lengua or cabeza.  Those are too foreign to me.  I stuck with what I know and I was not overly impressed for the most part.  I was enjoying myself but more because of the company rather than the tacos.  That is not to say the tacos were bad.  They just weren't especially flavorful.  I suppose I could have used some of the salsa and condiments on hand.  But I like to taste the flavor of my food rather than cover it.  I heard the salsas were pretty good though.  All that being said I must say the fresh made corn tortillas cranked out by hand are outstanding.  That is a nice touch.
Great sinaluence tacos! Probably the best in town. They always serve fast, and have a variety of salsas. They also have those good ol bottled cokes. Make sure to try the mulitas, absolute deliciousness!
This is where we met up to start our taco trek UYE and the best of our stops in my opinion. I was so impressed watching them making fresh flour tortillas right on the truck! Nice! The line was long at Sinaloa so I found that to be a good sign. Sinaloa offers a variety of tacos, burritos, mulitas, tortas and quesadillas. Here are some of the current prices:

*Tacos*
- Asada (beef), Al Pastor (marinated pork), Cabeza (head), Chorizo (pork beef) are $1.50 each 
- Lengua (tongue), Tripa ( intestines) are $2 each.  

*Burritos, Tortas and Quesadillas* 
- Regular $5
- Lengua $6.50
- Tripa $6.50

I decided to try a "Al Pastor Taco" and after ordering it took about 10 minutes for my taco. They make everything you order from scratch so it might take an extra minute, but it is worth it. The fresh tortilla is worth it alone! The pastor had great flavor. My hubby noticed the condiment bar (salsas, sliced cucumber, etc.) right next to where you order, but I didn't see it! I think there were too many people standing in front of it for me to notice. While I watched my hubby make a Mexican flag with sauce across his 2 tacos, I was glad to just have the cilantro/onion mix on my taco. The pastor had such good flavor that it really didn't need anything more then a good fresh tortilla wrapped around it. 

They have Coca-Cola in glass bottles (score!) and there is even a hot dog cart right next to the truck. I don't get the hot dog cart, but there were a decent amount of kids eating hot dogs so whatever works!
Started out here as the first stop on a taco  trek UYE. There was a good sized crowd including yelpers. The smell coming from the truck was so good that I couldn't wait to try a couple tacos. There was also a hot dog cart next to the truck and coolers with drinks for sale. Since the line was long and they make the food to order I had to wait a bit for my tacos but it was worth it. After I got the 2 asada tacos I ordered on flour tortillas, I headed over to the condiment bar and loaded up on several salsas. I was surprised there was a lady on the truck making flour tortillas fresh for each order. major kudos on that! The flavor of the asada was good. I liked that my tacos were only $1.50 a piece and I could still add whatever salsas and veggies I wanted on my tacos. I will stop here again and recommend it to everybody.
We have been eating tacos at Sinaloas for a while and then we lost them for a bit as they moved locations which was a great move but they had me scared for a while. 

I'm pretty sure all they serve here is great but I personally come here for the tacos de cabeza! Yes sir/mam and don't knock it till you've tried it!  I'm sure you can get cabeza in a burrito or quesadilla but I go for the tacos since the handmade tortillas you see being pressed out make it that much better. One thing i would recommend is to get them to go as they pack it up nicely which keeps them warm until you eat them and they include a red and green salsa.  

Now don't expect tables and chairs to get comfy in while you eat but do expect to keep wanting to come back for more tacos deliciosos!
I was expecting a low key taco truck....but it seemed like a big party was going on when we pulled up to the auto shop lot where Sinaloa is parked! The parking lot was packed and there were people hanging out and eating tacos on top of their cars.  I would say this taco truck has the equivalent atmosphere of a night market in Asia.  The line was pretty long, all the way back to the curb when we got there with at least 20-30 people milling around eating/talking.  We were by far the odd ones out....there was not a word of English to be heard while we waited.  The tacos were $1.50 each and come with onions/cilantro, except for a few specialty items like lengua/tripe which were $2.00.  They have the assortment of tortas/burritos/quesadillas/mulitas, etc as well.  But I was there to try the hand made corn tortillas, so I went with my favorites, al pastor and lengua.  You can also order grilled onions and jalapenos for your tacos as well. The lengua was the large tender chunks that I like and the al pastor was tender and flavorful. Both were delicious even after packing them to go and driving the 20 minutes home.  They also have a condiment bar off to the right of the truck with pineapple salsa, cucumbers, beets, lime wedges, green and red salsa, and this guac dressing.  Look for the little plastic baggies to put the goodies in....being a rookie, I started packing sauces in the baggies but later was informed by the workers that the to go orders come with the red chili sauce and guac dressing on the plate.  Expect a little bit of a wait time since the tortillas are made in the truck.  The man handing out the orders was also kind enough to realize we couldn't understand Spanish...so he made it a point to get our number and bring us our order =) 

A few side notes, they also take credit cards and a hot dog cart is over on the left if you have a child who won't eat tacos, and you can even pick up a boot leg DVD from the hot dog cart =P.
I have nooo complaints with this truck!! Don't let the location Decatur @Lake Mead in front of auto shop fool you! I been here several times, the food is super yummy! Ive always been sceptical of taco trucks cleanliness but they have an."A".rating in there window. Always clean when I go. Did I mention home made corn tortillas! Don't ask me how they fit that machine in there! You can't beat $1.50 carne tacos abd super delish. $5 Tortas!! This truck is a must try!
This place is by far the best taco truck I've had here in Vegas. The flavor is good and you can't beat the hand made tortillas. Recommend to any body who's looking for great tasting tacos!!
I'm not going to lie, the whole thing feels a little sketchy and I order in spanish to try to blend in, but it's all worth it for those burritos al pastor and fresh tortillas.
Was on my way to Pepe's and pulled over when I saw the crowd gathered around this taco truck.

I liked...
- Handmade corn tortilla.  Yum.  
- Salsa bar.  A good spice red sauce and an even better greenish red sauce.  A tasty avocado sauce too!
- Fresh horchata on ice.  Nice and sweet.

I didn't like...
- No rice in burritos??
- High prices for a food truck.  $2 for tacos and $6 for burritos.
- No tables or chairs for sitting.
Was at an event at Brix Wine in Carefree last night and they had the Grilled Addiction food truck set up in their parking lot.  Everyone was amazed at the great food that came out of that truck!  The fav was the lollipop lamb chops and risotto.  Great risotto out of a food truck!!  Really nice folks own and run the truck and are sending some great food out the doors.  
After the event was over, I asked if I could see the inside of their truck and they were happy to show this beautiful truck off.  It is wall to wall stainless steel and beyond clean.  The cab of the truck is way cool, like riding in a big rig.  Can't wait to find them at the next event.  Would be a great way to cater a party at your house.
Thanks guys and gal,
Patty and Bubba
My son and I had lunch at the Cubs game and was sadly disappointed. We both had the Pita Tri Tip and waited 26 minutes after we ordered for some stale bread and three small shavings of meat. When done eating, my son asked if I enjoyed my bread and onion sandwich.
This food truck came to my office today for lunch. I got the tri-tip sandwich - it was okay, the meat was a little rare for my liking, I wish I would have known just how pink it was before I ordered, as I would have make a different selection. Also, we waited 50 MINUTES FOR EVERYONE IN OUR GROUP TO GET OUR FOOD! That is just absolutely ABSURD for a food truck! Plus, my sandwich was $11 no side or drink. While the sandwich, was decent..it was not worth a minute 50 min wait or $11.
I'd like to review Grilled Addiction's food, but the wait was so long that I never got to eat it. Food trucks are supposed to be fast. Limit the menu, speed up the service. Also, the truck ran out of ice in its first hour of operation. Fail.
Their food is delicious!!! My girlfriend had the lamb-chops and I had their burger. Both were seasoned and cooked perfectly! They are a prime example of those hidden gem food trucks you hear about. Do yourself a favor and give it a shot.
A grouping of 3 or 4 come twice a month from 11am-130pm and they usually get really busy meaning long wait times. So today a coworker and I walked down at 11am to try and beat the rush. I decided to try the Grilled Addiction food truck, upon looking at the menu the tri tip sandwich sounded amazing from its description. Although its $11+ price with tax that included no side or drink (you can get tots for $3 more) was a little concerning but I figured that it would be worth it. I placed my order for the sandwich with no onions. Then I waited, and waited some more. After about 20 minutes I asked if my order was getting close and was told that the tri tip takes a little longer since it is being cooked. Ok, fair enough. After about minute 35 I finally received my sandwich. I immediately noticed that it contained onions and was very small for the $11 price tag. I went back up to my office (about a minute elevator ride) and say down to eat my sandwich. When I took the first bite I noticed that the 5 little pieces of tri tip that were in the mostly bread sandwich were ice cold. Even though I was told that the tri tip just came off the grill. Needless to say I will not be going back to the Grilled Addiction and I would recommend to avoid it as well unless you like a place that gets your order wrong as it serves you ice cold over priced sandwiches that you wait 30 minutes for.
We used Grilled Addiction to cater a rehearsal dinner for 50 people and everyone loved the food and experience. We offered guests a choice of Shrimp Po Boy, Pulled Pork, and the Tri trip steak sandwich.  Everyone couldn't stop raving about their meal. The green chile Mac and cheese is fantastic. I would definitely recommend using them for any event!
By far the best lamb chop I've ever had. Seasoned and grilled just right. a slight aoili on top. It is just perfection. You have to keep in mind that they're just a truck and grill on site to order. If the line's long, be patient.  It is totally worth your time.
These brothers own the ONLY mobile flatbread pizza truck in Phoenix. They do pizza right boasting local ingredients and creative menus to tempt the tastebuds of everyone around. Think local pork belly bacon from The Meat Shop, Saffron JAK house turkey sausage, local cheese and uncured pepperoni from California-based company Zoe's Meats. 

Some of my favorite menu items are the Mexican squash, black bean, potato, feta and cheddar cheese with tapatio and the Basil, mozzrella and beef steak tomato. Then of course there is the jalapeno, bacon, pineapple chutney or perhaps the pear, gorgonzola, prosciutto, apricot jam and mozzarella.... Are you getting the picture, there are too many great options to love just one. 

You can find these guys slinging their deliciousness all over Phoenix, in the morning at  3rd ave and Osborn and some evenings at Kobalt Bar at Park Central Mall. 

If your mouth isn't watering wait until you get 20 feet from their truck.. The smells alone will get you running. 

I can't wait to see what these guys come up with next.
Awesome pizzas. Get the Jumbojack or the BBQ chicken. You can taste the fresh ingredients.
Every time I get pizza from Saffron Jak I tell myself I won't eat the whole thing, that I'm going to just eat a few pieces and save the rest for another time but I have yet to be able to accomplish that goal... I have so far tried the Pepperoni, BBQ Chicken and the Buffalo Chicken pizzas and all of them have been delicious.  You can definitely tell the quality of ingredients is excellent and that they work hard to come up with new and interesting flavor combinations.  They also change up their specialty menu frequently so they could have a new offering each time you go.  I myself will definitely be returning to try and sample all of the amazing options they have!
Awesome flat bread pizza. I don't know what they make the crust out of but it's delicious. My favorite is The Super Greeky. To be honest, I haven't tried the others yet because it's so good. Don't pass this food truck by if you see it.
I just had the most amazing maple bacon and chicken on flatbread pizza, and also the hatch green chile and loaded potato pizza.  The ingredients were so fresh and the favors were doing a happy dance in my mouth!  I can't wait until my next visit to this truck.
This on of the best food trucks I have been too! I like it because it is unique. It not your come get a slice. They actually put time into configuring awesome ingredients and flavors. Also, Phoenix is huge but they travel to all different location. Honestly though it is not just the food, it's the service. They are all very friendly and always very appreciative  of all their customers. Anyways, I high suggest them.
Saffron JAK rocks my world!  Their unique pizzas are to die for. I love the creativity of their menus and freshness of their ingredients. Their one of a kind Persian sourdough flatbread is so delicious. I never feel guilty scarfing down an entire pizza!! In addition to the amazing food, the brothers who own it are such gems. Super friendly, accommodating and passionate about their food. Keep your eye out for their yellow food truck.....once you try it you will be hooked!
I've had Saffron JAK approximately 8 times in the last 2 weeks. No joke. The buffalo chicken, the hatch green chili and potato, the throw down, bread pudding...I swear, my body runs on this place!
Pizza just doesn't feel like the right word to describe the thin and crispy deliciousity of these flatbreads.  The focus here isn't on some big hunk of bread -- rather, it's on the creative combination and liberal application of their toppings.  The prices are perfect for what we're getting.  And the owners are super cool guys.

My fave so far is the Super Greeky -- a little spicy, a little salty ,and just a tad bit of sweet.  Score!
Killer Flat Bread Pizza. What else matters?
This place is awesome. Had to opportunity to meet them at the Berridge Nursery "Art int he Garden". The guys are so fun and nice and passionate about their food - its really exciting when they are excited about their ingredients. I even got to try a piece of their fried cheese while I was just standing around. 

All of the pizzas are creative, original and fun. I wish I tried the eggs benny pizza but we had the one with the ham and strawberry pepper jam (can't remember the exact names). I cannot wait to come across this truck on another day and try everything. 

It would be a blast to get a bunch of people together and share everything so I can try everything at once...any takers? Either way I am excited for this truck to be around for a while and hope to see other creations coming out of their kitchen. Do they cater -how awesome would that be!
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas! They were honestly the best pizza's I've ever had!! Highly recommend the baked potato you won't be disappointed!
L.B.P (Loaded Baked Potato pizza)....you have revived my faith in food truck fare. I can honestly say this is the best food truck I've visited. 

After having several unpleasant lunchtime excursions to the parking lot (my office building has started having Food Truck Wednesdays) today I announced that I would go to NO MORE FOOD TRUCKS if this one didn't work out. 

Saffron JAK's Loaded Baked Potato flatbread has *virtually* erased all of those bad memories...It was perfection. 

The yoghurt sour cream, thick cut bacon ends, chives, cheese, and delectably soft potato pieces on top of that oh-so-slightly-yet-perfectly charred pizza stone fired sangak flatbread makes me really regret only getting a 1/2 order. I washed it down with a bottle of mexiCoke and now I'm on my way to polishing off hump day with a smile on my face...

Yes, seriously, a Coke and a smile.
went with my roommate and boyfriend at Atomic Liquors on Friday night to have a couple of cocktails.. all of a sudden a tray of large sized samples toted by a sweet blonde girl caught the eye of the boys. she let us know that its was from the food truck " Truck-N-Yaki", parked right outside.  the samples werent super hot, obviously, but even so, they were so good and after one more cocktail, we all found ourselves hungry and wanting more. I headed out to the truck and ordered two chicken and fried rice bowls since they were only $4 a piece. the portions are huge for what you are paying too. service was very fast , as i only waited about 2 minutes. Seriously, SOOOO freakin good and such sweet people operating. I found myself daydreaming about it at work today.  long story short, we had two orders, then ordered two more on our way to the car!!! better than a lot of restaurants Ive tried since moving to Vegas. if you are passing by and see the truck, STOP!
I have to admit - I was a little bit nervous about shrimp from a food truck. Boy oh boy was I wrong! Yesterday I got the shrimp teriyaki plate (served with veggies and fried rice). The shrimp was nothing less than delectable - perfectly cooked, plump and delicious. The fried rice and veggies likewise had amazing flavor. I will definitely order from this truck again.


Also, they have a really interesting sounding Asian burrito with similar ingredients that i really want to try...
I got to try this food truck out at First Friday last night.  It was oh so delicious!  I got a chicken japanese burrito and it was really tasty!  And the price was really reasonable.  I'm a big fan and hope to see them next First Friday!
Wow! Absolutely amazing food for a reasonable price! Thank you for coming to punk rock bowling, you guys are amazing! The Japanese Burrito and the Chicken Plate were both perfectly done! Great job guys!
Wonderful!  Perfect, squishy little pork buns, friendly cart people, reasonable prices. What could you not love about that?

I have only thus far tried the edamame as a side with the  pork belly and pulled pork buns, on recommendation by the cart workers. All were wonderful. I especially loved the asian peach chutney on the pulled pork, it paired well with the shredded carrot and was almost a dessert to me. 

You can bet I will be trying more in the future. The very near future.
Tasty, but pricey.

I caught the cart on the weekends at the Farmer's market. It's pretty good, but with the price I was hoping for a little better.

Never had it at the actual restaurant, but I'm assuming it's the same. It's sadly just a tad bit better than the same pork bun served at Great Dane's, so that's not really saying much.
Amazing buns! The wonton chips are a tad too salty but I can eat this all day, all night.
Can't get enough of your love, babe. 

And there is certainly lotsa love to be had with an Umami pork bun. Oven roasted pork belly, scallions, hoisin sauce, and pickled cucumbers. Yep, it's love. 

The steamed bun is warm, fluffy and scrumptious, the meat tender. 

Flavorfully wonderful.
OK, now I have seen this trailer & smoker (JJ's Louisiana BBQ) with a simple stand set up at the Walmart the last few weekends and each time, I have passed it by. OMG!!! Tonight, I took a leap of faith and got the rib meal. Hands down the best smoked ribs I've ever tasted in my life! They were moist and the smoke ring was generous on these babies. The dinner was $10.00 cash and came with a soft potato roll & two sides (beans & potato salad) the beans were smokey and had meat in them too.  I can't believe this place wasn't on YELP yet.  From their website, it looks like they move around to diferent locations.  I found them at the 79th Ave & Peoria Walmart up on the entryway sidewalk. The menu displayed showed pulled pork, chicken or rib dinners. I can't wait to find them next week to try out the smoked chicken. YUM! If you love good BBQ, they would definitely be worth a try. Don't forget to give them a call to see where they will be for the day.
I too love his Q.  Found him set up on the North side of Peoria in a strip center west of the 101.
I've made it a once a week trip and have tried everything on the menu.  
The brisket, pulled pork, chicken, ribs and HOT LINKS.  *****
Hope he can brave the summer heat.
Best smoked BBQ pork ever.  We've had smoked pork in some of the most well-known proclaimed BBQ places across this country & JJ's surpasses them all!  his pulled pork, brisket, & ribs are moist, juicy & flavorful.  This man can smoke pork!!!  He makes his own BBQ sauces that are wonderful!  his pork brisket melted in my mouth. I hope they can get a truck instead of the canopy which makes it tough for them in the heat & gusty winds.  I'm sure they'll have a storefront soon & get rated as the Best in the state.  they beat Dillion's hands down.  We call them to find their location & drive there for lunch or early dinner.  Damn!  This man can smoke pork!!!  

We met James & Daniel at 95th Ave & Peoria.  We promised our taste buds that we'll  search them out weekly for lunch or an early dinner.  JJ'S cater's, too.  Every time I take my first bite of what I've ordered, I forget about how hot it is because I think I'm in heaven.  Yummmmmm!
Had a chance to enjoy Frank at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan twice - totally awesome both times.  The lobster mac n cheese dog of course was amazing.  The other dog I tried was the nightly special - I forgot what it was called but it had tomato jam, arugula, nuts, and pancetta on it - it was so freakin' good that I still have cravings for it... Maybe it was called the Wayne Newton?  I don't know, but it was awesome and went really well with the homemade chips.  Highly recommend you try this place ASAP!!!
I had a dog with a pretzel bun outside the Reggie and the Full Effect show. The truck's engine had the flu or something, but Adam still managed to post up a portable setup and be there as promised. 

It was one of the best hot dogs I've ever had, and I'm not just saying that because we're friends. The dog was gigantic and cooked to perfection, and you can't go wrong with a pretzel bun. As I stood there with a gob full of meat and bread telling him how great it was, he shrugged it off and said "making a good hot dog isn't complicated." and he's right - it isn't. Still, it's easy to get it wrong. Plus, I didn't quite get the full experience one would get at his truck where he's able to get really creative with it.

I've known Adam for years - we started out as poker buddies, but I watched him develop and follow his passion for cooking. I've had his cooking several times over the years, and it has always been good. I'm happy to see him with his own truck and business, and I hope it's an immense success... he deserves it. 

He uses only the finest ingredients, and he's one of the most creative chefs I've met. There's a reason he keeps appearing in newspaper articles and online interviews. He's about as close to a local celebrity chef as we've got, and he's just getting started. Go check out his website, or follow him on facebook to see where he's going to be next and do yourself a favor and go try one of his creations. You'll thank me later.
I guess you can categorize me as one of those phoenix hipster living veggie people. Glad I finally got a chance to try this truck out, they've been on my foodie list for a couple of months and they braved the ride to Gilbert. First off service was awesome and the owner Adam was super nice in answering and modifying my dog for me. I decided to go for protein style (hold the bun) and the quality of the dog was still phenomenal. Let me tell you the BEST VEGAN/VEGETARIAN dog I've had in this state. Even a non-veggie came over to double check they gave him a veggie dog versus the real thing. I opted for the delicious habanero ketchup, spicy brown mustard, dill relish and yummy sauerkraut. Originally Cali bred, I'm thankful for this truck and the options for us "special" people.
Excellent food, made my own combination. I will look for them in the future!
Good service, good food, nice looking truck, friendly, amazing gelato, vegetarian and vegan friendly, good fried pickles, reasonably priced. Check them out!
The bahn mi with chicken apple sausage on a brioche bun might be the best frank I've had in my life. 

The girl taking orders was funny and friendly. Took about ten minutes for us to get our dogs. They actually screwed up my friend's order, but replaced it with the correct sausage really quickly.

Prices were reasonable for the quality.
Excellent service, excellent food. Amazing and innovative.  How has Food network missed these guys?
We have a number of different food trucks that roll through where I work on Fridays... Frank is easily the best we've ever featured.  Pretzel buns are no stranger to me, I've had many a sandwich / burger on some of the best pretzel buns man can create.  But I've never had an all beef dawg on an elongated pretzel bun - it was epic.  Topped with lobster mac n' cheese - with dirty chips on the side - I am in food truck heaven.  The service was great, everything was fresh, and the only thing I didn't like was how hard it was to decide what to get.  LE GIT - and for a hot dog of this quality and a side of chips, $13 is more than reasonable.  I will seek them out on their facebook page and definitely be back for more - these guys are doing it right!

It should be noted that the only hot dog I've ever had that was better was up in Vancouver, B.C... but I was so far from sober I'm not certain my reasoning can be trusted.
AMAZING!! Lets just start off by saying I LOVE HOT DOGS!! When I found this food truck I was in heaven. A Bratwurst with Lobster Mac & Cheese on a Pretzel Bun, Forget about it!! This truck is amazing, everything I've had is delicious. If you are in the mood for a "not so ordinary" hot dog, brat or sausage dog you have to find this truck.
I had the most amazing white truffle burger I've ever had, not that I've ever had that before tonight but it was so delicious they were parked at the coach house tonight! Can't wait to find out where the going to be parked next and try one of the gourmet cupcakes delicious!!!
Thanks for catering the Skirt Chaser 5K in Tempe! The burger & fries were delicious!! The bacon in the burger was definitely an awesome surprise!
The veggie burger was fantastic!!!! Way to cater to the veggie crowd. Loved the food.
Best food truck around! If I was were able to rate two thumb up in addition to stars, I would.  

I tried the California Burger, very tasty; avocado, pickled red onions, pepper jack cheese, chipotle aioli and a sunny side egg to top it all off... If that's not a flavor blast in your mouth I don't know what is. 

I invite anyone, whether you have a sophisticated pallet or not, to indulge in the deliciousness that is Aioli Gourmet Burgers.

Great food,  great staff what else could you ask for?
This place is the real deal!!! The California burger is a must have!! Very friendly service as well. Highly recommend them to anyone that needs a food truck for events!
This food truck has it going on....
I am a huge burger fan and these are top notch! I ordered the Black and Blue burger and it was amazing. The balance of flavors, the juicy patty, smoked bacon and fresh baked bun can't be beaten.  
They also have fresh lemonade, I had the mango, and it was phenomenal!

If claim to be a burger fan, your list is not complete until you try these!
There have been some great burger places opening in the Phoenix area as of late.  I would say my top 2 favorites are Aioli Burgers and Ingos tasty burgers.  Both are special in their own way.  This food truck recently took over the spot at Urban cookies that has been occupied by short leash for years.  I am a big fan of short leash and the transition to this food truck has been great.  I always get the white truffle burger because who doesn't love that flavor!  It was fantastic and went well with the ice cold mexican coke.  I will make it a habit to visit them every Tuesday at Urban Cookies.  The tradition of great food trucks continues!
My first encounter with this deliteful company occurred at the Coach house. I was starving and didn't want to leave the bar or my friends.. Thankfully Aioli had their food truck right by the outside patio. It only took about 20 minutes of mouth watering smells to convince me I needed to try one.

I ordered the Aioli burger (figured the signature burger was a good starting point) and fries and dont think I could have made a better choice. Made fresh, taste great, and a fun staff to interact with.

Cheers Chef Tom to a job well done!
It is not often anymore, that I tuck into a real burger but after a long walk around the Tempe town lake area this Sunday morning, the burger truck was a siren song that I could not resist and, I'm glad I did not resist, what a burger!

The cost is surprisingly affordable at $7 for a fully loaded burger and an additional $3 for some of the best fries I've had in a long time. They had the texture of a Belgian fry so I knew these had been through an initial fry and cooling, and then fried again in the truck - crispy all the way through and you can get them with a number of hand crafted sauces - the one I tried, and liked quite a bit, was the handmade ketchup.

As for the burger, I'm a bun fan and this was a hell of a good locally made bun. As for the meat, they aren't stingy on the patty - hand formed and with enough fat in it to meld all the ingredients together - I had the signature Aioli burger with lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese and bacon - I can't eat those often anymore but when I do, I would gladly eat a burger here. 

For my more constrained moments, when I want a burger without shooting up my cholesterol levels, they do offer a veggie burger which I look forward to trying - the security at the Sunday farmer's market in Tempe said they generally come every other week.

All in all, probably the best burger I've had in a long time - if you are a burger fan, this is one you need to try - and then you can eat it and people watch the people at the market - a great way to spend the first part of your Sunday! :-)
My boyfriend and I went here for dinner Sunday evening at the Tasting Room on Wilson where their food truck was set up.  After hearing great things about their food and seeing the delicious looking photos, we decided to give it a try! 

The prices are very affordable here, which honestly surprised me.  I ordered the Aioli Burger with fries and my boyfriend ordered the White Truffle Burger.  After we each took the first bite (while still chewing) the first thing we both said was "oh my god, this is so good." These burgers were as mouth watering as their photos.  Incredibly juicy and tender with obviously fresh ingredients.  My salted fries came served with both a home made ketchup and a garlic dipping sauce; I wanted to just drink them by themselves, that's how good they are!  Every aspect of our meal was amazing and we are so glad that we found this gem.

I keep track of their calendar to see when they will be around our neck of the woods so I can grab another Aioli Burger (see ya 4/17!!).  Wish I could have one right this second! I highly recommend this food truck; you will not be disappointed.
My first interaction with Aioli Burger was at the Sail Inn on Mill. I enjoyed the food soo much I decided it would be the perfect addition to my my fathers 50th birthday party. We were planning a Casino night and originally just doing a BBQ, glad I changed my mind and had Aioli Burger take care of the work so I could enjoy the night!

They are mainly known for their burgers but they also worked with me to create a custom menu offering several types of sandwiches, sides, and of course their world famous burgers! Kyle and the Chef Tommy were easy to work with and really made sure I had no worries! Will definitely be using them again!
Tom and his team does a phenomenal job in creating the most delicious burgers.... Had an awesome dinner experience last night. Tom was gracious enough to wait the extra 15 mins before closing so we could get our meal. Thank you!!! Your kind heartedness touched us last night and will touch many more... God bless you and keepdoing the rok, you will see success big time!!
Okay, so I ended up at Sandpiper Elementary to try the burgers here after looking at their calendar and seeing that's where they'd be on my husband's birthday; turns out it was the school's art fair and that's why the truck was at the school! But that didn't stop us from eating one heck of a delicious burger. We both had the Aioli burger and fries. The burger was absolutely fantastic! The aioli is fresh made, requires refrigeration, and is truly gourmet. The fries were a little salty, but the burger is really why you go to a gourmet burger place, so who cares? The only thing is that it was quite a bit of a wait because it is so small in that little truck and there was only the one guy cooking.
It's food truck day at the office.  I wasn't sure what to expect but I ordered the FALAFEL burger and the Caprese salad. Wholly COW. AMAZING. Like, I want to stalk the truck amazing. Like, if it wasn't 1:00 and the trucks were leaving, I would run back out just to get another so I could have it for dinner tonight. Literally, the best burger I have EVER  eaten (outside of home of course lol) And the caprese salad was made perfectly. I'm in love.
Excellent burger, fries, friendly staff and quick service only problem I had was the bun was a little stale. I will give them another try for sure it was at the end of Lunch.
To Die For! This is what a food truck should be!  Food was delicious and creative and priced very reasonably.  I purchased their signature salad that was enormous for $7, white truffle burger that is delicious and again, $7.  The sauces for the fries are AMAZING!  You can absolutely tell the pride they take in their business.  It was well over 100 degrees inside their truck and yet the chef still wore his impressive chef's coat.  There was no pre-packaged food being served here (like on some food trucks) .  Down to the home made ketsup, these guys are AWESOME!  Thank you for a great lunch....please come back soon!
One of the best burgers I've ever had. I checked out this little truck at the Saturday night gathering of trucks in Scottsdale. I order a truffle burger it was cooked perfectly and was rich and full of flavor. The perfect burger to go with a cold beer. Kudos to the chef.
Great burgers..
Food trucks are really taking off here in Az and a new kid on the block, Chedda Truck is awesome.  Their burgers are not your run of the mill, example the Kill Me Softly with bacon, blue cheese, arugula, cranberry gastrique and the bun is a Krispy Kreme donut!  Whaaatt! Ps get the chedda tots, they come with a chipotle cream cheese dipping sauce!
One of the best burgers I've ever had. I want to try them all!! The cheddar tots were kinda weird but not bad weird. Would get them again!
The husband and I went to the Cheddatruck for our 5 monthaversary last week after seeing their menu the previous week. This place has some very interesting burgers on their menu including a burger served on a donut, a burger with mac and cheese on it, a burger with bacon and eggs on it, a burger with pastrami on it.... the combos were odd and plentiful. he husband got the burger with the mac and cheese and it was really good. He won the food contest for sure. The best part of this burger? The mustard....it was really tasty mustard. I got the mother hen burger that has an egg and bacon on it. The bacon was very crispy and tasty. The only issue was that the english muffin was a little small and the burger could have benefited from a different sauce from the one that came on it (a sriracha aioli)... maybe like that mustard? Oh ya.... We also got the cheese tots with the chipotle cream cheese... that was pretty delicious. I think I gained 10 pounds from the one meal, but it was worth it. Although this is not my favorite burger in town, I would like to make it back there soon and would recommend that you check them out!
My family and I were so excited to try this truck! The burgers all sounded so amazing and different! 

My husband got the Mac n' Cheese burger, brother got the breakfast burger and my mom and I both had the special with blue cheese and roasted peppers. Well we were all super disappointed. All of our burgers were very dry and had hardly any toppings. The Mac n Cheese burger did have yummy Mac n cheese on it, but the burger itself was very dry with no other sauces. It really didn't compare to the pictures. 

There was only one employee working that night so I am wondering if he was just super busy and understaffed. Not sure...but for $8 I would have rather had something else.
First let me say I'm a HUGE fan of all things cheesey and a growing fan of food trucks. For weeks I had been tracking Chedda on instagram waiting for him to be in the neighborhood. Zia Records, on records day, we were there. I was stoked! 

Husband and I both got dirt bags (burger & cheese) & tots. Both lacked flavor. Both weren't cheesey. Both were disappointing. I almost cried. So much built up anticipation for... nada! And it set me back $19.

Burgers were huge, bun was thick and burnt. Tots tasted like bland mashed potatoes and the sauce was super odd. Wouldn't recommend.
FINALLY! Every time I noticed they were going to be in the west valley I always had something else going on, I was so excited to see they were going to be by my house alone with Waffle Crush (yay!) I ordered the Green Mile & fries, they were out of tots.  I guess halfway through our order they ran out of fries which was a bummer.  The burger was ammmmmaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzziiiiiiiinnnnnnnnggggggg!!! I am obsessed with anything macaroni & cheese so this was the perfect combo! The mac was creamy, the bun was toasted perfectly & the meat was seasoned just right. LOVED IT!
I had high hopes for Cheddatruck. I love a good burger, it's seriously one of my favorite foods. Unfortunately though, Cheddatruck did not really win me over. My boyfriend was hoping to get the burger with mac n cheese on it but they were out of mac n cheese so he got one with an egg on it instead. I got just a plain cheeseburger. We also ordered tots.

Our burgers were just okay. Mine was a little overcooked and just kind of lacking flavor overall. My boyfriend said his wasn't real memorable. The tots, while they were hand-made, were a disappointment. Like the burger, the flavor just wasn't there. Even though they had cheese in them (supposedly) and they were served with an herb cream cheese, they were bland and just kinda blah. And $3 for 7 tots is a bit steep. 

Overall (and considering the price) there are much better burger options around. Sorry Cheddatruck, but you can just keep on driving.
Since moving to Wisconsin, I have been searching for good grilled cheese sandwiches.  And, Melted certainly fits the bill.

I had the American Caprese sandwich, and it was a solid sandwich.  The pesto and tomatoes added a nice tang to the flavor.  I thought it was better than the grilled cheese at the Old Fashioned and Coopers Tavern, but not as good as Monty's.

All sandwiches come with a shot of tomato soup, which is not particularly remarkable.

The drawback was the price.  The basic sandwich is $6 and the specialty sandwiches are $8.  That was steep for a small, food-cart sandwich without a side.  In fact, I went over to Ian's right after for a slice of pizza to make a full lunch.

Again, the sandwich was quite good.  However, I would prefer to buy a slice of Ian's mac and cheese pizza and a slice of caprese pizza and a bag of puppy chow for the same price.
First time at this cart. Great experience. Staff was friendly and helpful. I opted for the jalepeno popper sandwich because it's first on the menu (and I plan to work my way thru it). 

It was nicely grilled. Perfect, in fact. Gooey cheese and big slices of jalepeno. Delicious bread. A little cup of tomato soup for dunking on the side. 

There are some great food carts on the square. This is looking to be a new favorite.
Delish!  Fun and yummy grilled cheese sandwiches that come with a shot of tomato soup...what's not to love?  And bonus, it's a food truck.
It's inside F.A.M.E. located at the Linq and probably a 4 minute walk from the High Roller Ferris Wheel. If you use your GPS and type in Linq Ave it will direct you to the street you need. We parked in Valet. From there you walk up to cobblestone street once you go past the beautiful water fountain it's on the right hand side across from the pizza place. Look for the sign F.A.M.E. It's right as you walk in.

Now to get to the food! I'm not much of a adventurous person, I like some Japanese cooking & my boyfriend raves about the food truck meets. He brings all his friends from out of town to try it. Heck even a friend of ours from Rhode Island visited and even HE said it was delicious. I know the food truck has quite a major following on their Facebook page!

I ordered a number one burger no tomato, onion, ginger. I added BACON & Shiitake mushrooms (additional toppings are $1.99 EACH). Togarshi Garlic fries have a little KICK to them, but nothing I can't wash down with a Pepsi (32 oz. 3.49). Togarshi Garlic fries come with a side of crack sauce, it's very addicting. The sauce came on my burger and I really loved the flavors. This place is far from bland. You grab your own drinks, no waiter service which is fine with me.

I really enjoyed eating here and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a shock to the taste buds. Also F.A.M.E. has free Wifi if you're interested. I'd like to come back.
The best. Nothing tops these burgers. Jazz fries are a most as long as the fryer is working.(only been down twice of around 15 times or so.) No matter what you order it is amazing.
Love the concept, love the space it's in, love Colin for his hospitality. I discovered Fuku through a friend when it was just a food truck! My go to choice on the menu is the "Buta Burger" - mmmmm! Randomly went walking through The Linq with a friend and saw Colin had put some roots down inside of F.A.M.E. - an Asian street market. Udon, ramen, Fuku, sake, Japanese beer + MUSIC & ENTERTAINMENT? Don't threaten me with a good time.
This was the first time I have tried a Fuku Burger. I have been hearing about the Fuku Burger food truck for quite some time now. I am not one as to be so inclined as to chase a food truck around town for a burger. If I did ever do it though, this would be the burger.

I was over at the Linq and I heard they opened a Fuku Burger inside Fame. It is over in the right corner of Fame. I stopped in and grabbed a few burgers to-go so I could try these famous burgers I have been hearing about. I will say, I was not disappointed at all.

I ordered the Kinko Burger, Kari Burger, and the Lucky Burger. I don't know which burger was which, but they were all very good. The one with the mushrooms was kinda sweet. I think it had teriyaki sauce on it. Which ever one was spicy was my favorite. They are not really big, so I could eat two with no problem.

Anyways, now I know why people are always talking about the Fuku Burger food truck. Excellent burgers. I would definitely recommend this place if you want a great burger.
Great service and delicious Asian themed burgers . This is a place you can't miss if your in town or a local .The tamago burger is out of this world . I live the garlic fries too .

The food truck and the actual spot both serve up done tasty burgers so try them out . I promise you won't be disappointed .
This was the second time I had Fukuburger. The first was in their actual truck at a Car Meet. In my opinion, their menu is over priced, but for the quality I guess you could say it's okay. The fries don't come with much and it's about $4-5. The burgers range from about $8-10, but just for the burger itself. Everything is paid separately. If you get a drink though, you can get $1 off. It's located in a good area so I'm sure it gets a lot of business. The people are friendly. However, they messed up on my order. I ordered three burgers (number two, I forgot what they're called but it has egg and onions), fries with crack and ketchup sauce, and a drink. When I got called by my funny nickname, I only had two burgers. I was confused and ended up having to buy another one and spent a total of almost $40. That amount of money for three burgers, a little bit of fries, and a small drink was kinda pushin' it. Not sure why the order was messed up, but other than that little issue, it's not bad. It wouldn't be something I'd crave though.
Fukuburger, Fuku so good!

Located inside FAME at the LINQ, Fukuburger offers innovative Asian-inspired burgers, fries and loco moco for those looking to tantalize the palate.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#k0iG_a95OyoEJpJz9Fumsg

When I saw the Tamago burger ($7.99), I knew I had to have it.  I'm an egg slut from way back.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#gr4jTA0IVQkD2Pw7J-Qd9w
Fuku-patty with furikake & teriyaki, finished with crispy onion rings & fried egg.  The first bite was like a rainbow shining down on me. Like Willy Wonka farted candy into the air.  Runny egg oozing over the delicious patty, the sweetness of the teriyaki married together with the crunch of the onion rings.  A fairly sized burger, I felt the pricepoint was a decent value, considering it is Vegas.  I relished each delicious bite.

Service was okay.  It took a while for my burger to be cooked, but I know it's made fresh to order so I can't complain.  There is bar seating directly in front, with tables insided & outside FAME.

Free jelly candy!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#DNzhAcLMgJFh-kOR8wLL_w

Fukuburger, I'm a big fan!  The Tamago burger was the real deal & one of the highlights, of many, from my trip to Vegas.  I hope you come back to SoCal so I can satisfy my cravings for your Asian-inspired delectables again!

Highly recommend!
Without a doubt one of the best burgers I have ever had. I had the #2 and it was BOMB! I am a fan for life now and will be back time and time again.
This new Fukuburger is a joke. It's all hype like this whole FAME place. I have been at this location twice, and they messed up on my orders twice. 9 bucks for one burger? That doesn't even include fries. Now I used to love Fukuburger. I've had them since I was a junior in high school, and I always got the Tamago and it was by far one of the best I've ever had. But after having the new FAME location's Tamago, twice, I am no longer a fan. Both times, the fried onions were so stale, and that's basically the best damn part. Now the first time, they forgot to make my jazz fries. The second time, we ordered three burgers, we got two, everything got lost in translation and she had to buy another burger. The kitchen staff is so unorganized. It's ridiculous. I guess there's room for improvement, but it's really sad to see a great burger joint downgrade. This was such a great opportunity for them, and congrats for an actual location, but I'm giving them two stars because the kitchen quality is shit and the price they give us is not worth it.
I had heard about the Fukuburger food truck from either Food Network or the Travel Channel, so when I accidentally discovered that they now had a permanent location in the FAME location within the Linq, I was ecstatic!  Originally, I planned to have lunch that day at Holstein's in the Cosmopolitan, but after finding Fukuburger and hearing from my friend (a local) that Holstein's was not that great, I decided to cancel my Holstein's reservation and go here.  Man, am I glad that I did.  As the name may imply, Fukuburger offers Asian inspired burgers.  I had the Tamago Burger, an all-beef Fuku-patty with furikake, teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onion strings and a fried egg.  While smaller than a similar burger I thoroughly enjoyed at Bachi Burger earlier during my trip, the Tamago was fantastic.  If you are on the Strip, do yourself a favor and give this a try!
I saw a picture of egg on a burger (sold) with the words "japanese burger" written on it and knew I haddddd to sneak my way here if needed!... which wasn't a problem because we actually ended up eating here twice during our trip ^ ^

I lovelovelove burgers and a big slut when it comes to eggs (as Mr. Bourdain would put it) so I was super stoked to find that you can add it (eggs) to any burger, not just the number two *_*_*_*

The place is in some sort of 'asian fusion' center that has a lot of side shows going on weekend nights (taiko drums, street dancers etc...) 

Service was super friendly. They cook everything to order, so if you're in a hurry you may not want to eat here cause it takes a little longer than fast food joint would. Burgers are cooked perfectly (medium to medium rare) so they are super juicy and the yolk jizzes down the center making my eyes dilate and mouth water with pleasure. 

Jazz fries are good if you want something extra however just getting the garlic fries (not that garlicy to be honest) with the crack sauce is satisfying enough (ask for extra!).

I got the number 1 : fuku 'lucky' burger and 3: buta 'pig' burger while my boyfriend got the spicy burger both trips. While they were all good I felt the number 3 had the most flavor..and spicy burger isn't so spicy, which is coming from someone who doesn't eat a ton of spicy food (however one of our friends thought it was really spicy...so if you're super sensitive maybe you should just skip it).


overall though i believe almost everyone in our group felt satisfied eating here..and if you don't mind a little wait for your food you should definitely come here!
Was happy to find the Fuku had a brick and mortar spot. Expect the price here to be a buck or two more than the truck is on the regular. You are paying for the location and the convenience. 

I had the number three. Love this burger with the bacon and the ginger such a great combo. If you are looking for a great burger near the strip this is it. Forget those overpriced gourmet burger place and just go the linq, then to fame, then to fuku. I will say this don't get the fries. Overpriced for what you are getting. That is my only complaint when it comes to fuku. I would say forget the fries and get a second burger. Yep that is the ticket. 2 great burgers hold the mediocre fries. 

Definately reccomend you try this place.