Lantana is a great example of a resort restaurant: there is emphasis on service much moreso than creativity or innovation in the food they serve.

If you do find yourself here, however, the standout dish is the Chinese Chicken Chop salad. When I recommend a salad above all else, you know that salad must be for real.

Outside of that though, everything is ok, but not great. The atmosphere is nice and it's usually good and quiet, so it may be just what the doctor ordered if all you're looking to do is chat up your company in peace and have a couple drinks.
I am not generally a fan of hotel restaurants, but the fact that Lantana Grille is separate from the Squaw Peak Hilton gives the establishment its own identity.  I ate there with a large group, including my good friend, Bell Bag.

We had a limited menu because of our group.  I went with the burger, which was very good, with exception to the dry, day old bun.  The fries were excellent and the fact that our server walked around with a tray of ketchup servings won her my undying devotion.

The layout of the restaurant was somewhat "upscale chain."  The private room we were in had almost no air conditioning, which made the meal a bit uncomfortable.  Also, the evening took a strange turn when my friend, Bell Bag, left early without saying goodbye to anyone.

Overall, a good meal, but not a great one, mainly due to the dry bun and the hot room.  But, I'd give it another chance to improve itself to "4 star" status.
This is a value option, I think the food here is good and the price very reasonable.  Consider there meeting room if you're looking to host 30-50 people as it is accomodating and the service has always been good.
Usually hotel restaurants are overpriced, overrated and not very good. The Lantana Grille could you be your exception. 

Although we only ate the buffet brunch every morning at the Lantana Grille it was amazing! Usually at buffet brunches the selection of foods is limited; this wasn't the case whatsoever at the Lantana,. 

They have a chef who can prepare you homemade omelette's, french toast, pancakes, waffles or Belgium waffles. They have a nice array of fresh fruit, pastries, yogurts, morning meats, eggs, potatoes to go along with the BEST granola I have ever had. The granola had mango's, banana's and pineapple in it and I made sure to eat a hearty amount of it every morning. 

I would highly recommend starting your day here if you are a fan of breakfast.
I wanted breakfast that didn't require a long wait or making it myself.  I was probably off best by just sucking it up and making breakfast at home because Lantana Grille was pretty disappointing.
We arrived and thought the place was actually closed because there was not a single car in the parking lot and when we walked in, there was no hostess.  But we saw some people sitting so I asked if we just seat ourselves and they replied with "Sure!"-- I guess that is what I would say too if someone asked me mid breakfast at Lantana Grille what to do upon walking in.

There was a large party in the back, they mentioned that they were in town for a wedding so I am guessing they must have walked over from the Pointe Hotel.  (this explained no cars in the lot).

It is set up like a breakfast buffet, you pay $15 or $16/person and eat whatever in the buffet.  The choices are limited and not that good.  The best part was the made to order omlets and that is it.  Even the sauasage and bacon seemed to taste off.  HOW does that happen?  So the buffet had scrambled eggs (don't eat those-ick), sausage, bacon, french toast, syrup, cereal, fruit.  oh and the omlets-- best bet are the omlets. 

Service was slow, only one gal running around for the whole place and even though not busy when we got there, there was still a huge group in the back, a small group up front and us.  Then another large group came in as we were finishing up.

I just wanted to get out of there.
I'm staying at the squaw peak resort and had a free breakfast voucher for this place. I waited for 15 minutes. No waiter. Finally flagged one down and ordered an omelette. Nothing fancy. 20 minutes later no omelette. Finally flagged the waitress down an said I had to leave. She said she would put it in a box for me and went to the kitchen. Three minutes later, still no waitress. No box. I walked out hungry. Went back for lunch. It was a big mistake. almost no customers there as we arrived at 11:10 am. It took FOREVER. Fifty minutes later my fish tacos arrived. Not once did my water get refilled. No one asked me how my lunch was. I'm never coming back. I wish I could give it 0 stars.
Got there on a Sat morning at 11am, only 2 tables had customers( first clue). We wanted the breakfast buffet for $15 per person. Big dissapointment. They where already taking down the buffet items & it was only 11am (2nd clue). Went to the omlet bar and the cook looked grouchy and pissed to have to open back up. The sign said your choice of cheese but seems like the cook picks what type of cheese you want on your omlet. Even worse was the cold bacon, cold french toast, & yucky tasting cold dry pancakes. The self serve milk was room temperature. And to top it off they charged me 18% gratuity on parties of 6 or more. The whole tab was like $120.00 for the worst breakfast this summer. Only 2 things I liked about this restaurant, Samantha, our waitress and the fruit. Would definitaly NOT go back here. Theres a Mc Donalds down the street and you get the same quality of food for less than $20 for 6 people.
Would be 4 stars but you have to pay $9.95 per day for the Internet so that's an automatic downgrade. I'm staying here on the government's dime, so that makes it a little nicer for me since I don't have to pay for any of it, although I'm sure I have the cheapest hotel room in the place. The golf course looks pretty nice and I hear that it is good. The room is decent, though it can be rather loud and the Heater / AC is quite loud. Rooms were clean and nice.
We just spent the weekend here and enjoyed Spring Training Games.  HoHoKum park is only 5 minutes away, and Camelback is about 30 minutes away which is Nothing!  I really had a fantastic time in the Arizona...period!  BUT what made it so nice is rooms are clean, there is plenty of room in standard rooms, the place is quiet and the beds are SO comfortable!  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the Spa/Jacuzzi's were only luke warm.  We talked to the front desk and she said a lot of people had been complaining and she had told maintenance but she didn't know what was going on.  It was still really cold in the evenings, so that was a big let down....also, the air conditioning in the rooms are LOUD....but the comfortability makes up for it.   I would definitely stay here again.  It's mostly older people playing golf, not a lot of kids running around everywhere and our room was right in front of the pool and there was no problems with noise.

ENJOY! I would recommend this!
We stayed here because it was cheap and close to my brother's house.

Were we ever pleasantly surprised!  The people were nice here, the room is huge, there's a 'fridge and microwave in the room too.

I like this place, we'll stay here again.
Nice casita that can sleep 6 for $99, plus free breakfast. What a deal. Service was excellent but the catered food was TERRIBLE!
I highly recommend staying here at the Arizona Golf Resort if you are ever in Mesa Arizona, room is abosulely gorgeous, service is a five star.  Would come back for sure whenever I come back to Mesa.
What a pleasant surprise!!!

Coming in for the birth of our grandchild, we were on a budget.  We
Originally booked elsewhere first assuming a golf resort would be out of our budget.  

Our stay at our intended hotel lasted about 5 minutes due to disgusting room and rude staff. As we drove to meet friends for dinner we passed the resort and decided to check rates. To our astonishment the resort was less per night than the scuzzy dirty motel down the road.

The staff was AMAZING!!!!  From the front desk to security to wait staff I can't believe how helpful, kind and just pleasant every single staff member we met was!!

The rooms, while in need of updating, we're spotless!  We had a suite in the back with a front door facing a courtyard and a back door to a patio on the greens. The beds were comfy, the front room was complete with a very well appointed kitchen area and even had a stove top.

If you are expecting a Ritz or The Wyndham you will be disappointed. It is outdated and not stuffy or pretentious like those types of resorts  It is not a luxury resort. It is a clean, comfortable, working mans resort with a warm and comfy staff and stunningly affordable rates. 

We will stay here again and recommend it highly.
Customer service was great and the scenery is amazing! Love the fact that everything is very conveniently close by!
With the nice looking website and favorable reviews, I had high hopes for this place. Kind of a disappointment. Upon first sight of the resort from the street I felt a little let down, the signage is so old and tacky looking, so I was worried about what the rest of the place would be like.  We were in one of the resort suites which was a separate building that did have the benefit of having it's own pool separate from the main pool.  The one vending machine there was out of order, and the main lobby did not have a little shop that sold drinks or anything which would have been nice to have.  Big gaping whole the the ceiling in the open air hallway area. Lots of work needs to be done, things are falling apart.  The actual room wasn't too bad, decorated better than expected. Not the cleanest though. Long dark hairs on the bathroom floor before anyone had even used it, and none in our party was brunette. The shower head was like 2 feet too short.  And I'm 5'11, you should have seen my 6'2 husband. I had to seriously crank my neck back and bend down to wash my hair. Not a pleasant experience.  The whole tub/shower needs to be replaced. Everything seemed to have layers of dust on it, ESPECIALLY in the kitchen cabinets. Yuck - don't store your food in there until you take a look. 

The free breakfast was good, although we only went once. No parking fee or Internet fee were all good things.

For the resort suites they draw on a little map a very small area to park but it is a shared lot that people also use for private residences? Sketchy. Also very confusing I saw multiple people backing up and looking around trying to find where to go. No clear markings or directions. Didn't matter anyhow because the little lot was full the whole time anyway so we had to park in the main lobby and walk.  The walk wasn't bad but at night you were going through sprinklers and it is not lit at all so you are forced to creep around in the shadows. I would not feel safe if I was doing that walk in the dark alone. 

My husband and his father were supposed to golf two mornings, but after the first decided the one round was plenty. He said groups of people cut in front the them multiple times and the rental clubs were awful.


All these things aren't too major but one thing was really annoying during our stay... We had a rental car during our stay that had it's battery die on us.  We were finally able to get into the car and we decided to go in and ask the front desk if they could call someone in maintenance maybe to get a a jumper cable. We thought it would be quicker and easier than waiting for Alamo to get to us. (We where in a hurry trying to get to a ballgame.) The lady calls maintenance and he says "we don't do that". Okay I know it is not their responsibility for the guest's vehicle, but you would think they would care enough about the customer to help fix a problem like that. A resort that size with golf carts and maintenance vehicles all over the place has got to have a jumper cable. Maybe I'm jaded from being from a small town where people give a damn and a complete stranger will go out of their way to help you - I don't know.  We paid $1000 in room stay, and golf. You can't jump our car and help us out on our short vacation? There is an auto shop across the street! You can't call over there and arrange us some help? Unbelievable. I guess they don't know much about common courtesy of helping someone in need out...especially a paying guest. If we were an elderly couple, you think they would have helped us out?  I don't know.  The rooms weren't bad, but I would not come back to Arizona Golf Resort or recommend it.  I can find a clean updated hotel with a better location, nicer pool, and golf else where next time - even if it means paying a little more. Like they say, "you get what you pay for".
The scenery was amazing!! Wooooooooo!! - Well thats my biggest impression of this place. If you're looking for a great place to golf, i suggest you swing by this place. They give you 5 stars customer service and making sure that you're having the best time of your life.
the reviews on here are waay too nice. 

this place is old. the pictures make it look soooo much nicer than it is. 

everything here is old. im pretty sure the alarm clocks are older than me. the tube tv's have a loud hum when you turn them on. 

the room was big, and clean, but it had an almost mildewish kinda smell to it. the bed was large, and wasnt too bad. 

the location is semi central to a lot. but, then again, it is mesa. there's an awesome bagel place around the corner. 

oh, and the toilet. let me tell you... every 5-8 tires, it will actually flush. 

the internet was super slow. if you have an ipad, iphone, or anything that needs updates, dont do it on this wifi. 

all in all, i would have rather stayed at a motel 6. this place must have been cool 2 years ago. i wonder how many people died in that room...
Great place!  Needed to meet some people for a one day business meeting.  Hospitality through the roof!  Also booked rooms for a couple nights.  It's an older place but more than served it's purpose, coming from a person that travels and has seen both the best and worst of what hotels offer.

Unanimous decision by the group that this will be our "Phoenix" place to meet in the future!
I stayed many a moon at the Golf Resort back in the 90's when it was the ONLY place to stay anywhere near Power Road and it was actually pretty much in the middle of nowhere with nothing of interest around it except for a HEB grocery nearby and a smattering of restaurants that closed at 9:00 because nearly all the nearby residents were retirees.  Imagine that!

Nice spacious rooms and a great place to get together as a group and grill outside on their grills, and if you played golf that was even better.  I understand it's showing her age these days and is probably due for some updating.  Still, it was a great place and hopefully will remain so.
This place is a tale of two hotels. 

First and foremost, the grounds are quite nice. It's a very big resort, in terms of footprint, with tons of buildings scattered quite a distance from each other. If you have mobility issues or the weather is bad, I can see that being a pain. Since neither was the case when I was there, I liked it a lot. The restaurant inside is good, though not spectacular. Meeting rooms are quite nice. People are incredibly friendly, both at the front desk and in terms of banquet staff. Pools look nice, but I never used one. 

The rooms are a different story. Apparently they are trying to sell the hotel, so they have done no renovations. You can tell. It's very clean, but just old and worn out. I was upgraded to a big suite with a full kitchen (incl oven), and it was certainly more space than I needed for a few nights. The TVs are old with very few channels. The WiFi is very poor. The bathroom is small and the shower head is suitable for a 5 year old, in terms of height. Beds are comfortable. The patio is quite nice, as mine overlooked the 18th green (I believe it was the 18th). 

If this place gets updated, I could see it being fantastic. But as of now, the rooms bring down the otherwise nice place.
Stayed in a casita in the 600 area which was very fine. Comfortable bed, nice facilities including sink and fridge. Very quiet and the curtains did a fine job of keeping out sunlight. Didn't watch TV but the wi-fi was spotty. Shower pressure was not great but serviceable. Outside our cluster of rooms were weber grills and a jacuzzi. Staff was most attentive and courteous and arrived promptly when I requested a lift to the registration area or other functions around the large restort. Location is fantastic for the event I attended -- the premiere gathering of BONANZA fans at Lorne Greene's Ponderosa Ranch -- the actor's former home built to be an exact duplicate of the famed ranch house set. It was a short walk across the outer rim of the driving range to the back of the "Cartwright" ranch house (but if you walk across the green rather than get a complimentary ride from the resort to the Greene house, do watch out when the old duffers are practicing their drives . . )
I fully acknowledge that I'm probably not target audience for this place.  I attended a professional conference and stayed here for four nights.  I don't golf, so I can't comment on that but...

The accommodations were alright (400's a suite)-I don't have incredibly high standards, but the furniture in our suite was rather dated and appeared as though it hadn't been updated since 1992.  Everything was clean, and I can tolerate outdated much better than dirty.  While I don't need a flat screen tv, I do appreciate one that does not have diagonal fuzzy lines through the picture, the channel selection was also slim.  The biggest issue for me was the internet connection.  I couldn't stream video because the connection was less than 1MBPS download.  The 'fitness center' was a rather remote location and a bit dismal.  

We did have a hospitality suite on the other side of the resort (700's maybe) and it was actually quite nice, very updated and modern, so perhaps that is part of the varied reviews here-that some of the buildings/rooms have been renovated and others have not.

The actual conference facility/meeting rooms were acceptable.  The outdoor space was quite nice and enjoyable.  I had no complaints on the food.  The staff were also decently accommodating.  Though, when I asked about getting transportation into Phoenix, I was met with a blank stare-like no one staying here had ever asked such a thing.

O, and there is a replica of the Ponderosa homestead made by Lorne Greene (Ben Cartwright in the show) on site.  Yeah, that went off the air 10 years before I was born, but the family that runs it is quite nice.  By the end of the event, I had heard a rumor that the facility was in bankruptcy and bank owned which accounted for the lack of updates.

All in all, if I had the chance to stay here again, I would probably only do so if I got a great rate ($100 or less)
I would give this place negative stars if I could. We planned a trip for a softball tournament to Arizona and found this room online. We called and booked a suite big  enough for 6 people. The guy who booked the room said it didn't matter how many people we had in the room it only mattered for breakfast and since we were not having breakfast two ppl was all we needed to list. I provided him with my card number to reserve and he said they would not charge anything until midnight the night we were staying if we did not show. This was a month and a half ago. Our trip was this weekend and after driving 6 hours we show up to the Hotel only for the manager Tammy to tell me she is sorry but they tried to run the card on file and it was invalid so they gave the room away! I told her it was impossible and she tried to act like she was embarrassing me by saying my card declined, which when I confirmed the last 4 was not even my bank card I had provided. What it came down to is every place in the area was booked for several events and she up sold our room leaving us stranded without a place to sleep! It took two hours to find a room but we went through Marriott which was a much better hotel. This could have been considered one incident but we had other people that were staying at Arizona golf resort as well and Tammy gave away the double they reserved trying to put 3 adults in one king bed! We have attempted to contact corporate through email and on Facebook. They deleted our Facebook post. Do not ever book here if you get into town late and they are over sold you might be stuck without a place to stay. I was very disappointed and if the manager Tammy is any indication of how the hotel runs its a nightmare. She had the worst customer service skills I have ever seen!
We are checking out tomorrow morning after a three day stay here at the Arizona Golf Resort. 

Pros: We got a really nice room (400's). The bed is super comfortable, nice chairs and a table, lots of lighting, nice television set along with a fridge, microwave and sink. The bathroom is very spacious with a huge bathtub! Nice marble countertops and there's an iron and ironing board in the room as well. Very nice accommodations. The décor is a bit outdated but so what? I'm not staying here to stare at the walls or the bedspread; I came to visit family. All we did was slept and showered in our room. 

Another HUGE pro is that they allow pets. Seeing as though we have two, this was a big selling point for us to stay here. 

The ground are beautiful and well-maintained. The staff is very friendly and helpful. 

Cons: When I first made our reservation, I specifically asked about pets and pet fees. I was told that yes, they allow pets and no, there are no pet fees. Great! Not so fast....on the television, there's a channel that allows you to see your room bill. Turns out we got charged $25 PER PET for a total of $50. Not cool..if you want to charge a pet fee, you MUST tell people up front; not just tack it to their bill and expect them to pay it. Somewhat shady. 

*BE CAREFUL ABOUT THIS* This resort charges for LOCAL CALLS. They are NOT FREE! This is something that we did not know until we saw our call charges on the room bill. Luckily, someone removed these charges for us. We never made one long distance call; only a few local calls and got charged out the behind. Nobody will tell you that local calls must be paid for so do yourself a favor and don't use the phone in your room because it will cost you an arm and a leg. 

EDIT* Just found out we got screwed on the bill. When I initially made the reservations, I was told the room would be $79 per night with no pet fee. They charged us $100 per night on top of $50 for the dogs. I am going to file a complaint with the BBB.

VERY dishonest resort. Save your money and go elsewhere; the hassle here isn't worth it. 

Very disappointed.
Let's see where do we begin. We were in Phx for a wedding there were about. 20 of us w/ several rooms. We arrived checked in @ 12:30 am after arriving from The airport. We went to our casita I'm a lovely little quiet alcove(this is the 1 star) our electronic key didn't work. After several try's we call for maintenance . He arrived and was also unable to open the door. He went got another key which also didn't work . He let us in then w/ his key & went to get another! @ 1am came back still didn't work . Then we discovered the toilet didn't flush ! Let th know I the morning & they said they had to snake it 3 times! All friends at the other end also had plumbing problems - toilet, no hot water. One arrived in his room w/ 2 TVs in boxes that they had to connect! Others phones weren't connected@ all!  But the crux was- get this ... RATS IN THE RAFTERS OF THE BRIDAL SUITE! the bride and groom had to leave early!!!!!   DONT STAY HERE! It's a has been! Most people golfing were on their 80s!
This place is very lacking, to say the least. Our large party for a baseball tournament arrived to find our rooms had no phones, clock radios, missing remotes, tv's not working, no coffee, etc. The process just to turn the tv on was amazing! The furniture was dirty and at least 30 years old. Parking is an issue, especially if you have a large vehicle or truck. Spaces are extremely small and hard to get in and out of. The front desk service was not very good. Ladies were rude and not helpful. The grounds staff were nice though. Overall, for the price, this place is a huge disappointment. I would not stay here again.
Worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  Can't even really call it a hotel as its more like a MOTEL.  We parked our car and the first thing we saw was a dumpster that looked like it hadn't been dumped in a month.  Beer boxes, cans, and bottles all over the place.  I stayed there last weekend during March Madness, but our TV didn't work for the first 2 days.  We finally had TV by day 3, but of course lost Air Conditioning.  They said they could fix it by 10 am on our last day.  We were leaving at 5am so no help.  I demanded we get a different room.  We finally got place in a new room with both TV AND A/C on the third day around 5pm.  Leaving the next day at 5 am.........yay! lol  When I spoke to the front desk about a discount she said management is authorizing one night for free.  So I am paying for a full 3 days, even though I only had a day and a half of everything they offer.  Its ridiculous.  When I went to give my credit card so she can split the pay between me and another person, i expressed my disappointment.  The lady said sorry sir, i can offer you unlimited drink coupons for the bar.  Are you kidding me?  I leave for airport at 5am and you think me getting drunk is gonna solve everything.  This place sucks!  Now I am back in Washington, and the person I was splitting the room with informed me that they charged her the full amount.  ZERO communication at this place, from check in ladies to management (who I never saw).  I swear the average IQ of the workers there was that of a 5 yr old.  Worst experience ever and I really hope my review helps people avoid this terrible place.
A bit outdated but the hotel staff took great care of us. The suite style rooms were reasonably priced and golf came with the room! Gave us free shuttle ride to the mall and paid for shuttle to the airport the next day. Some of the rooms are being remodeled and we would love to come back and stay in those!
Kokopelli's is the restaurant at the Gold Canyon Golf Resort.

There's just not a whole lot to choose from in terms of restaurants in the Apache Junction area.  My boyfriend and I were staying at the resort for a long weekend and we were pleasantly surprised with our meal at Kokopelli's.  So much so that we returned a second night.

In the summer there is live music several nights a week.  Both nights there was a large group of golfers and presumably their wives staying at the resort who weren't shy about dancing to the music under the stars.

There's a very friendly atmosphere happening on this patio.  We met lots of interesting people, mostly in a different place in their lives than we two twenty-somethings.  But it was really refreshing to be around so many friendly, talkative people.

And really, the food was delicious.  Will had a steak the first night we were there and he couldn't stop talking about how good both it and the brussel sprouts were (roasted).  I had a grilled chicken salad with strawberries, bleu cheese and a citrus vinagrette.  It was huge a delicious.  The next time we went back, I had fish over angel hair pasta and it too was delicious.

And the service was so friendly and attentive.

There's probably little to no reason that you would ever be "passing through" Apache Junction, AZ.  But if you do, and you need a place to grab a bite, hit Kokopelli's.
Had daughter and son-in-law to Gold Canyon and we chose Kokopellis for breakfast brunch. Great! A custom omelet with your own selection of ingredients that you hand pick and give to the chef... He does the rest! Bacon on the side that is at least 1/8" thick 12" long, done perfectly, fabulous pork link sausages, good country fries, great rolls... What more can you ask for breakfast? Service was excellent. Oh, and did I mention... All for $9.95 and that is all week! The price of a coffee shop breakfast surrounded by beautiful views of the golf course and the Superstition Mountains. Can't do any better!
Been going here for three years but they must have changed chefs recently.  Grandchildren ordered spagetti but they refused to eat it.  After I tasted it I knew why.  The sauce tasted like tomato paste with a little spice.  No meat as stated on menu.  I had alfredo - not much better, no garlic or wine, just bland cheese sauce on noodles. Chinese chicken salad - the meat was fine but there was no dressing on the lettuce. Their menu is limited and expensive for what you get. Salad is not included in the more expensive meals. Unfortunately this restaurant is the only one in town that has ambiance.  They could really make this place great if they took advantage of their location with a menu that competes with chain restaurants in Mesa.  Heard their breakfast is good though, should be for $10 on weekdays.
Came in at 12 noon. Not very busy but its a Thursday so I don't expect it to be too busy. Ordered the albacore tuna melt. The tuna melt is very heavy handed with relish but light on cheese and Mayo so that was a bit dissatisfying and the lemonade was chalky so I will not be giving more than an average rating.
i will give this place 3stars the 3rd star comes from the wait staff polite and fairly efficient this is a 12.95 buffet on Sunday, most of the hot dishes were Luke warm at best they had a omelet bar but it was never explained to us that apparently you were suppose to get all the ingredients that were located out by the hostess........?????? and we never saw the person who was supposedly cooking the omelets parking is also a little confusing. this is not a place i would personally venture back to
Kokopelli's is one of our favorite restaurants to spend a beautiful evening.  It was our anniversary last week and what better place to go ? 
We sat in the sun on the patio for drinks to start. It  overlooks the greenery of the golf course & the mountains. It was lovely weather, about 75 degrees and we watched as the sun set and shades of orange and pink filled the sky.

After that we moved inside the restaurant to have dinner, which turned out to be scrum.delicious and even better than it usually is.! 
My husband had the spareribs, which melted in his mouth and I had calamari & a wedge salad with blue cheese dressing & bacon. Both outstanding dishes as well as excellent service. 

We told the manager how much we had enjoyed the evening and the food.
 We made sure that he walked into the kitchen to tell the chef how great our meals
were.. "Kiss the cook"  is my motto !! Apparently the chef is new & only 25 years old ! Very impressive indeed.

We spoke to 2 other couples while we were eating .. a friendly place. 
One couple from Wisconsin in for a wedding and another couple celebrating their anniversary,  as we were, They also told us their food was extremely tasty.
We surely weren't golfers, but our family really enjoyed frequenting Kokopelli's Restaurant when we lived just down the road in Entrada Del Oro. Kokopelli's serves up a wide array of delectable dishes, along with great wine, spectacular views and a very polite and helpful staff.
If you like pasta...this is the place for you! The chef fresh makes the pasta to order everyday. Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked. It didn't come out as medium and it was Luke warm. The only thing that saved this meal was the pasta that my family had and shared with me. 
Oh and the white wine didn't come out chilled...so not great.
This is such a wonderful find! We spent the weekend at Gold Canyon Resort for our anniversary and the food was SO delicious. DO NOT MISS the green lip mussel appetizer ($3 off from 3-5pm). The sauce is wine and with just a hint of lemon and butter, and the bread is grilled and perfect for dipping. We also had the Wild Game of the Night, which was an Elk Tenderloin (ask for the gnocchi side), and the salmon over their daily homemade pasta.
It's not inexpensive, but there aren't very many options in Gold Canyon.  The staff was courteous and helpful and the atmosphere (on the patio, anyway) was really nice.  
I ate two meals here during my week-long stay in the area and I enjoyed both very much.  There wasn't much of a crowd either time, although I don't know that I was there during peak season.  
If you feel like you need to "see and be seen," you might want to drive into Scottsdale or something.  But if you're staying in Gold Canyon, and not strapped for cash, it's one of the "finer" options in the area.
We tried the kobe beef burger with delicious fries, a great fruity cocktail, and interesting venison wild game special, which was interesting but will not be ordered again. The service had pretty much no clue what they were doing. Our server was slow, inattentive, and did not mention the specials and when asked, said she forgot and would have to ask if we wanted to know. We were also one of the only tables on the patio (which was beautiful). In the end we had a nice time albiet with inattentive staff and high prices and enjoyed our view, cocktail, and fries!
We ate Sunday breakfast after church.
Buffet with a good variety. Omelets, fried eggs, and all the rest for a good buffet.
Serving area was a little awkward and tight. Table serve was real slow, and they were busy. 
We would return, maybe at a less busy day.
It was somewhat clean and somewhat spacious, but this place was undergoing renovation when we showed up, and it was apparent why.

Is it the Hotel Casa Grande or the Holiday Inn? They don't know. It's going from one to the other or vice versa, with duct tape over some Holiday Inn markers, and others being erected.

Reasonable rates, though. They also have a pool and hot tub.
Decent for a Holiday Inn. Apparently they remodeled in 2007 and the grounds were very nice, the rooms extremely clean, the staff friendly and more than helpful. Only stayed 1 night here, but the rates are reasonable and the location is good.

They offer complimentary wireless internet which worked great. The speed was fine and connecting was very easy.
Let me start this review off by stating that I only review places I either really love and feel deserve positive praises or places that completely suck and I would not refer my enemies to. With that idea in mind this review is going to be a rant, not a rave- so be forewarned. 

If you want the skinny without reading the whole review through here it is: Nice accommodation, less than accommodating hotel staff, decent rooms but with horrible sleeping conditions and bad, bad customer service. All in all I will never, ever, ever be getting back together with this Holiday Inn. If you want the details, press on!

So, I visited this Holiday Inn a few weeks ago for a convention that was being held in Casa Grande (3 day/2 night stay). I didn't choose this hotel, the organization I was with set it up; I've stayed at Holiday Inn's around the country and never had a bad experience before so I was not expecting the train wreck I got (foreshadowing). 

At check in everything was great. The lobby was spotless (they were remodeling the floors out front), the outdoor pool area was well stocked and the room appeared clean (I was even impressed that their toiletries were supplied by Bath & Body Works). The issues didn't really arise until that night. When I got settled in for the night and went to lay down I closed my eyes and was unpleasantly woken from a drowsy slumber by a roaring passing train in the night. What no one had mentioned is that there is a train track about 1000ft from the hotel and that trains frequently pass through the night (and by frequently I mean like once every hour or two). The hotel supplies you with ear plugs, for this reason I'm guessing, but a piece of foam in your ears isn't going to stop the polar express from running in the night. I talked to the hotel about it and they were willing to move me to a different room, but lets be honest- an extra 500ft of space away isn't going to make a difference.

The next morning I left to go about my day and when I got  back there was a pre-typed note left on the unmade bed stating that there were too many personal items left on the bed to make it. I look up from my note and see a pair of pants, my daughter's Barbie doll and a hairbrush on the bed. Freaking seriously? I get that touching someone else's DNA is scary but I'd hardly call 3 items a massive inconvenience to move. Puhlease! I've heard better excuses than that from my 6 year old trying to weasel out of making the bed! That was completely obnoxious. 

The real coup de grâce was on check out. I received an itemized bill and there's this $17 charge for an in-room movie I'd ordered the morning before. Umm, wait, what? I had been out the whole morning! Plus, why would I spend $17 to rent 'Here Comes the Boom' when I could get it at the Redbox for $2? Maybe the cleaning staff ordered the movie? They sure didn't do much else while they were in the room. I definitely disputed this, let the front desk know that I wasn't even IN the room to order the movie and I actually got argument from the staff about it! They said they'd drop the charge but that it goes through a third party service. By then I was tired and frustrated and I just wanted to get the f out of dodge. Well, I didn't get charged for it then but a few days later I ended up getting billed for it anyway- I called their corporate office and it's still being disputed.

So my experience? Not so good. I seriously wanted to lay the boom down on these guys! Next time I will definitely be more aware of my surroundings before I decide on a hotel and I will likely be staying at least 1000ft away from Holiday Inn's period.
great place to stay, we had our wedding here, met our expections perfect. the catering was great, hector and his crew were great.nice staff and ideal place to hold a event or function.
I've stayed here a few times. Rooms here are hit or miss. A few have leaky/noisey plumbing, the internet speed varies greatly from room to room, and if you use a microwave they need to be unplugged to keep them from beeping all night. I never even noticed the train, to be honest, so I can't confirm it's apparent overbearing noise. 

I personally don't like their breakfast buffet. The food is good, but I prefer a breakfast that I can get quickly and just go to work. Their buffet is more like a sit down restaurant.

I've stayed in almost every hotel in Casa Grande and I have to say that there are better options than the Holiday Inn for cheaper. If you like the brand and can afford it, go to the Holiday Inn Express instead.

Pros: Friendly staff, clean rooms, nice grounds.

Cons: slow internet, faulty appliances.
Liked the place a lot. Nice room ( suite ), 140 bucks, clean, everything worked, Internet a bit slow, but that's to be expected. Heated pool, great landscaping, friendly staff. Stayed two days over Thanksgiving. First floor room with patio. Had thanksgiving buffet in their ballroom. Less than 65 bucks for three of us. Turkey, ham, carving station roast beef, everything you could want. Very good.

Would have given 5 stars except that status is reserved, by me, for the truly extraordinary, which this place does not quite rise to.

Swam in the pool...great.

Enjoyed the stay.
The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly. The complimentary breakfast was a nice surprise with an array of choices; scrambled eggs, bacon, muffins, fresh fruit, danish's, pancakes and French toast, yogurt, homemade oatmeal, and cereal. I was very pleased with breakfast. I am satisfied with booking this hotel and my stay. The rooms were a bit musty though and you can here the trains going by every now and again.I did feel safe and they have security that walks the grounds at night. I would stay there again if driving through. Remember,  there's not a whole lot of choices in that area to choose from. I feel I made the best choice possible for that area and price reasonability.
I've stayed here at least 5 times for business. The hotel is decent but make sure you ask for a room away from the railroad. Otherwise you'll be up all night with freight trains honking horns. Also the restaurant isn't good.
The staff gets a 5 out of 5 stars!  Rooms pleasant & clean.  Appreciated the fridge & micro in room. Pool area beautiful & temp comfortable for 70 deg weather.

Didn't like: Pool "mostly" shaded by buildings, gym onsite sucked as most machines busted, housekeepers way too loud 1st thing in morning in halls, Wifi poor, no gift shop to purchase toiletries, coffee was gross.  

They did offer free passes to LA Fitness, but it was a few miles away (inconvenient).

If wanting just a clean room it's ok.  We stayed 4 days during vacation so it was disappointing.   Won't return.
Probably worst place I have ever stayed in.  Our bathroom light was out the entire time we had our room.  The front desk staff was rude and snappy. Overheard them speaking badly of other guests. The waitress at breakfast had her new born and husband in the booth next to us.  She ignored us, while she was cradling her baby in her arms.  We never got refills. The other few times, the waitress never came up to our table.  I wondered if anyone actually worked there.  We had flown in from Chicago.  That area seemed like a ghost town.  On Sundays ALL the shops are closed!  While trying to use the pool, it took housekeeping an hour to bring over pool towels.  The three times we went to pool.  The bar was always empty and when we did visit it, the bartender was an hour late.  If it hadn't been because of a wedding party, I probably would have looked elsewhere.  There are NO attractions close by, especially on foot.  If you are from Midwest buy bottled water!  

If you are just looking for an extremely soft bed where you would sink in.  Feel free to stay here.
Checked in while on a business trip and checked out the next day to move to another hotel. Top three complaints, 1) room smelt like mold. 2) the dryer doesn't dry clothes. 3)  sprinklers spray into the parking lot and leaves water spots all over my car. The list if issues here are long and it's not worth it. Just pay the few extra $$ and stay at the holiday inn express down the road.
This place is the Oyster Bar inside Sunset Station. Alot of parking outside and inside garage.
Service was fast and got great service from Julian at the bar. Anthony is them man. 
Sit at the bar just say how you want it and magic happens. Food was great on this visit and portions were right on. 
Plus cocktails right there no wait.
Reasonable prices and great portions of food with great quality and taste.
Have fun and enjoy.
Craving for seafood.  I know of other station casino having decent oyster bars but never tried this one at Sunset Casino.  

Over food was good and oyster were fresh.  Prices was about the same as other oyster bars at station casinos.  Service was excellent.

Recommend it if you love seafood!
We came here on a Saturday evening and order a dozen oyster ($17) and seafood jumbalaya  ($20) for $46

- In Sunset station. In proximity to the Feast buffet. Oyster Bar!
- We came for the oysters. People brag how good it is, especially at Palace Station, so we had to try it ourselves.
- We got seated asap. Didn't have to deal with the long wait at Palace Station. 
- Free bread and butter. Also these flavored salt chips! Terrific! 
- Oysters were excellent! Soft, chewy, smooth. Far from that fishy, oceanic taste. Apparently, the oysters that I have eaten in the past have not been good. I would taste sand or something crunchy with each bite, but not here. No need to slurp the oyster. Savor the flavor, chew and it marinate! Nom! Plus, the shells were surprisingly pretty. haha, a weird observation...
- The seafood jumbalaya was great! Nice blend of spices! Wish there were more clams rather than 4-5 that I have to savor till the end. Good recommendation 
- Service was fast! Ready for refills. Always asking if we were accommodated. 
- We sat next to a speaker, so music can be a bit loud for those that have sensitive ears. WHAT!? But, it's Saturday! Weekend party! XD
- Too fulfilling for a dinner of 2. But nonetheless, we finished it all! Coma...
- Can't wait to come back and try more of what they have to offer! Perfect local destination.
I am so pleased to say that for the first time ever in Vegas I received awesome service w good food!! I will be coming back!! Thank You.
THERE'S NOTHING NOT TO LIKE

Grab yourself a table or seat at the counter and watch your meal be prepared in front of your eyeballs. One small Caesar Salad with sweet tart dressing, bowl of chicken gumbo and lobster-shrimp etouffee and I'm transporting myself back to N'awlins. Chicken was ordered mild and Yu-go chauffeur's etouffee at medium spicy hot.

Ideal for the healthy appetite wanting for spicy enticing Cajun style home cooking. We saved more than half of our two meals for repeat performance at home..
My favorite dish and the one thing I always get is the cippiono. Hence my review is based this dish. It is the best in town including the price. I've seen some charge as much as $31 for this dish at other oyster bars. I've had it here several times and it is good everytime!  So yummy!
I always love going to the oyster bar (Costa Del Sol) at Sunset Station. For a casino restaurant, it is incredible. The oysters (probably my favorite food on planet earth) are really great and always larger and fresher than expected. The boils are out of this world, and the gumbo is super extra yummy. And their crowning achievement in my mind? The AMAZING bananas foster. This is without a doubt the largest bananas foster I have ever seen, it is more than my  husband and I can finish. Mmmmm I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
Wonderful experience.  Awesome rooms and friendly staff.

Will elaborate more later.
I must say - business travel has spoiled me rotten. I came to Wild Horse Resort for a conference and I can't wait to go there for myself. 

Let me step back - I don't like Phoenix. I don't like Arizona - I'm sorry! it's nothing personal, it's just too hot and sandy. 

BUT this Sheraton is by far one of the most amazing resorts/hotels I've been to. I can't overestimate the staff and the accomodations. The whole place is a 3-story terracota where every room has a little balcony - I loved it! It's not in the city, so you get a magnificent view too. The staff was just applaudable. 

At night, they have a bonfire going on the patio outside and guests just hang around, sipping wine or coffee or whatever.  

Please take the time to check out their spa. It was the most luxurious experience, the whole spectrum, from the body wrap to the soap in their showers. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 

The restaurants were a little pricey and too fancy for my taste. I don't blame them though, I'm a simple girl - I just went to the pool side cafe and had a perfect pulled pork sandwich with pineapple chutney and avocado salad... Did i mention they were also showing football on TV?
I love a good hotel.  I stay in about 20 a year, and this is in my top five.  First, let me say I would only stay here with my kids as the rooms are only OK.  It's a Sheraton branded property, which is part of the Starwood program (always stick with your loyalty program).  But there is the slide.. Sorry not yet.

The architecture is that Santa Fe look with cactus and a  casino nearby (the hotel is on a reservation).  It is a maze of rooms and you could be walking really far to your room.  and there is the slide... oh not yet.

Finally, there is the resort charge.  Generally I don't stay in hotels with a resort charge as I'm on business and don't get to use the facilities.  On this trip I was with the family and we spent a bunch of time in the pool.  I think my kids will always like phoenix because of the pools.  They are amazing.  Which brings me to the slide (a water slide to be exact).  About 20 feet high, a tight corkscrew that is faster than I care to go (although I rode it about 20 times over an afternoon). 

The best part is your going down it with a million kids.  It's like a conga line of death at (what seems like) 50 miles an hour.  It is great.  Go off season as I would feel like a chump paying full rack to go here.  Bring the kids.  Have fun.
I gotta give this place 5 stars because well... this is MY rez! :D

The Sheraton Wild Horse Pass is located on the Gila River Indian Community which is home to me! Cher T.! :D I really do like this place. I've been there maaaaany times performing or just looking about. I like the traditional art work on display outside the ball rooms as well as all the photography and paintings in the hallways.  On the celing of the two story lobby, is a mural of our creation story and ways of life. I hope you like it.

I have never eaten at any of WHP's resturants, but let me tell you... Kai is CRAZY expensive!! I've heard of ppl paying nearly $100 a head! that's insane to me! But hey, if you have the money honey... Kai totally has the time! Also another note in Kai, their food is a nice homage to traditional O'odham food, but it's not all the way there... there's tthings on that menu that some O'odham won't eat. Like Buffalo. But I'm told its a great fancy-shmancy place to go when u want to get laid... or save ur marriage as one councilmen joked.

I have no idea what non-community members pay for rooms there, but the rate has prolly went up since it hosted the NY Giants during this past super bowl. But either way... if you've got the dougn to spend on a nice place, this is it and I'm told the water slide kicks ASS!! Or if you're at the casino and am waaay tired of fighting old ppl for the last piece of fried chicken at the casino buffet and just want something nice and quiet and you just hit it big at the blackjack table... then take the soonest boat and treat yourself to a meal at the resort!
This hotel is a great place to spend your afternoons laying out by the pool sipping margaritas! After the poolside expirence you are able to head over to the casino in a boat. The rooms are great and the food is amazing!
Wow, this place is breathtaking.  From the waterfall on the inside to the great view on the outside, I felt as though everything was well kept.  Parking was easy and plentiful.  While I didn't eat at any of the restaurants, the food look very appetizing and I would like to dine at one during my next visit.  The shops were fun, too.
This resort is absolutely amazing. I am an event planner for HP and I came here for a small event (about 15 people) and I never once felt like I was doing work. From the moment you enter the property you feel like you been whisked away do a little piece of heaven.

I had the opportunity to spend some time (8 hours) at the Aji Spa. EVERYONE should go there. I had everything done from a facial, to a hot stone massage, to a pedicure. The most tremedous spa experience I've ever had. If you have the opportunity to go to this spa - ask for Mike. He's like the jolly green giant with hands of an angel!!!!

Second, the pool...where do I begin. The scenery by the pool is outstanding. With the mountains in the background, the golf course in the foreground and a little tiki-hut type bar to serve you all day long, you can't go wrong here. There are multiple types of pools, hot tub, water slide, misting tents, and anything else you could want for a perfect day in the sun.

The FOOD!!! I'm a food junkie so I have pretty high standards. This place surpassed my expectations and blew me away. From the food we had catered for our event to the 7 course meal we had at Kai, my tastebuds was absolutely in heaven! After dining at Kai, I returned to my room to find a hand-written thank you note from my server with a little box of chocolates. Talk about impressive! That's a way to win a girl's heart and her business. Also, their wine list (approx. 600 wines) has everything you could ever ask for.

I have nothing but perfect things to say about this resort. The staff is amazing - I feel like every single person called me by name. The cultural manager came and spoke to our group about the history of the Pima and Maricopa tribes. What a fantastic story!! That made the stay that much more enjoyable...

I could ramble on for pages about this place, but if you want to know more just send me a message. I would be happy to rave some more!
Awful front desk staff, actually we were dealing with the front desk manager.  She was totally incompetant and not willing to help, very arrogant and stuck up. 

We asked for a room upgrade and got a cold shoulder, I guess they don't like giving room upgrades in this hotel.  As Sammy S said in his review they kicked him out!!!!  

I don't think I'll be going back to this hotel considering all the other choices I have.
I never went to the resort, I went to the spa and it was EVERYTHING I though a resort spa could be. When you walk in, you're walking into a hotel, but the second you walk into the spa waiting room, the WHOLE atmosphere changes. You're suddenly on cloud 9! They have the whole steam room and many jaquzzi's, a beautiful pool looking out onto the rez, and almost pool side service, a waitor came up to myself and my party and had gently asked us if we needed anything. 
He didn't dissapear either when we said no, i mean he was easy to find later. GREAT FACIAL, GREAT MASSAGE

Worth every penny!
100% prettiest, fanciest place i've ever seen in my life.  absolutely breathtaking.  from the lobby with rock features and waterfall, to the lit up painted ceiling, to the enormous pools that overlook golf courses and lakes as well as wide 360 views of the surrounding mountains, etc... just... wow.  even the stairs have little decorations as big as my head.  a random pot of flowers sitting in a corner was twice as tall as me.  i felt like a little ant.
This place is beautiful and it has everything you need. I love to play the golf courses. Tough golf courses. Play them from the tips and you will know what professionals have every weekend. The pool is such a relaxing place to chill and have a margarita. And then there's Kai. I heard it's one of only 14 restaurants in the country that are both 5 Star and  Diamond.
This place was really pretty and I enjoyed most of my stay here.  Where it lost a star was the air conditioning in the rooms was really annoying.  Phoenix is hot and you really need good AC in a hotel that is in the middle of the desert.  At night, no matter how cold me set it, it kept shutting off and then turning back on 3 min later. But, the on/off kept waking us up. IN addition, it would get really warm and uncomfortable.  So, we had a terrible night sleep.
As for the pluses:
-the views were gorgeous
-the staff was friendly
-they had a neat plan where if you opted out of housekeeping for a day they'd give you a $5 credit at the bar.  
-there were a lot of amenities.  Unfortunately, we didn't get to take advantage of too many of them.
My husband and I stayed here for two nights to celebrate our anniversary.  When we got to our room there was a half bottle of champagne and a plate of chocolate dipped strawberries waiting for us.  Great touch- only problem was the strawberries were rotten.

I loved the bathroom- it was spacious and had a nice deep tub and seperate glass shower.  It had a magnifying mirror and scale, heavy/quality doors and knobs.  Very lush.

We had a problem with the tv in our room.  It wasn't working properly and we would spend 5 minutes just trying to change the channel.  Someone was sent to our room to give us a new remote but it didn't help. 

Our room was on the top floor (4th) and we had a great view of the stars at night.  Only problem was there was only one chair on our balcony so we had to call housekeeping to bring another one.

We spent all day Saturday laying out at the beautiful pool with live music.  Once we figured out that there are flags on the back of the chair and you put them up to get a waiters attention we had great service.  We drank delicous banana daquiris and root beer floats.  My husband ate chicken wings and I had a veggie burger (so so so yummy!) for lunch.  Later on I ordered a fruit salad that was rotten.  I guess they just don't have high quality fruit between the choc dip strawberries and the fruit salad?!

The first night we had dinner at Kai- FANTASTIC.  I will do a seperate review for it.

The second night we ate at Kosin.  I was very disappointed.  When we arrived for dinner on a Saturday night we were asked if we had reservations.  We did not.  We could not be seated unless we ate outside by the pool  We were fine with that- it actually was a lovely place to eat as it was very cool for a summer night in AZ.  When walked out there you could see that 2/3 of the restaurant was empty.  I thought it weird they didn't have enough staff to serve dinner to the people staying at the hotel since it was the only other dinner option for guests that didn't have reservations at Kai.  The food was expensive for the hotels casual restaurant.  I ordered a pasta that I was told was vegetarian.  It was actually made with chicken stock and hurt my stomach almost instantly.  I was unable to eat it.  The waiter took it back to the kitchen and still charged us for it!!!  Unbelievable!!!
This place has everything on the grounds: 6 swimming pools, a water slide, ponds, the Gila River, a boat taxi, spa, casino, equestrian center, golf courses, a gift shop, a deli/coffee shop, a lobby bar, and 4 restaurants. All the rooms each have a balcony with table and chairs. The rooms are equipped with 52" flat screen TVs. The bathrooms each have a tub and standup shower. Even though it was my first time in the Phoenix area, I didn't want to leave the resort. And even though we did spend 2/3 of our time on the resort (we were in town for a total of 4 days), we didn't get enough time to enjoy all the facilities. For $95/night (thanks, Expedia!), this was worth every penny! The spa is way overpriced, but the price of food was fair, especially at Hanyo Pool Bar & Grill.
WOW. I was here for a wedding this past Saturday night and and let me tell you it was very nice. The wedding ceremony was small and was held outside in a cute area that was quite hard to find but the staff were very helpful and friendly for someone that was very lost. 

After the ceremony, we walked over to our private area for the cocktail hour before the dinner. Again another nice area and it was the perfect size for this very small and very cozy wedding. The dinner was buffet style and was very good. My favorite dish were these steak medallions with risotto. I actually went back for a little more because it was so good. YUM! Needless to say I had a great time at the wedding and the Sheraton Wild Horse really did a great job making my friends day extra special!
This is a wonderful resort managed by Sheraton hotels and owned by the local First Nations tribes (I'm glad they stole that phrase from the Canadians, just like apparently some early 20th century visitors stole their water).  But there's plenty of water now, in the form of swimming pools (I counted 3, where'd y'all come up with 6?) as well as the little canal which a boat pilot can take you to the nearby casino.  Permission to board, Captain?  

The resort was quiet, calm, just very relaxing.  I love reading the New York Times by a pool with the AZ sun beating down on me.  It's easy to get to from I-10.  (Once again, don't rely on google map stuff, just keep on going straight from exit 162 across 48th and you'll eventually run right into it.)
I came home and there was an extra $13.97(U.S.) charge on my credit card from this joint.  Is this a racket?  Did I not prepay some kind of Occupancy Tax for the Rez?  

My charges upon checking out were:
NY Times, Arizona Republic, bockkle of orange juice = $5.25 x 2 

(I woulda drunk up a storm at the nifty pool-side bar, but it's Arizona and I gotta drive places, baby.)

Well I talked to Kristie in accounting (who must have a cool job, if you're going to be an accountant why not at a resort?) it was some kind of computerized mini-bar malfunction, she tells me, and zip--it's off the bill.  

I appreciate this kind of service.
For Mother's Day weekend, my parents got a room here - a nice little "stay-cation".  While I didn't have a room, I did spend the whole day here with the family.

The staff here seems to be excellent, friendly and professional.  The pool area is awesome, lots of space, and plenty of lounge chairs to relax on.  Afternoon is shy on shade, a common problem in Arizona, but reason enough to abandon the pool for the inside.

The lobby is fantastic, huge windows with amazing views, a waterfall and a coffee shop and bar in caves.

The rooms are nicely appointed, and comfortable, with patios or balconies.  The whole Sheraton is non smoking, so all the rooms smell nice.  The bathroom had both a large tub and a huge walk in shower.  Sound didn't seem to carry into the rooms from the neighbors or the hallway.

And like all Sheratons, you have got to try the mandarin lotion!  

They have a river that not only helps keep the are cooler in the summer, and boats that will take you to the golf course or Rawhide - little water taxis and great guides.
 
They have done a great job bringing the Gila River Indian Community history and tradition into a modern hotel, without being hokey. I'll be recommending the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort to anyone looking for a place to stay here in the Valley!
The hubby's employer held an event here. We didn't stay overnight so can't comment on the rooms, but as we were driving the 1.5 miles from the main entrance to the convention center lobby, I found myself thinking I would love to come back and explore the grounds.  It's absolutely beautiful, secluded and private. While we were waiting in line to check in, they served us h'or d'oeuvres. Thought that was pretty neat.

I had two margaritas, and unfortunately the beers were stronger. Tasted like fruity lemonade. Disappointing- was it because I had a drink ticket? Dinner was a buffet, with chicken and steak as the main dishes, and it was also so-so. I should have filled up on their salad (with peppercorn ranch dressing) and bread because those were the best items. I hope it's not what they serve in their restaurant, because it definitely wouldn't be worth the price. The service was the best part, and it was pretty top-notch. 

I would like to stay here someday, would be a nice get-away. I'm sure things are better if you are an actual guest of the resort versus part of some corporate party.
Oh how sweet this place is! Serene and engaging. It it beautifully designed and restful with the many water appointments and private areas to just relax and feel peaceful. You buy much more than a room here. You buy a peaceful experience. I long to stay here again.
Stephen G. hit the nail on the head - "You buy a peaceful experience". I was looking for a resort/spa but also wanted to take advantage of horseback riding as much as I could. This resort definitely exceeded my expectations - the staff is AMAZING (friendly, accommodating, etc), the food was delicious, the resort is beautiful and the rooms were also clean and well-maintained. Everyone I encountered went the extra mile with regard to service. I came back to NYC completely rejuvenated.
I came here on a business trip I was less than impressed. They claim to be the #1 Sheraton in the nation for hospitality and quality service's....haha! Upon checking in they decided to hold my debit card for $200 a night in case of incidentals. Now if you have a credit card, they won't change you anything...rediculous! When I explained that I was on a business trip and that there would be no incidentals, the GQ guy behind the counter said "it's policy and if you don't like it, then you don't have to stay". I asked to speak to a manager and he told me no one was available...yeah right!! I think he was just on a power trip. 

The room was nice nonetheless, but it smelled like smoke...grose! Especially for someone who has never smoked. But they made it a point to tell me it was a nonsmoking room while checking in and with the signs/cards all over the room. 

Also, don't bring your gym cloths unless you want to take a hike to the facility (seriously) and then pay $20/day when you get there. Something they don't tell you on their website. 

The pool is really cool, especially for kids with the twisty slide. They also have a fire pit to roast marshmallows. The best part of the whole trip was the boat ride to the Rawhide Ranch. The Ranch was ehh, but the boat driver was a riot with his awesome serenading voice. He is the reason for the additional star and that is it! 

I'm sure glad that I wasn't footing the bill otherwise I would have been super disappointed.
Gorgeous grounds, impeccable service, top-notch food -- so why only four stars? I stayed here three nights for a work conference. 

Akin to a Vegas casino hotel, my room was a good 15 minute walk to the conference area, and due to poor design, I had to walk to an elevator, go up two floors, walk another 100 yards through the hotel lobby, then head back down the two floors via elevator or stairs.  It was more than slightly ridiculous.  

I'd have thought that my Starwood Preferred Guest Gold status would earn me a better room; alas, I was stuck across from the ice machine and precisely where housekeeping (all of whom were incredibly nice and professional) would leave their cart. And it's where people decided to leave their used room service trays, for some unknown reason. 

The internet was painfully slow, even using the cable. 

If you go here for a conference, ask to be on the same side as the conference center, or at least ask to be on the 3rd floor if you're on the other side, or at least remotely closer to the elevator. 

On the plus side, I can't say enough about how friendly each staff member is at this place.  It's well insulated, so you're not able to hear those in neighboring rooms, which is a definite plus, too.
This review is specific review for "Reflections" bar at the Wild Horse Pass. Tammy, the bartender makes an excellent Cadillac Margarita.
Very nice place... stayed two nights for my wife's work function... Beautiful grounds, nice Native American Indian motive throughout...

As a previous review noted, the grounds are spread out over a wide area...  but we were not dismayed as it allowed us an opportunity to walk off some of the GREAT food this place serves...

Would have given 5 stars if their 5 star restaurant was open... but as we were there Sunday and Monday nights, which are the same nights that Kai is closed, I was EXTREMELY disappointed I did not get to try their menu, along with the extensive wine list!

My wife enjoyed her Aji spa treatment provided by her company (facial) and said it's the best she's had, and she's had her fair share over the years...

Didn't need them, but I would have been bummed had I needed either WiFi or the Gym, as they charge for both...
Stayed three nights for an on site conference.  Service is what you would expect.  Room is slightly less than what you would expect.  Food is fine.

Here is what I did not expect: as an SPG gold level member to be put in one of the rooms farthest from everything with a view of the parking lot.  To be charged almost $300/night AND THEN an additional $13/day for wired, yes wired, internet access in my room.  Insult to injury $8 for a beer.  And the "authentic" Native American decor - cheesy.  Almost to the point of insulting.  Burning sage in the lobby?  Really?

In summary, I felt they took advantage of a group bringing them several hundred customers for four days.

Fail.
This is an inexpensive resort and you truly get what you paid for. 

The grounds are nice, the rooms are so-so. I paid $179 during high season and figured there's a reason in cheaper than the Courtyard, though it's considered a "Resort".

On the positive side the grounds are nice and the parking was free.
Very disappointed. The grounds were nice, the food was good, and the service was hospitable and friendly. However, $13/day for wired Internet in the room, and $20/day to use the fitness center? And even worse, the rooms will never, ever get colder than 68F, even if you set the thermostat to 60F. Yes, I called to complain that my room was warm, even when the thermo was set to it's coldest setting of 60F. They sent a tech who adjusted the vents and then said that they have green-friendly thermostats that are pre-programmed to not let the room get colder than 68F, and that they get frequent complaints, even from staff. What did they do about it? Nothing except to offer to bring me a small fan and offer apologies. If you like a cool room to sleep in, this is not the place. 
And the walk to some of the rooms is long, which isn't an issue if you have time on your hands (which I didn't - I was here for a conference). There are much better values around the US, I would skip this place altogether.
This is the fourth time I have stayed at this resort. The staff is always friendly and helpful. Every mother's day weekend my bf and I go there for a private event help by City of Hope to raise money for breast cancer awareness. The staff always is there helping us with whatever we need. The rooms are always clean and beautiful. I love the pool, since you have a few to choose from. There is a pool with a slide, water spouts and one that is a gradual. The drinks are pretty good too such as the prickly pair mojito. I suggest getting an order of fries and onion rings because it was a huge order for 8.50 and the onion didn't just come out with one bite leaving you with all the batter. I cannot wait to volunteer again and help at next year's event.
We stayed five nights.  The room was wonderful, the bed was the most comfortable we've ever slept in, staff was friendly and attentive.  Great pool and poolside bar and restaurant.  Only downside was it was Father's Day weekend and the pool was filled with toddlers.  Very unappealing; but they all went home Monday and the rest of the week was great.  Highly recommend.
As a "staycation" July 3rd, one night, me and my partner. Another set of friends also stayed that weekend. 

Service: impeccable with one glitch, not worth mentioning. From smooth check in to the nice guy who rounded up an umbrella for us at the pool, service was at Ritz Carlton level, unpretentious yet solicitous. 

Food: room service quality was good, but unimaginative and somewhat pricey for what you get. They were quite quick with it however. Poolside grill was somewhat better but nothing spectacular. If I was a real tourist, I'd hit downtown Tempe or elsewhere for some real Southwestern food. 

Room: nice, small-ish but not cramped. Bed was comfy, view was of the desert but wasn't offensive. Balcony was a nice touch.

Overall decor: while I agree with the poster who says the decor is a bit cheesy, after living in AZ for 40 years, I'd say it is the Indian motif done better than some. If I had never been exposed to this motif before, I suppose I may be somewhat impressed. 

Pool: very nice, lots of lounge chairs, lots of pool edge to be near. Also pretty easy to escape the kids at one of the deeper pools by the golf course. Very nice having the golf course and AZ skyline view from the water. 

Negative: did somewhat feel "nickel and dimed" as a previous poster indicated. Who charges for parking in Arizona? Didn't use Internet but would have been miffed at a charge. Oh, and $8 for a Bud Light is a bit much. I pay that for Corona at the Del Coronado Hotel. 

Positive: valet has a fridge and will give you bottles of cold water. Excellent touch. 

Summary: flawless service and exquisite setting can make up for cheesy decor and so-so food.
What can I say...I was here for 5 nights on a business trip and fell in love the first time. I returned again and was not disappointed. Awesome Gym and very clean and large rooms, great food as well. Great gambling too.

Well worth $400 per night. They also have rooms for lower price as well. give them a try. You won't be disappointed
One of the dullest hotels I've stayed in.  Food was subpar.  Sheets smelled of mildew and A/C was not properly working.  When I woke up, I swear I thought I was in a cheap motel and not a Sheraton.  Wifi only in the lobby area.  There is free wired internet in the rooms.
I stayed here for a business meeting and I loved every minute of it!  I actually booked an extra two nights so that I could do some sightseeing and relaxing.  The resort is on an Indian Reservation outside of Chandler.  If you are flying into Phoenix, it is about 20-25 minutes from the airport.  For those gambling inclined, there is also a Wild Horse Casino (and hotel) that is down the road.  The hotel was gorgeous, decorated in a southwest motiff.  The gym was large and had updated equipment and machines.  There were several pools and a waterslide (which I tried of course) that overlook the mountains.  Also, I went horseback riding early one morning with a guide, it is offered through the resort, it was decently priced and worth it.  There are a few trails in the surrounding desert with historical points of interest.  While I was there one evening at dusk, a dust storm blew through - it was actually really cool and only lasted a short time.  

Scottsdale is a short driving distance away.  There are some nice local shops and eateries in that area to explore.  Would highly recommend this resort.
The Sheraton is located in the Gila River native american territory.
It is a beautiful hotel with a breathtaking native american artwork theme.
The colors of the building and the landscape make the hotel blends perfectly with the desert and mountains.

They are three large pools, three hot tubs, and a slide. The pools are resort style and shallow. Do not expect to do laps. Sunbathing and relaxing by the pool is perfect.

The ceiling in the lobby has beautiful native american artwork. The hotel has a relax feel.

The hotel provides great options to eat. From the bar by the pool that serves bar food to Kai that serves high end native american gourmet cuisine. Ko'sin is less expensive but serves great good and drinks. See my review.

The rooms are large wih a bath tub and a shower. Both sides the view is great. If you want to go to the spa ask for a room in the Puma wing. The aji spa is $20 for hotel guest. 
The gym is inside the spa.
For runner a 2.5-mile trail ( round trip) brings you along the Gila river. Go in the morning to avoid the heat. Continuing on the trail will lead you to the Casino!
Parking is free.
No wifi in the hotel! It was a surprise.
The staff has the front desk and in the restaurants was attentive and friendly.
This is a great hotel. We stayed a week in August. Hot , but great deal on the room and had the pools virtually to ourselves. Service is professional and friendly. My daughters and I had a riot on the pool slide. I have traveled around quite a bit and this is definately in the top 10 of places I have stayed. Great location, can get to anywhere in Phoenix, East Valley, region. Great views of the Estrella's and South Mountain. Did not golf , but course looked great.
Let's get one thing aired out first: I was here on business. I would not normally be able to afford such a nice place (much less without the generous discount given to conference attendants like myself). That said, if you can afford it, I highly recommend.

The hotel is amazing. The grounds are gorgeously serene, the rooms are clean and comfortable, and the staff are impressively helpful without feeling pushy.

Some of the nitty-gritty: 
* It costs to use the gym, either on a daily pass or you can pay one sum for your full stay. 
* There is only wired internet in the rooms, which also requires payment. If you still need internet access, there's free wifi in the lobby areas, or computers at no cost to guests.
* Water supplied to the hotel comes from the nearby Gila River Indian Community state of the art water treatment plant, and it tastes FANTASTIC. Don't you dare buy bottled water while you're here. Fill up from the tap!
The best part of staying at this hotel was leaving it. I stayed here 8 interminable nights during a client conference. Each day was greeted by new (and bizarre) service defects. The restaurant opens (but mostly closes) at the convenience of staff. A vacuum never once touched the carpet in my room. Service trays rotted on corridor floors for days. Oh, and if your cell phone breaks and you need to briefly check your voice mail from your room (the property is in the middle of nowhere), they charge you $20 for a 30 second call. (update: to their credit, they did credit me for the calls)
I could go on but I have to see my therapist in an effort to recover from my Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort. There are lots of great resorts in the Phoenix but this one isn't even in the running and should be avoided at all costs.
I give this place three stars...

Don't get me wrong... it's a beautiful place.  Awesome Native American atmosphere... well appointed decore.. nice staff.  It's cray-cray far from anywhere you want to be... but I guess that was expected if you want to 'really' get a way from civilization.

My room was literally south Tucson.  The furthest from the conference center... with no to little wifi.. which sucks.

My room was clean... nice.. bed and pillows were comfy... but.. I could hear the guests next to me talking.. their music.. and midnight groaning....slapping and all sorts of funny animals noises.. not what I would call comforting.

Would I stay again... maybe.
Second time here, first was a magical stay, this time NOT so much! Checked in and checked our room out, BATCAVE. I DON'T think so. Next room, will have to do! For $200 to $300 a night I expect a lot more. Grounds and Hotel are pretty awesome, visually that is. Rooms, eh, OK at best. You can hear other guest from your room, WTF. Bring lots of money with you, you're trapped out in the middle of nowhere and they have you by the short ones. The rooms I requested could not be had cause a football team was here last minute! Last time for Sheratons for us! Funny, last time we stayed here we saw wild horses in the distance from our room. This time just golfers every where, would like to have seen wild horses again but I guess they are history, too bad!
I travel al over the world and was impressed by the ambience, food and service.
I had dinner at the more casual restaurant since Kio was closed mon and tues. I recommend the oatmeal for  breakfast and the nicoise salad with lovely fresh tuna was one of the best I have ever had for lunch. I recommend taking  advantage of the local stables. I  had a private ride with native American, Manny and his horse desperado and learned about wildlife and the local native american tribes. we were very fortunate people to get fairly close to a wild herd of mustangs. I got amazing photos and had great confidence in Manny who has a great respect for nature and these animals.
As a Starwood Gold member I have to say the service here was literally "worst in class".  Don't bother going to the lobby bar...you will sit for hours before being served, don't rod food, they will mess up the order...Dont ask them to go out of their way...they won't.. As a gold preferred member I did not even get a Starwood preferred guest room...very irritating.  The concierge and pool bar manager were great, other than that the service was awful.  FYI...be ready to walk...the rooms are very spread out!
I stayed at the Sheraton for a convention and while the actual grounds and facilities are very nice, there is a lot to be desired as anything but a company paid destination, I would never go again. I am a gold Starwood member, so stay at a lot of Sheraton properties.

I'm used to paying resort rates for food, drinks and service, but this place is over the top on their prices. There is a lack of mid prices choices for dining as my number one complaint.

They have two restaurants a $$$$ and a $$$ priced choice. It really should be $$$$$ and $$$$. At there mid priced restaurant  a Filet is $38. and everything else was also priced as a high priced place. I  would hate to see what the prices are at the high end restaurant.

They have a lobby bar and for anyone who goes to conventions, many times this would be a gathering spot and for eating in a casual manor. Well if you could squeeze 10 people in, it would be a stretch. They are missing the boat here as the bar was tiny. Never did get to buy a drink there.

Went on a Saturday morning at 8:30 am to the small coffee shop, guess what they were out of almost all there food choices. Get a clue Sheraton, there are no walk in customers, you know how many people will be at the facility on any given day, plan accordingly!

I had shipped a package to the facility by UPS. I tracked it and it arrived as scheduled on a Thursday. Guess what, no call as to it's arrival. I finally called at 4:00PM on the Friday asking it be delivered to my room and they said they would send it up. 6 hours later still no box. I ended up tracking it down on Saturday.

The only room issue we had was the doors slam when they close, so as soon as the first person leaves their room in the morning, you get your morning wake-up slam. Also if anyone is talking in the hall, it sound like they are standing next to you in your room.

So for my $ there are a lot better choices. The Sheraton's overprice will cost them in the long run as they will not have repeat customers. To bad, nice grounds, but customers notice what is lacking. I was wondering why there were so few people staying there with the exception of one day, but after staying there I can see why it was not crowded.
Alas at the end of a series of winding roads, just when you think you might have taken the wrong turn....the resort appears like an oasis amidst the desert. Do not be in a hurry....but I think that's the whole point isn't it?
As I was slumbering here, all the way from Scottsdale for a conference, I did not get to use many of the amenities at the resort. But I did have a very memorable dinner at Kai.
Every menu cover displayed a different tale of the Native Americans - each with a hand-painted pictorial or petroglyph telling a tale. Five courses of blissful journey to Happyland - can I just tell you that food with a story and journey makes all the difference!
Service was impressive!
My only grunt: As a courtesy, please place screaming children in a separate room from all adult diners. Kind of takes away from the whole Zen-like experience. But I will be back - the views of the golf course were very inviting. Hats off to whomever manicured the fairways - not a blade out of place.
Love this place!  Went for a stay-cation with the girls for a spa day and stayed the night.  I can't wait to go back!  You are in the city but feels miles away!  The spa is amazing!  Wonderful adults only pool with great refreshing food and drinks.  Then our rooms were clean and comfortable.  Dinner at Kai was nothing short of superb, and breakfast the next morning on the patio over looking the golf course and pool area was also very good.  Overall a wonderful night away.
This is a lovely resort, but more of an effort should be made to rid the lobby bar of flies...The spa is AMAZING!
Beautiful hotel and grounds for the price. You will pay more for hotels that are not as nice in the area. They are located just off of I-10 and south of the 202, but very easy to get to. Go to the lobby and get some Starbuck's Coffee in the morning and then take the 2.5 mile walk around the resort. I saw a road runner, rabbits, lizards and birds. If you are lucky, you may see a rattle snake or other interesting wild life. Don't worry, they are more affraid of you. The views from the room is awesome. The staff is awesome. Depending where your room is at, it can be a long walk from the lobby to your room. We where at the end on the 3rd floor and I was told it's a quarter mile from the lobby to my room. Not a big deal at all.
I brought the family out for a fun weekend prior to a conference that I was attending at this hotel the following week.  A great hotel for the kids with plenty of places to walk and lots to do.  

The girls loved the relay races and cannonball contests in the pool and the watermelon eating contest and of course swimming and the water slide.  

We didn't have a car so we didn't venture off property.  Eating on the property and going to Rawhide (old western town brought back to life; very fun, but clearly a tourist trap) were nice (the food was good), but rather expensive.  It was a vacation though and eating on resort is always going to be expensive.

One of my daughters has food allergies and the staff was usually very accommodating allowing her to substitute something in her meal for something that she wasn't allergic to without additional charge.  Once we were charged several dollars extra for having to substitute fruit for something else and unfortunately they made only a VERY vain effort to try and remediate the situation.  I expected better from that experience, but that was a one-off in what was otherwise a very fun, very relaxing weekend.
We had our wedding here on Saturday. It was awesome. Sandra the coordinator was amazing and I knew that she would take care of everything. It was beautiful and was better than I imagined! I would highly recommended Wild Horse Pass Resort and Spa for a wedding.

They gave us a bridal ready room which was so nice! We had an awesome staff helping us and the food was to die for! 

We got tons of compliments.
My husband and I stayed here for two nights during a conference he was attending in the hotels conference center.  Our room was nice enough and the resort grounds were beautiful.  We didn't get to expierience all that this place has to offer with only being there 3 days and having all of the meals and activities planned for us by the company running the conference.  

There were a few things that could have made our stay better.  First of all as many other reviewers have stated the rooms were very warm.  I understand that it was 107 degrees outside during our stay and that this can make it difficult to cool the indoors properly but I just can't sleep well if I'm too warm.  There has got to be some sort of solution they could come up with to remedy this situation.  Secondly it was impossible to get any sort of cold water out of the faucet in out room.  I must say drinking warm water is not very refreshing and I never could find the ice machine.  On a side note most of the other "resort" hotels I have stayed at placed buckets of fresh ice in our rooms daily so I was a little surprised this one does not, of course it would not have been a big deal if I could have found an ice machine on my own.  Third and perhaps the most annoying thing about this hotel is the layout/ size.  The walk from our room to the conference center was literally 15 minutes one way.  I'm certainly not the fastest walker in the world but I'm also not the slowest either. This definitely made for some tired feet and legs after having to walk back and forth at least 3 times per day.  For those of you counting that's an hour and a half everyday just walking to and from the meetings and meals.  I will also add that this was not just a long walk but a confusing one as well.  The only way to get across the hotel was to wind through the halls on our floor to the elevator, go up to the lobby, cut across the lobby to another elevator and take that back down to the floor with the conference center, then walk the last half a mile down a hallway to the meeting rooms we were assigned to.  It seems a little crazy that this was the only way to get to where we were going and after getting lost trying to simply take that first elevator down to the correct floor (skipping the jaunt across the lobby) I even asked at the front desk if there was a quicker/easier way and was told no.  

Overall I might stay here again but if it were for another conference I would definitely request a room closer to the conference center.  The front desk staff were friendly and helpful each time I dealt with them and even helped me solve a billing issue I had with the spa.  This could have been a four star review if it weren't for all that unexpected walking.
Great experience at the Wild Horse Pass Resort & Spa.  Friendly staff.  Resort is away from other businesses/residences so it is secluded and quiet.  Has a few pools (one with a slide) and a couple jacuzzis.  Rooms were spacious and clean.  The rooms can be a little far from the parking lots so be prepared to walk a little distance.

Overall, very relaxing. I would definitely consider staying here again the next time I am in Arizona for Spring Training.
Great resort, really nice rooms, and a great property with a great pool.  There is a creek that runs all over the property and it is a great little walk or run if the weather permits.  We usually go on stay-cation on the 4th of July to enjoy the pool and watch the fireworks show from Rawhide so we do not have to drive home in traffic.  There is a nice restaurant there and the service is spectacular.  Highly recommend this place, especially in the winter when the weather is best in Phoenix.  We came here this year with a huge group and the rain made it tough but they even hosted a festival inside one of their huge hall rooms (built for huge weddings) and the kids loved it and we got to have a bar and seating for the adults.  They took good care of us.
This place used to be a hidden gem, now something is definitely missing.

This week we had out of town family visiting from California. Being Starwood preferred members and fans of the Wild Horse Pass area from a stay almost 6 years ago, they planned a 5 nights stay. I also got a room for one of the nights to have a mini staycation for my birthday.

5 stars for the resort grounds and view. Watching the sunset over the mountains through the two story floor to ceiling windows in the lobby is an experience. Even being a local used to the AZ sunset, it's a sight to see. 

4 stars for self parking not being convenient, the rooms being cramped and the pool area. The kids loved the pool complex with two shallow play pools(one with zero water line that is amazing for half submerged tanning and little ones), the water slide was surprisingly fun for young and old alike, and the "adult" pool has some great poolside fountains that are toddler friendly as well. As you can tell, the pool caters to families, it happens. If you want a true adult only pool stay somewhere with a bigger pool complex. Very comfortable lounge chairs and the pool bar staff were prompt and personable. The kids didn't seem to mind that the pool was warm but the adults might need some cool drinks to deal with the heat. The margaritas were nasty(unforgivable in AZ, especially on national tequila day) but the blood orange mojito was so refreshing. Be aware that the bottom of the pool is in dire need of resurfacing, it is a gritty plaster that will tear up your feet and knees if you aren't careful(but great if you desperately need a pedicure).

3 stars for service. The whole week it was pretty hit or miss. Valet service and front desk was very attentive. Restaurant and bar service was great. Any staff you pass will look up and greet you. Pool got iffy as there was only ever one pool attendant for the entire pool and it could take awhile to get service, especially around shift changes in the afternoon. Extra activities like the "boat" rides, you better plan ahead and make sure they know you're coming because apparently they pack up early without letting anyone know. That made for some disappointed kiddos and no one seemed to want to take responsibility for it.The spa needs some scheduling tips as well. We also were brought a piece of chocolate cake(I'm assuming for my birthday?) however it was just left in the room at 10 AM while we were out, without a note, and it was in my family's room not mine so who knows for sure. Um, thanks?

What brought it down to 2 stars was cleanliness. The resort is showing signs of neglect in this area. Cleaning crew apparently leave at 11 AM every day so if you don't request room cleaning by 9 AM you don't get it. Seemed more like a condo complex then a resort on that point. Room service trays sat in the hallway for most of the day. Cobwebs all over outside windows, bird droppings in the pool area, and stained carpet and ceiling tiles. 
But the clincher was the experience we had with my room. As we were preparing for bed, I was drawing the curtains closed and happened to look up at the valance. The corner was covered in spider webs and 5-6 live spiders! Albeit daddy long legs which are less scary then most spiders out here but still not roommates I appreciate. I then noticed more webs in the opposite corner of the room and another huge (alive) daddy long legs, this corner being almost directly above the bed. This would have been instant grounds to move rooms for me however we were given the room directly next to my family, it was already 1 AM, and a conference had just checked in so we were doubtful of getting another room. Armed with a can of hairspray we killed as many bugs as we could find and slept with a light on the rest of the night. It doesn't matter how amazing that heavenly bed is when you feel like you're going to have bugs on your face all night. I just don't understand how a cleaning crew misses something like that. I was going to let the front desk know but as I was checking out the next day over the phone, she cut me off before I had a chance to and hung up. Let's hope someone actually reads their questionnaires. 

There are so many amazing hotel and resort options in the Phoenix area, at great prices too during the summer. Unless they train their cleaning crew better, it's going to hurt their popularity.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights in late August. We got a killer last minute deal which is why I can say we enjoyed our stay. If we had paid regular price we would have been disappointed. The service is hit and miss. We had great service at the pool every day and at the golf course restaurant but based on what other reviewers have said about the staff I'm glad we didn't have any major issues that needed to be addressed. A huge complaint of mine would be that the restaurants, lobby bar and espresso bar seem to be on whatever schedule the staff decides that day despite the open/close times listed. I went down to the espresso bar every morning (around 8) and all but once it was already closed for the day. Same with the lobby bar. We would go every evening and only once was it open and we ended up leaving because we sat there for half an hour and the bartender still had not gotten to us. One day everything at the hotel was closed by 6 so we ended up having to take the boat to the casino and eat at the buffet. It was really shocking to us because it was summer and there were a lot of conferences going on so you would think everything would be super busy in the evenings. The other thing that should be noted is that EVERYTHING is soooo expensive. But that's typical with these kinds of resorts. And they don't comp things here. You will be charged for anything beyond just sleeping and the pool. Wi-Fi, using the gym, room telephones, etc.  And you will pay an arm and a leg eating at the restaurants. Again, this was not too bad for us as we got our room for cheap so paying so much for food kind of evened it out. We hardly ever saw hotel staff. It was like every day there were 5 people working the entire resort! The things I loved about staying here that made it all worth it are: The view is amazing! It's so beautiful spending the day lying at the pool with such spectacular surroundings. The food was actually really good. We had some expensive nice meals that were good and we had less expensive quickie stuff at the pool restaurant and golf course restaurant that was good as well (BBQ Chicken Pizza was so good). The rooms are nice. Again, I'm not sure they are as nice as they should be if you pay full price but for the deal we got we liked them. They are "cozy" and the bed is very comfortable. I didn't understand people complaining about having to walk so far to their room. It's a BIG resort and I thought the rooms all seemed close to the lobby (it's no different than being in Vegas and maybe having to walk through the casino to get to your room). It's nice that you can hop on the boat and get a ride down to the casino or just ride it and enjoy the scenery. We really didn't take advantage of the golf course or spa (food ended up taking up most of our budget) but we were fine with that. We stayed a Mon. - Fri. and most hotel guests were in conferences all day so we literally had the entire pool to ourselves most of the time. Every now and then a few others would come along but for the most part we felt like we were the only ones here and it was so quiet and peaceful. My one recommendation would be to get a rental car. We took a cab to the resort from the airport and we were OK for 2 days but then we started getting bored in the evenings. Besides, the casino there is nothing to do. We looked into the onsite car rental and OMG it was insanely expensive!! Like a 3 day car rental would have cost more than our entire trip!! So we called around to some local car rental companies and found a great deal and just took a cab to pick up the car. Overall, I would say this resort is good for older people who want peace and quiet and like to head to bed early or for families with young children. However, if you are paying full price it's just not worth it.
We've never stayed at the hotel but as far as casinos go, this one isn't bad.  They have great happy hour beer specials and believe it it not, we OCCASIONALLY win!!

Atmosphere is great.  

The food in the "expensive" restaurant is great (sorry, can't remember the name of it).
Attended a conference here a few weeks ago.  I haven't stayed at a Sheraton family hotel in quite sometime but the words Resort and Spa were key.

I got here the first night, wanted to self park the car and I did.  Told there would be a shuttle to come by and pick me up but never saw one but when I did see one, I was already up the sidewalk and almost in the door.  

Asked for the fee to use the fitness center $20 but that wasn't a problem because my room was all the way in Tempe.  Or at least that is what it felt like.  I was at THE very end of the hall so I had a nice enjoyable walk everyday.  

The place is very secluded, has music playing in the hallways, nice restaurants inside and great service from the staff.  Great views and very quiet if you wanted to sit outside and enjoy yourself.  

They do have a shuttle to the casino which was a nice bonus.
The facility is beautiful. I stayed for 4 nights for a conference and was impressed with the level of attention the staff placed on their guests. 
You are hit with a lovely aroma from the spa candles as you check in that makes you want to get a massage right there. Unfortunately I was too busy to enjoy those amenities however I overheard other guests raving about their experience.
Dinner at Kai proved to be one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The service, view and dinner where all five star. If you go try the margarita / martini that is rimmed with salt and pink peppercorn. Phenomenal! 
I will go back just to relax. If you go be sure to take a walk along the 2 mile walking path earliy in the morning. Its a great way to start your day. And golf too!
I just wanted to say out of all the hotels in the valley I chose Sheraton Wild Horse Pass for  me and my wife to stay the night and celebrate on the joyous occasion for New Years Eve.  It was very disturbing saying the very least when the fire alarm went off around 4 a.m. in our wing and immediately we jumped from a dead sleep.  As I proceeded into the hallway people were looking at each other saying is this a false alarm without knowing what to assume.  I personally felt systems should of been in place to where the management staff should of been there conveying whether to get out of the building or it is simply a false alarm.  Think we both can agree moments in a real fire can have serious and disastrous consequences.  After the alarm stopped we were way too alert to even thing about falling back to sleep so needless to say we left after 4:45 this morning.  Personally don't think it was worth the $166.88 when it pertains to personal safety.

Do think out of all the casino hotels in the valley Talking Stick Resort is the best as well as being close to all the ammenities in Scottsdale.  


  Leonard W Payne
  Reservation Number #095468391
The resort itself was beautiful.  I am giving it a low rating because the service was terrible and the parking & room location was horrible.  We spent all day on the baseball fields only to come back to shower for dinner to find our room uncleaned.  I called down for towels & it took them n early 45 min to bring them.  We ended up being late for our dinner reservation & unshowered.  Our room service tray was left outside of our room for 2 full days before they ever come to pick it up.  

The self parking lot was fine to park in however you had to walk through half the hotel, up an elevator, through the rest of the hotel to another elevator to reach our room.  Seems a bit crazy to me that you are not able to simply park, take an elevator to your floor and go to your room.  

I will be in Tempe for Spring Training again, year after year but would never stay at this resort again.
Well first of all, I wrote a very detailed review just as I was leaving this resort. Now I cannot find it on my profile. Does yelp remove reviews? 

This was the most confusing hotel layout ever. I spent a great deal of time there confused in the hallways. Which isn't really a bad thing, since I hike and run anyway. I was able to "break in" my new barefoot running shoes;)  But when you are staying at a place for a conference, it gets a little old having to waste your small amount of free time wandering the halls. And hiking to the inconvenient parking lot, dragging suitcases long distances around all of the awkward landscaping islands, or across them, which would be even worse. I didn't see a shuttle. 

There was mold in the shower. Not a lot, but it was enough to make me notice the general level of cleanliness (fair).

We wanted to eat at Kai, tried to get a reservation from our first day there but were not successful.

There was an enormous amount of focus placed on sweeping and blowing the landscaping. Yet the hot tubs were full of leaves every time we went to soak.

I loved their little nature path. I think it is about 3 miles total. I ran every night, didn't even need a headlamp. The dry sweet desert smell was wonderful and the view of the mountains and lights in the distance made for a nice ambiance. Loved the path lighting. (Ran on red light the first night just to get familiar with the path.)

I wanted to visit their gym and maybe get a massage. That was totally impossible because the spa facility closes very early. I guess they assume if you are there for a conference you won't need to exercise in the evenings. WHAT??!!

There was some sort of boat shuttle but I never could figure out where it goes. One evening we hiked to the horse stables, which was interesting. (Did not actually ride.)

The conference rooms were very roomy. Nice bathroom facilities. Quiet, good audiovisual quality.  It was a nice place for an educational conference. And, that's why I was there anyway, right? One thing which was annoying was that they kept removing the tea/coffee service. It seems half the time I went for hot herbal tea they had just taken it away.

I guess it wasn't really a "bad" resort, but for the price I expected better customer service and attention to detail.
I stayed at the Wild Horse Pass resort for a work conference in January.  The resort, and the surrounding area are beautiful.  I highly recommend watching the sunset from the main lobby/bar area.  The rooms were nice; spacious and modern, though there was nothing to differentiate them from any other Sheraton.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  

My only negative comment about the resort, is that there is a $20 per day charge to use the fitness center.  I understand the up charge for the spa, but a basic gym?  I want to tack on a 4th star, however this place was missing that WOW factor. It really had the opportunity to impress me, and it just missed the boat.
Love this place! My wife and I come here every year for our anniversary. Everything from the food the staff, the scenery even the amenities are top notch. Highly recommended!
This resort is absolutely beautiful.  Recommend walking around the trails and golf course early in the morning as there is an amazing variety of bird noises everywhere....  There is a lot of attention to detail in the landscaping which I have a great appreciation for. I stayed for 4 nights. The reason I'm giving 2 stars is because the food and drink here is repulsive. You can't get a drink by the pool without taking down a lot of nasty mixer and corn syrup...  Call me picky, but I don't eat meat. The golf club restaurant screwed my order up twice but the server was chill so I payed double and walked out without eating. I don't like to complain and certainly not to get a "free-be." The drinks are 10 bucks. I recommend getting a smoothie from ko-sin restaurant and taking it to one of the other bars to be mixed with Malibu, however, that bumps your drink up to 16 bucks and they stop selling smoothies at 2. After that, you are on your own, shoveling gmo corn syrup down your gullet which kind of sucks because you're on vacation and want to crush tons of awesome frozen drinks poolside but they only sell over priced crappy ones!!!!.  Ko'sin isn't that good. They have one vegetarian breakfast option that is granola. It's retardedly expensive and served w/ warm soy milk. The second time I got it(for lack of anything better) I specifically asked for COLD soy milk because of my previous experience and they still sent it to my room warm. It was $26 and some change for 1 smoothie and 1 bowl of "native oats" granola.... Wtf?!!! Sheridan?!! For a place that exploits native american culture as much as this, im surprised how non-sustainable the menus are at all the restaurants throughout the resort... These are a people known for being in tune w/ nature and the fact that its hard to get a meal without a dead animal on your plate really upsets me as it did their ancestors when white folks like myself slaughtered all the buffalo. The Sheridan fronts some "green initiative" but its totally b.s.  they serve bottled Nestle tap water everywhere throughout the resort, which is such a horrible and non-ethical company in itself. They have a huge history of child labor practices and 0ver 70% of their chocolate is still produced that way today!!!.... see these two links: http://thecnnfreedomproject.blogs.cnn.com/2012/06/29/nestle-advances-child-labor-battle-plan/.  http://stopnestlewaters.org/communities/mecosta-county-mi.  I wrote this review because I'm calling on Sheridan and the world to change. I don't want anything more than that... (And quit partnership with Nestlé!!)
I'm sure that most  people have noticed already, but several of the reviews that have been posted here (including some high ratings) are actually for the casino that is about a mile away.  This review is for the Sheraton resort and spa.

I will say up front that my review is from the perspective of a business traveler.  I stay in hotels about 90 nights a year, and have seen just about everything from high end luxury to downright scary.  This review should be seen that way.  If you are on vacation with your family, or only travel occasionally and see this as your annual boondoggle then your perspective may be different.   If you're in my situation, you're better off staying at a traditional hotel.

I was here for only one night to speak at a conference.  Business travelers in that situation (especially those of us who are traveling alone) would actually rather be at home and want this to be as painless as possible.  We value convenience, service, ease of use, the ability to simply relax without a big production, and knowledgeable staff more than spas and golf courses.  This hotel falls short on those criteria.

Actually I do golf quite a bit, but I didn't bring my clubs because they don't take tee times for singles. I was told I could try to walk on but the odds weren't great.  Thpt. 

Overall - nice looking place.  But the service just does not lend itself to business travel.  A few examples are below.  I'm leaving out several annoyances that were equally odd.  No one thing is life threatening but after a while they add up to a lousy experience. 

First thing was minor but indicative of a clueless staff.  I came straight from the airport on a Saturday, and arrived a little early in the day (around 1:00 pm).  The room was ready which was a pleasant surprise.  About ten minutes after I got to my room I made a phone call.   While I was talking there was a knock on the door.  I was on the phone, not exactly expecting anyone, and there was no identification (like "housekeeping") so I ignored it.  Another knock followed quickly by the door opening.  Note to hotel staff - if you are going to do that it's a good idea to identify yourself so you don't freak out the guest.  It was just a guy who was there to stock the mini-bar (shouldn't that be done before one checks in) but enough to surprise me.  

Time for dinner.  I'm on the road, a little tired, in the wrong timezone and would like a nice hot meal in the easiest way possible.  I'm thinking find a seat at the restaurant bar, order a steak and read on the ipad.  Simple enough?  No.   

They have a restaurant called Kai.  It's high end, has a dress code, and actually bans electronic devices (which is fine but kills reading on the ipad at the bar).  Ok - how about the other one (out of five) restaurant that is open.  No bar, you need to reserve a table, and I could tell by the sneer from the hostess that a single at a table (which I hate doing anyway) was not what she wanted to see on Saturday night.  Fine - there is a bar fifteen feet from the entrance of the restaurant.  I sit down and order a beer.  There is a guy next to me reading the menu of the restaurant.  When he's done, I grab it and try to order something.  "Sorry - we just have that here so people can look at it - you can't order their food at the bar you can only order the apps on the bar menu".  Anyone who travels for business as much as I do knows that is BS.  A waiter can't carry the plate twenty feet out the door?  Really?  Does this little six seat cubbyhole bar have it's own kitchen that only makes the appetizers on the bar list?  

Fine, I'll go order a pizza.  I could do room service but have no confidence in this place now.  Walking past the concierge stand I think "maybe I'll get a recommendation".  No one is there, so as I am looking through the stuff, the concierge walks up and ignores me completely.  Another lady walks up and looks through the same stuff and gets a sweet "what can I help you find".  Now I'm getting po'ed.  

So after an hour of wandering around and getting shut out at this "wonderful full service resort" I finally order a pizza. When it arrives, they call my room and tell me I have to come to the front desk to get it.  What? There is no security or anything like that.  Anyone who doesn't look like a vagrant (and some who do) can walk past the front desk and down the halls.  But put a pizza in his hand and it's a problem?  Luckily I still had pants on, so off I went to finally get something to eat.

Finally off to dreamland.  But the walls are pretty thin.  So when the family in the room next to me start running around and playing the tv at 5:30 am, it's all I can hear.

The place is meant as a resort for vacationers I guess.  But should that mean that single business travelers should be shit on?  To me it comes off as a carnival cruise ship on land.  It's smarmy and the staff doesn't care much because most people won't be back any time soon anyway.
Great, beautiful resort.  We loved it.  The slide initially was not governed by any staff so groups of kids were going down together and piling up on each other- extremely dangerous and scary.  Our daughter and friend were pushed by other kids as a result.  Finally they sent staff over to supervise and was much more at ease.  The food was good too at Ko Sin.  The wifi was horrible- just sayin.
I'm really 50/50 on this place.  The price for rooms during the off season are really reasonable and they have a beautiful pool with a water slide that overlooks the pristine golf course.  Even the basic rooms are really nice with wood floors when you walk and incredibly comfortable beds.  I think this is the first resort I've ever stayed where they have body pillows!  The grounds are beautiful and immaculately landscaped.  

But as you know, with the good there usually is the bad too, and there were certainly bad parts of the resort.  The service at the pool was so slow and they were not busy.  We would raise our chair flag and see 5-10 pool employees at any given time just standing around chatting with each other.  The pool ran out of towels and it took them almost an hour to bring down others.  EVERYTHING is overpriced here and I simply don't like being taken advantage of just because they can.  A can of dos xx was $8 before tip, margaritas started at $11 and went up from there.  After looking at the menus for the restaurants at the resort we opted to drive to a nearby restaurant and save hundreds of dollars.  I'm not sure why this place charges 5 star prices when it's not a 5 star hotel.
We booked a room couple weeks in advance and when we arrived a bit after 11pm the music in the lobby was so LOUD that it was uncomfortable. Then the night manager told us the room we booked was unavailable and gave us a standard room allllllll the way in the rear of the resort. He did not accommodate. We were very upset. Then the room is linked to the next doors room with a door access so we can hear them partying and had to sleep with the tv on!   Overall the place was ok. Valet awesome, Bell man GREAT, price for room ok, Bed was comfortable, bathroom was nice, cool balcony. There's shuttle service to the casino which was nice. 2 stars.
Recently stayed at this resort for a staycation and have to say it was a very comfortable stay. Rooms are nice and clean, staff is all very friendly and helpful and the beds are very comfortable. The resort is well kept and the pool area is nice. 

For the price per night, the resort should at the very least offer a FREE continental breakfast in the morning. We were told that we could not bring in any food or drink into the pool area as long as the restaurant/bar area is open for business. And it is open for business until about 8pm. The resort also charges an EXTRA $20 per night fee for internet, computer and gym use and it is NOT optional!! I think you should be able to opt out of this fee and you cant!

Also didn't like that the parking lot was SOOO far away from the resort. For elderly people or for anyone in the summer this can be killer walking to and from your car.

Overall the stay was great but just expected more for the amount of money you spend to stay here.
Be prepared to exercise to get to your room after you check in. I've had the last room at the end of both wings before, and it is a hike. If you are on the north side of the property, consider parking at Aji Spa, which will be the most convenient.

My favorite room is the Executive Suite with the dual, opposing shower heads. I've stayed in all of the other rooms, including the one with the dual fireplaces, but this is, by far, my favorite room on the property. The bed is extremely comfortable, and the climate control in the room works quite well. After all, ultimately, isn't what's important a comfortable room, a comfortable bed, and an awesome shower?

I enjoy sitting and relaxing outside of the Lobby Bar at night. The pool area is large and very nice. You can definitely enjoy some beautiful sunsets from here.

The front desk staff has always been extremely nice to me. I have had one or two occasions where my room was not serviced until late in the day. And every so often, the hallways do exhibit a funky odor.

As a Platinum and soon-to-be Lifetime Platinum SPG member, this property is awesome at making me feel welcome. They recently supplied my room with two bottles of Voss water in addition to the two free bottles they already supply me for being Platinum. They also left me a box of chocolates and a card thanking me for staying at their property, and that goes a long way. Other times, they've given me fresh fruit.

I'm split between liking and not liking the fact that it is far from anything off property save for the Wild Horse Pass Casino, which they have a free shuttle to from the lobby. As a personal quirk, I don't like eating where I stay, and I don't like chains, so I usually end up with a 20-minute drive for dinner. That being said, I also enjoy its remoteness.

They have some great deals if you are a AAA member.

One item of note...I stayed here in early June 2013 and had a room on the 2nd floor and killed two roaches scurrying inside the room in one night. I don't know how many more there were, but if there were two I could see, then I'm scared to know about the ones I didn't. And yes, I never left the doors to the balconies open. I've stayed here a bunch of times and this was the first time I'd encountered roaches so it was a little disconcerting. It freaked out my date. Consider not leaving anything on the floor, including your shoes.
I love this place. It's very spiritual and calming. I've been visiting and staycationing for seven years. The rooms are nice with Native American art and blankets. Very comfortable beds. The bathrooms are lovely with separate shower and tub. 
The grand foyer is beautiful as is the huge patio with fire pits. The pools are nice but I must admit they aren't keeping up with my kid's ages. We started going when the boys were 3 & 5 - now they are 10 & 12 and looking for higher slides and a lazy river. 
We do enjoy the short boat rides to the Western Town. They have a running path about 1.5 miles long out into the desert and near the golf course. We enjoy walking near the little river and sitting on the little grass island. We have golfed here it's a Troon golf course and beautiful. 
A visit here is typically a serene weekend for us watching the horses, bunnies and birds.
2stars at best.  Rooms were borderline, poor housekeeping, pool could use attention, pool restrooms dirty, pool maintenance, re: pool water appeared dirty. When checking out, i was charged for valet services i didn't use and had to argue with the front staff to have the charge removed. The front staff person said management was unavailable to help settle the overcharges on my bill. Our room a/c didn't cool as expected, house cleaning wasn't done one day.  Pool side furniture was soiled with bird feces and looked well worn.  There were no towels for the pool till late,pool staff were asked to at least bring bath towels dpwn for the children to use, but nothing was done.  Our room smelled of sewer gases one night.

All in all, I'll choose somewhere else next time.
Not a 'Resort'...at all
The price may seem ok online but they hit you up with a $21 'resort fee' per day. Doesn't get you much, but it is a way for them to get more out of you without giving up any additional services. Restaurant  over priced, 'so so' food.  Table of 4 came to 100$ for breakfast. Cleanliness on the restaurant  needs to be looked at. Coffee cups had unknown 'dark stains' (no from coffee), so they don't even look in the cups before they pour the coffee. Rooms are not great and need an upgrade. If your looking for a Marriott experience, you won't find it here...anything over $60 a night is way too much for this hotel. Not close to anything, everything is a drive. The resort is barren and isolated. The spa charges another $20 to use the pool and facilities. The hotel charges for everything they can! Even if you d not use the services, you are stuck paying the $20 resort fee. There are so many nicer places to stay!
This property is quite lovely and the service all around was very nice. Friendly in the lobby, friendly in the restaurant, nice pool, great view of the Arizona desert, and the rooms were adequate. I mean they were a bit warm as was the lobby. That might be from opening and closing the doors all day in the sunshine, I don't know. Your server in the downstairs bar leaves a bit to be desired - very unfriendly. We're locals and can come and go anywhere in the valley and be treated a bit better. I'd definitely return for the food though.
Stayed here a number of times while on business. Very pleasant hotel and staff are friendly. There is a frequent bus service to the casino which is good. the pool is very relaxing with a great view for sunsets which are awesome in AZ. 
Any issue I have had here was resolved very quickly.
Being back her for the second time in 5 years I was really looking forward to getting back. I would have to say that they have done some improvements to the resort since I was last there in 2009 and it was for the better.
The rooms are pretty solid and I had a great view this time in the Pima Wing. We were there for our Annual Conference and our members really enjoy this resort.

Only problem that a few members on staff had was their rooms not being cleaned even though it was requested. We are now worried that some of our members didn't get their's cleaned either -- which is just uncalled for really. I'm not sure what broke down there with the house keeping staff, but that should be addressed when you have members looking for a great experience for what they are paying per night.

Food was excellent over the course of the week. David and Maria took care of me and our group all week and I am certainly pumped about making it back out to Phoenix in the future.

We had some mosquito issues this year that we didn't have in 2009-- still dealing with the after effects of those bites on my legs.
Service not what you would expect at a hotel in this price category. Very difficult to even get a cup of coffee once the coffee kiosk closes in the early afternoon. 

Spa was excellent I wish I could review separately.
I just visited this resort for a conference. I was really impressed with everything about it from the customer service to the delicious food and amazing ambiance. I would highly recommend it for any all all company functions. I'm also hoping to get back here soon for a personal vacation. It's very reasonably priced for the great amenities- pools everywhere I looked, excellent spa, nature trails throughout the property, fire pit, etc.
We just had our second stay here and after the first stay, I probably would have given this place a 1 or 2 star review, but my wife and I were looking for a weekend getaway and were having trouble finding available rooms at other resorts and we also found an awesome AAA rate for the weekend, so we decided to give them a second chance, and boy are we glad we did! 

The first stay started off on the wrong foot where we arrived late at night and our (pre-paid) reservation had been lost. They did find it, but it took several hours and all we had wanted was to crawl into bed at that point. Then when they did find it, they didn't have the room we had paid for (deluxe king) and tried to stick us in a 2 double room. They ended up putting us in a king room, but I think it was the room of last resort and was miles away and in poor repair, we ended up checking out first thing the next morning and never really trying any of the facilities.

This stay we called on the way up to make sure our reservation was in the system and got checked in right away when we arrived. We made use of various dining options during our stay (in-room, pool, etc) and everything we ate was quite delicious. My wife is a vegetarian and I'm carnivore, so we usually have trouble for one of us, but we found options to make us both happy, which was great. Staff was very courteous and fairly attentive. We didn't bother to try for a "deluxe" room this time after the experience last time and we were quite happy with it, we had a view of the golf course which was perfectly acceptable to us. We went for a nice walk along the trail that runs along parts of the golf course, it was well maintained and quite enjoyable. We also took the boat ride that runs between the hotel and the Rawhide western place, just did the roundtrip late in the evening and it was also quite peaceful and enjoyable.

I wouldn't compare this place to a serious resort like a Ritz, but for the price, I would say we were very happy this time. One remaining complaint about the property in general is that it is very laterally laid out, so the hike from the front desk to your room or room to pool, spa, etc is pretty long. It makes for good exercise, but if you are looking to be fairly lazy, keep that in mind.

We really wanted to try their Kai restaurant which has amazing reviews, but unfortunately we were checking in late on Saturday and out on Monday and Kai is closed on Sunday and Monday.
Attending a conference here and the hotel employees are so nice and helpful. Rooms are really spread out and is a long walk from the lobby/convention space if in the Pima wing. Views from room are beautiful as the property is very well maintained and landscaped. The halls do get loud in the morning when people are leaving the rooms and you can hear neighboring room noise. Bar and food prices are high as you are basically isolated on the property. Overall a beautiful place, it is pricey but seems to include a lot of amenities and great service/employees.
Large resort in the desert. Great pool area, with the chairs that have flags to raise to get service. Plus it's pet friendly.
I had an excellent experience at the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Pool area and bar are awesome. The weather was perfect for swimming. We had fun ordering room service. The internet in the rooms is sucks. We were there for a convention and the hotel took great care of us. Breakfast buffets in the morning and parties with drinks and food every night. It happened to be our anniversary and they did a lot to make it special. They sent chocolates and sparkling wine to the room, comped some of our meals and drinks, it was really nice. 

The room was pretty comfortable, the AC could have been colder and there's no refrigerator. There was a nice throw that my wife enjoyed wrapping up in. We asked for a north facing room to keep us out of the sun and they did that for us. We had lovely shade all day. 

The property is pretty cool. The architecture is neat, there's lots of little surprises. I saw a handful of cool animals including a coyote, some kind of wildcat, hawks, hummingbirds, baby jackrabbits, and an owl. There's a boat you can take to the casino and the Wild West attractions, but I didn't get to try it. It looks fun.

I would absolutely come back here given to opportunity. It's a beautiful resort and the people are the best! Shout out to William at the front desk and Ruth at the pool bar for being goddamn awesome! Four stars!
This is a nice hotel but the staff is a little lacking. We reserved a King bed and when we checked in they only had 2 queens. So they "upgraded" our room. All this meant was a room with a view if the pool the were working on.  In the morning when I was asked "how was your stay", I replied "not very good since we did not get the room we reserved". The hotel employees response was "sorry to hear the, you have an outstanding balance on the room do you want to keep it on your card?"   Horrible customer service!!!!
What a beautifu hotel!  It's got three pools and a waterslide.  The restaurant is very good here as well and the staff are friendly.  What's to complain about?

The resort structure...why do I feel like I have to walk everywhere to get from point A to point B???  The layout makes it very inconvenient to go anywhere around here.
Very nice place. I'll be back!
Third time here. Friendly staff, great rooms. We went for New Year's Eve. The singer at the bar was awesome. The 2.5 mile hiking trail was fun. Cannot wait to go back.
Gorgeous hotel! I was here for a conference and the staff at the hotel really took care of us. 

The views alone are 5 stars. Simply magnificent.  Don't worry my little yelpers, I'll attach pics :) As I'm from the chilly Midwest I took every opportunity to relax outside and enjoy the sunshine and clear skies.

My room was awesome. Being Starwood preferred has its perks. Private balcony with a view of the pool and golf course was great. 

The only issue I have is the food. Not really that good. I stayed at this hotel for a week. I had a chance to sample pretty much every food concoction their chef could come up with. Every meat dish I had was not seasoned. Zero flavor. Even their carved roast had no flavor. One evening we had pulled pork and the driest chicken I've ever tasted. For breakfast, I did enjoy their chorizo, onion, green pepper and spicy cheese egg scramble. I think they may have gotten a lot of compliments about it because they served it 3 days in a row. Ugh. Also if you plan on eating at pool bar you will experience the slowest service ever. It took an hour for them to make my salad. I kid you not. Iceberg lettuce and cheese takes an hour to make. 

The gym was decent. A few treadmills, elliptical machines and bikes. A lot of weights which impressed me. Normally you don't find a lot of weights at a hotel gym. 

The housekeeping staff and various staff maintaining the property were extremely friendly and made a point to call me by name every time they saw me (I think the dumb name tag my company made me wear helped with this. Haha). But it was still nice to have them say hello in the halls.

Overall, a great hotel. Just need to work on the food.
Wow!!! Love this place.  For sure will be staying here when I come back.  Awesome food, great resort and slept like a baby in their rooms.  This place is beautiful you will not be disappointed.  Price seemed very lie compared to what I was paying in Scottsdale.
What a nice place...!! Views are great and the pool was nice as well! Rooms were clean as well. My issue and why I see this as 3 stars is the hidden 21.00 charge per night for things I didn't use during my stay like this gym for instance... With sooo many choices in the Phoenix/ Tucson area to go to for a staycation I just will not be back
This is a peaceful property. It's huge draw is that it's away from the hustle and bustle of the city, which can be good and less than ideal. It can be good if you plan to just reside on the resort, including eating all of your meals there. It's less than ideal if you want to venture out because you can expect to drive a minimum of 15-20 minutes to get anywhere.

The landscaping is well done, the staff is very friendly. The rooms are very basic and a little dated, even with the Native American themes. So if you want plush, I am not sure you'll get that. Not sure what they suite rooms look likes. The resort is also very family-friendly. I saw a ton of young children at the major pool.

I understand why a lot of the people looking for more quiet head over to the "Spa" area as it houses another pool, the Aji Spa, and the fitness center. THIS pool was heaven. We went prior to having some spa treatments done. Aji Spa DID NOT disappoint. I'll save those comments for another review.

It's a great property for being outdoors. I saw tons of people on the trails and on the golf course. There is a shuttle that will run you around until 2am (every 15 minutes), so be on the lookout for that if you do not drive (but I recommend you do).

Last thing to note are the other charges per day.. $20 resort fee (waived if you are a platinum member) and $22 valet. Self-parking can be a bit of a hike depending on the location of your room.
Disappointed with Sheraton. Definitely not a 5 star hotel. The pool service was awful, at best, and the food was just ok for the price. The walls were thin enough to hear the tv and other sounds coming from the next room. The ice machine by our room wasn't working during our three night stay. The pool wasn't heated AT ALL and the freezing kids got kicked out of the hot tub. Nice grounds and the hiking trail was great. If you stay here review your final bill before checking out! I will be looking elsewhere for our next visit.
I had to write a review for this resort because it is one of my favorite places on the planet.  There is something that is just so darn relaxing about the place!  I usually go every year in the fall and occasionally in the spring before it gets too hot.  I have always had great service from the hotel staff and in both of the restaurants.   The hotel is great, but the really AMAZING part of the resort is the Spa and two golf courses.  The spa is one of the best I've ever been to and the golf courses are immaculate.  There are no housing developments surrounding the golf courses which really makes it unique and the guests get to enjoy the true beauty of the desert.
Food not good and over priced. Room service even more so.

 $20 / day resort fee & $20 / day valet 

Staff was SUPER tho 

LONG up hill walk for self parking then long walk down hall to elevator & another long walk to room. But nice room with no fridge or microwave. Ha won't have left overs from downstairs anyway maybe doggy bag
Live music in the lobby bar echos throughout the check-in area and you feel peaceful the second you drive up to the front doors. The hotel is really pretty in a Native Arizona style and rich with culture and history. 

We loved the pool, breakfast outdoors overlooking the pool and golf course, the golf was great, and the live music in the lobby was awesome. Night time you can see the stars and the fire-pits are lit outside providing that chill escape. You'd never know except for having seen it in your drive in that you're 8 minutes from the casino and outlet mall. you feel secluded and relaxed away from the hustle and bustle. 

Negatives:
Don't Order Room Service if You actually want to eat what you order:
We arrived late on a Thursday night- 10 PM- with just enough time to check-in, grab a beer, and go down to the hot-tub before the pool area shut down. We stopped by the bar after relaxing in the hot-tub and grabbed another round of drinks and tried to order food- bar kitchen was closed- which seemed fair since it was now almost 11 PM. So we ordered room service to our room. They told us on the phone  it would be 40 minutes. 1 hour and 15 minutes later- no food. We finally gave up and went to sleep. In the morning we visited the front desk to voice our grievances and they showed no record of the room service order. So had we stayed up waiting we never would have gotten food. 

Our room:
We were given an SPG preferred guest room. We are platinum SPG  guests- but we did book a pre-paid lowest guaranteed rate (so maybe that's why the cruddy room)- we were placed in a preferred guest room - but it had no view- just a massive tree blocking the golf course and desert we so desired to see. It did have a balcony. It was TINY and it had no robes, even though we had requested them. 

Check-out:
Having worked in a hotel, I am a firm believer in using hotel services, like bellmen and tipping them well. I called in advance and I also notified a bellman in person that I needed help with our bags since my husband was on the golf course and we needed to get checked-out of our room by check-out time. I gave a specific time I needed help and twenty minutes notice. No one showed up- I had to call twice. I finally grabbed all four of our bags and started hauling them down the hallway -when I saw a bellman headed in the direction of our room. He apologized (and was very kind) and gave me a hand. Just annoying when you hear bellmen venting about people handling their own bags yet when you ask for help it takes over an hour to get someone to your door. 


Loved the actual hotel and location just wish a few things had gone smoother and a better room location. Super nice staff- except for the coffee girl at the cafe in the morning. Her "give-a-hoot" meter was at a zero. 

I want to give it another try.
I stayed here fore a conference and what a great hotel and golf course. Was surprised they only have one restaurant.  Great facilities, gym, ground and course.
Was not given Starwood preferred room even though I qualify. Came for a conference and if you didn't know, this place is huge, I literally am the third furthest room from the conference, so inquire for a closer room if you are here for business!
Nice resort and good place for a business meeting. Rooms are big and comfortable. Friendly staff, but off the beaten path a little so cabs need to be called well in advance. Will Uber next time. 
Golf course and spa on the grounds. Horse back riding too. Casino nearby. 
Impressive Lobby, but it smelled a bit like a water treatment facility because of the chlorinated waterfalls. Sort of a sewer stench. 
Nice pool area. Friendly staff.
I really enjoyed the look of the hotel very peaceful away from other hotels. You can tell they really spent time incorporating the Indian aspect and cultural to showcase the great scenery and nature. Lobby is gorgeous and has cozy sitting areas around everywhere. They have a computers set up with calming music throughout. The pool is great I believe there is 3 and 2 hot tubs. A great water slide and the scenery of nature around you. Very relaxing. The rooms are super clean with a balcony to sit and take it in. I can't say enough about the staff at the door they always asked if they could help or if we needed anything! Shuttle to casino is easy to catch and a nice convenience! We'll done!
Beautiful. Clean. Relaxing. Friendly staff. Expensive all around and over priced food and drink. But overall a wonderful resort and I will go back! You can shuttle to the casino where there is a 24/7 cafe with reasonably priced delicious food.
We chose this resort for a staycation. From the time we entered the stress melted away and we enjoyed ourselves completely. The pool are was nice and on Saturday they had live music at poolside most of the day. The beautiful lobby with the waterfall was lovely to sit beside and listen to acoustic guitar music in the evening. There was a short, peaceful boat ride down a man-made river, and a lighted walking path that we enjoyed after the sun went down, spotting some wildlife along the way. We enrolled our kids in the adventure club. They even made special accommodations for one of my children who has Celiac Disease. At night there was a fire pit and singing and s'mores for the kids. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. We look forward to visiting again soon.
Festive restaurant for celebrations.  Wonderful steaks with a Spanish flair.  Dark wood Mexican tables set the tone for a fun Spanish dinner.  Located in the beautiful Princess Hotel.  Be sure to try the sangria.
The food at La Hacienda at the Fairmont Princess never ceases to amaze me.  It is always amazing with a creative twist.  I always wonder how they think of what to put on their menu, which is always changing.  With the fire burning and the mariachi band playing, its atmosphere is relaxing yet with entertainment.  With Bourbon Steak and Rande Gerber's new lounge, Stone Rose, opening soon, La Hacienda and the Fairmont Princess must be on everyone's list to visit.  La Hacienda is like no other Mexican restaurant that you have been to; it's gourmet Mexican!  And don't forget to order the flaming coffee - this is a must see!
I loved the Fairmont in Scottsdale... that is in all other regards, except my dining experience at La Hacienda.  I understand and have been advised that it's an award winning restaurant, but it just did not wow me.  My companion and I started with the ceviche, but found it to be mediocre at best - quite bland in taste (needing salt, lemon, lime, spice and/or some combination of the foregoing) and the texture of the fish speaking volumes of its true nature - over cooked fish - blah.  

HOWEVER, the meal did improve - the tortillas, beans and salsa were wonderful alternatives to bread and tapenede (the beans were to die for).  And our entrees (scallops with fried avocado and a tomatilla (sp?) sauce and a beef tenderloin so decadent and smooth, it had the texture of butter) were more than adequate to compensate for our failed starter.  Neither my companion nor I were too hungry, so we passed on dessert, but I can attest to the most enjoyable character of their cocktails (try the prickly pear margarita).  

Not sure if I'd return to this restaurant on a return visit to Scottsdale (as the hotel now has one headed up by Michael Mina), but it was a nice experience highlighted with a lovely room.
I was sick!  I came home with leftovers!  I would do this again and again!  This was the best!  I was told to come here from a friend and man was it the right choice!  The food was outstanding.  The only complaint is I only had one sitting.  The Suckling pork was great, but funny enough not the best.  The four of us had ordered apps, salads and soups and main courses, and had to stop on each serving to take it home, and we still had more to take home when all was said and done.  The spinach salad was to die for and I will be trying to make that at home.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the steak was cooked perfectly and the service was fantastic!  In fact, I read reviews before I left expecting less and got way more!  This morning we are making Suckling Pork omelets and for lunch, making steak sandwiches.  If you read anything about this place that is negative, then try it again - again, you can B*&^h, about places all day long, but really - good food is subjective, but well crafted food is unusual.  This placed - more so for a hotel restaurant, deserves a 5 star rating.  

As for being a personal Zagat or Berlitz reviewer, people take Yelp way to serious on all the details.  Sure - you can find this or that to complain about and knock a star or three off, but in the end, honestly try to read reviews with a grain of salt and get out and try new places.  We do and wow - we loved it!  Again - enjoy your time here and make this one of the stops you go to.
flavorful, gourmet, worth-your-money Spanish/Mexican food! 5/5

I was blown away by the wonderful, delicious meal from La Hacienda last weekend. We started the meal with platter of fried cheese and spinach salad. They were good! For entree, I got a huge plate of sucking pig with thick, creamy sauce on the side. J got a steak. Both of our entree was just delicious! Of course, we each ordered a glass of La Hacienda margarita. They are to die-for! Thick, sour, sweet, lemon-ish margarita. For dessert, we had a glass of banana, creamy rice pudding topped with caramel... great grand finale for a great dinner.
Prickly Pear Margaritas were ordered by my best friend and her mom-I had to join the party and ooh what a party it was!  YUMM!!  

I have to say that I have never had food like this!  I absolutely LOVED the authentic Spanish/Mexican wonderland of flavors which danced (not literally) on my plates.

Following the Prickly Pear party, I enjoyed the most amazing spinach salad: Spinach and Frisee Salad, Sweet and Spiced Pecans, Goat Cheese Croquette with Warm Chorizo Dressing - I want it now!!

Who would have thought that goat cheese in a croquette could be so decadent?  

The other members of my party enjoyed the tomato salad, and the chilled avocado soup.  We were all pleased as we moved onto the main course.  My best friends dad went with the suckling pork and I loved my oven roasted chicken.

Atmosphere: We went on a Sunday night so it was very very quite and intimate.  I can imagine it being much more alive on a weekend evening.  
Price: I think it was up there but thanks to visiting parents, I was able to dodge this one!
Food: Outstanding

I cannot believe I am just the 6th person to review this...lets go Yelpers I know you will LOVE this!
5 stars strictly for the $5 craps all night long.  I've never lost money on a craps table at binions.  in fact, i've made pretty good money.  IN FACT, i think of the craps tables at binion's as my second job.  i don't go in asking myself if i am going to win or lose money, i ask myself, "how much money are you going to win tonight, laura?"  because that is the attitude of someone who WINS at craps.  and in life.  except for that second part, everything i said above is true.  sorry, True.

my advice: get your spot at a table and hold on to it for dear life even if some drunken frat boys are yelling things like, "hey red!  you better move your ass or i'll move it for you!"  don't deal with these schmos...you're not here to flirt, you're here to win so block them out and get into the craps ZONE.  either that or have one of the dealers call security.  seems like everytime i'm here, there is either a lewd comment made in my general direction or a body part is groped by one of these charmers.  don't worry, the dealers are more than happy to kick their drunk asses out so don't hesitate to yell, "hey, Ernie!  can you get these yahoos outta here...i'm here to gamble, not to babysit!  i know you know!"  once the fray boys are gone...it's time to play CRAPS!

more advice: don't go to the craps table (even the $5 all night crap table) with less than $100.  this is a game you have to go into big (um $100 is big to me i work in non profit so LAY OFF!!!) to win even bigger.  don't worry, it will all pay off.  half of this is a mental game...you are an athlete (albeit a drunk, fat one), picture the win.  make it real.  always bet at least $6 on the 6 & 8 and don't forget to back up your bet on the pass line with at least $5 ($6 if the mark is a 5 or 9!)  Listen...craps is the most fun and best odds of any vegas game (i think tied with black jack which requires some skill so fuck that!) and it's not that hard...it just can look intimidating.  grab your spot at the table, trade a couple of quips with the awesome dealers, ALWAYS tip (you watch their backs, they'll watch yours, capiche?) and don't go heavy on the free drinks.  remember, you're here to win.  not to have a good time.  oh...and if a table is cold, just leave.  walk away.  the number one mistake of a new gambler is not leaving a cold table.  ooh ooh...when you get to a table, ask the dealers, "is this table hot, boys?"  THEY LOVE THAT!  um, this helps if you are a young woman and flashing a bit of clevage.  actually, maybe it's the clevage they like. i would not recommend doing this if you are a dude.  this is vegas, they will not hesitate to take you out back and kill you.  actually, i don't know if that's true but i like to think that it is.   

i have made over $1,000 playing craps at binions. i don't want to be the only one.  i am sharing this information with you so that you may go forward and win.  and to you i say: big money, no whammy!  mama needs a new pair of shoes!  winner winner (faux) chicken dinner!

p.s. feel free to email me for an extended list of ways to win big at craps.  i have many tips.  most of them legal.
Although this casino is downtown, it is still one of my fav's.  I absolutely LOVE the crap's and poker here.  And you can still get great food values and comp's.  Make your way downtown and play here!
I don't usually order prime rib - mostly porterhouse - but after seeing the size and quality of the prime rib at this place - OH MY GOD.  It was some of the best looking, tasting steak I've had.  Easily two inches thick with the bone attached.  If you need your meat fix, this is the place.  

Rest of the food is the standard steakhouse fare - iceberg wedges, tomatoes and onions, etc. but it is all good.

You'll have to make your way to the old downtown but, hey, it's always good to get off the strip - for any reason.
I loved Binion's until they got bought out by Harrah's Entertainment in 2004.  It was the classic downtown casino for me.  

It was a great place to learn how to play craps, especially when they had $0.50 craps - with the ugly brown chips and crusty old local dudes that were always so grumpy and serious, as they were pissing away their social security checks down here.   Ahh, the old days...

Much of the old charm of Binion's has been replaced by the "corporate" culture of Harrah's.  If I had to spend time downtown, I'd either play at Golden Nugget (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/BIBWGO_r_1znnlmLbp4Nxg ), which feels more like the upscale action on the Strip, or Main Street Station (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/if59L5DHM4pPMrCx9HuD8A ), which I believe has the BEST ambiance because of old cowboy western theme.  Unfortunately, Binion's has lost it's charm and appeal in it's later days.   

Pros:
+ convenient parking
+ free parking validation by the cage
+ low ceilings

Cons:
- can be extremely smokey

#214
Definitely a great casino.  Many of the places on Fremont St. are a bit musty, but there's tons of hardwood and fresh air at Binion's.  This place was one of my favorites.

I may be a bit biased since this place is where the Big Game use to be played and is the birth place of the World Series of Poker.  If you're into poker go back and check out the Poker Hall of Fame and the wall with the pictures of all the WSOP winners.  And take note, that douche Jaimie Gold doesn't have his picture up, because he's a disgrace to the game of Poker.  

They've got a real nice poker room, the low limit No Limit Hold'Em game is a min/max buy-in of $100 with $1/$2 blinds.  A bit high for me, so I was a little intimidated playing with $100 on the line....
  Until I caught QUAD QUEENS on only my second hand!!!!! (That's four of a kind, and *very* rare for you slot players keeping score at home.)   I played the hand like a retard because I was playing scared, but I got lucky to win my fifty bucks.  The rake is really low, even in the small stakes games, and they give prizes for high hands.  I got a little plastic lighter with a Binion's Horseshoe logo for my 4-o-Kind.  I figure you get t-shirts and jackets when you get straight flushes.  

The place had a really classy, yet welcoming feel to it.  It's not like the MGM Grand where you feel like if you've only got $100 in your pocket you're out of place.  The place reminded me of a bar I use to go to.  The decor was nice and stylish.  I'll have to see if any of my pictures turned out.  

Any ways, if you're the type that hangs out on the strip all the time, come by here.  Make sure to walk out at the top of the hour for the Freemont Street Experience light show.
I'm going to give it 5 stars just for being the only place we found all weekend with a $5 pai gow table so I could gamble with some friends that didn't really come to gamble.  Every other place (and we went through a ton of casinos) were $10 min on the weekend.
Sin city?  I beg to differ... not as long as Binion's Steakhouse is around.  Binion's came highly recommended to me by my parents... so on our last trip to Vegas, my husband, family and friends and I took the trek to the old part of L.V.  It's sort of a sketchy area.  Not a place I would like to stay for the whole weekend, but wow.  Located on the 24th floor, Binion's offers a beautiful view of Las Vegas, and the food is delicious!  I ordered the halibut, while my husband opted for the highly acclaimed 'chicken fried lobster.'  The halibut was probably the best I have ever had.  And, my husband LOVED the chicken fried lobster.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants a fantastic meal with a great view of the city of lights.
I only play poker here and they have the best poker room in the downtown area.
I also love their poker tournaments. They have 6 a day.
I'm only writing for the hotel portion.
Horrible.  Awful.  Smelly.  Uncomfortable.
but.... for $58 on a weekend, i guess it had to do.
The bed was harder than if sleeping on the floor (which you didnt want to do by the way).  Oh and the bed had rubber sheets!   
The water in the shower barely came drizzling out.
The decor was circa 1963 and never upgraded.  
The oldest tv ever was in this room.  It was barely a color television.
No extra blankets or pillows.  Two super thin, used a million times towels were given.  
Oh, and only the best part.... they give you Jhirmack Shampoo! haha
If you're starved for some beginner's luck, if the Strip has sucked every last dime out of your linty pockets, then head downtown and throw some money at Binion's.

Sign up for their player's card and get $10 in free slot play.  Low table minimums, low ceilings, tons of slots, and a tasty looking food counter--this place is a classic.

Here's how kind Binion's was to us:  Wife hit $80 slot payout playing her free $10 credit.  Wife hit $60 roulette payout after playing for five minutes on a $2 table.  I hit $500 payout on a $0.25 video poker machine after playing for ten minutes on a $20 bill, this while wife hit $60 pot on Wheel O' Fortune slot.  Thank you, Binion's!  We love you, Binion's!
i agree with most of the reviewers....binions is a good place to play. especially when it's with other peoples money!!! hence the players card that offers $10 free credit when you sign up. since it was only ten bucks and i was giving up hope on all the other slots.......i headed to some cutesy little slots that had about seven different reels all spinning & a bonus game. these machines were penny slots and they were loud, colorful, and exciting..........just the way i like them. i think they were called hot hot penny......but anyway, i ended up playing with that ten bucks for about 2 hours!!!! not putting in a dime of my money! i ended up walking away with $120 and that was all from the $10 free play!!!! man i love casinos like this!!!! definitely a must for the slot lovers.
Binion's a place for lovers? 

Yup it's true. Binion's that hard scrabble gambling hall downtown, is maybe the most romantic spot in Vegas. At least for me. 

I asked my wife to marry me at the Bellagio Fountains, we got married at Caesars, but Binion's is the spot that does it for me. 

We were sitting at the Binion's Snack Bar. Which we love almost as much as we love the Coffee Shop downstairs.  Anyways, we were sitting there enjoying a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, when a very elderly lady asked me if she could sit down at the counter next to me. 

"Of course," I said, and moved my food over a little. Then she turned and helped her even more elderly husband to the chair.  Everyone knew the couple, they all asked how he was doing. He obviously was not doing too well. But he said something to the effect of, "I'd complain, but who would listen!"

The couple sat down and ordered two bowls of the snack bar's famous Hobo Stew. Here is a link to a pdf of the menu of the snackbar. 
http://www.binions.com/dining/snackbarmenu.pdf

They talked to the cooks about their kids, about the cooks' kids, about life in general.  After they were finished, the lady helped him to his scooter and one of the cooks called out, "See ya next week." The gentleman responded, "I'm not making any guarantees but I sure hope so." 

Well turns out this couple had been coming to binions, every week for over 40 years. Sitting at this same counter, ordering that same hobo stew.  As we watched them go away, my wife said, "Think that will be us someday?" 

I said, "if we are really really lucky honey, it will be."
The Binion's Casino is great. I played blackjack (and maybe some video poker) all night, and I loved it. The dealers are friendly and the cocktail waitresses are nice, it's just a great place.


The hotel, however, could be nicer. When we first checked in, I was very dismayed to hear that the pool was closed due to remodeling. I'm not a huge pool person. I don't care what the pool looks like, I don't want to swim very long, and I slather myself in sunscreen so I can avoid getting a tan. However, I was coming from a very long and cold winter in Chicago, and I wanted some freaking sun time. Denied.

I figured it was only one night though. I went up to the room and fell on the bed. I didn't notice until after a few minutes, but within a foot of my face, there were 2 tears and 5 cigarette burns on the bedspread. Gross! The next morning, the sun shone through a bunch of holes in the curtains. I added a picture above, if you're interested.

Oh, and there's no hairdryer in the bathroom. I thought they were standard now, but apparently not.
This is THE place to go if you're playing poker.  They run their tournaments flawlessly thanks to their amazing staff.  You'll find me there during their smaller buyin tournament series during the WSOP.
I stayed here May 17th and it was nice to have a room right in Downtown, where I spend most of my time in Vegas. The drive isn't that bad but I just want to get there asap, so when I do make it, at least the check-in shouldn't take so long! But it did! There was one gal on duty on a Saturday night and it seemed like it took forever! Finally up in the room I really dug that old furniture in there! I've seen bedroom sets like that at the Goodwill! hehe.. It was basic but nice to be in from the heat. The pool was closed for remodelling, damn, but the bed was comfy. The next morning the maid knocked on my door at 9am!! I was still asleep, thank you, but she poked her head in anyway! Geez check-out isn't until 12, give me a break! No way was I up at 9am. Yeah it's a funky place and the service is a bit off, the noise from Fremont St. can get loud, but I still like the funky rooms with turquoise bedspreds and I brought a dress that matched the hotel! A little red lipstick and everything was ok again. -1 star for waking me up and -1 star for keeping me waiting and not letting me know the pool was closed. I'd stay again for $69 though!
FYI im giving this place 5 stars not because its a Four Seasons type of place, it ges a fine rating based on value, location and quality service....i recently spent 4 days at Binions and it was great....clean rooms with coffee machine and plenty of room......make sure to watch at least one local newscast a day...the news is Crazy in Las Vegas with lotsa wacky personalities on the air.....our room had a makeup mirror/nook thingy...muy fancy...we had a view of the Fremont St Experience and it was a great view of the Strip at night....the Coffee Shop has great food at a great price with excellent service..we had an excellent gentleman named Andrew who was the consummate professional and really was an all around great server.. ...i would recommend the Prime Rib Special...actually my pik shows me right before digging into it!..notice the shock when i see how much food is in front of me.....its not a healthy meal at all but it is a guilty pleasure....Binions gaming is good with plenty of gaming from slots to table games...i recommend going to the bar that is open at night on Fremont St and purchase a drink in a souvenir glass....either the bubble pilsner glass or my personal favorite...the plastic football that they fill with beer....it is a great way to start the night off....the service all around this place was great...everyone was friendly and helpful.....this place is such a great value....i cant wait to go back.......UPDATE....

we just came home from a 4 day trip and once again, Binions doesnt let us down.....Check in was a breeze, prolly took 4 minutes even though it was a late check in....the room was roomy, clean and the a/c was great....last year the pool was not open but this year....it was!....a great pool on the top of the hotel with a great view....i stayed in so long i sunburned like a lobster.....the Coffee shop still has great specials and my fav is the Prime Rib!.....so good i had it twice.....the service was excellent and i was even lucky to have Andrew, the best server downtown if not all of vegas...class act!....the gaming was good to us and we spent alot of time enjoying the place.....for an inexpensive alternative to mega-pricey strip hotels, this is it...plus its downtown location makes it close to mardis gras everynight!....i loved seeing everyone with yardglasses, getting smashed and having fun...which is what lifes allabout!
Stayed for 3 nights in September, Price was great, Room was clean and big. Was on Fremont so was close to everything. Valet was great and fast. Was under some construction but that ok as lots of help from staff.

Front desk staff was very very helpful. The online reservation I made 2 months prior was made with a company that went bankrupt last month. The front desk staff was great and gave me a better price online and helped me get my CC card free of charge.
I appreciate nostalgia as much as the next gal, but ewwwwww. Stupid me, thought that we could just stroll up to the Golden Nugget at 1am on Friday. Stupid, stupid me. So, after being turned away at the front desk, we plodded outside, tried to make some phone calls and decided to stay at Binion's. I'll repeat: ewwwwww.

I'm definitely not a clean freak, but that bed had a comforter on that couldn't have been manufactured before 1987. And all I could think about were the twenty years of hair, bodily fluids, alcohol, and vermin that must have accumulated on this comforter. Double freaking ewwww.

Thumbs Up:
-Cheap and available, but so are a lot of things  it doesn't mean I want them.

Thumbs Down:
-Stains on the floor.
-Two lousy pillows on each bed.
-Years and years and years of things accumulated on the bedding.
-Gross. Really, just...ewwwwww.
I guess it's an OK vintage establishment on Fremont St. with lots of history behind it, but did the security guard really have to chase away the old wino who was nice enough to hail a cab for us at 3AM???  That wasn't very friendly of Binion's security squad.
...we stayed there Dec 29th and 30th...I will return! I love Fremont St so much better than the Strip nowadays, vintage Vegas and family friendly if you can look past the street pple....not hard to do. The coffee shop serves up some excellent grub for any meal at cheapo prices! Make sure you do not get a room on the Fremont St side if you are kept up by noise easily as the Fremont St Experience runs every hour on the hour till midnight and it is LOUD...but I was too exhasusted to let it really bother me...all staff was friendly and the rooms were clean and comfy...I'd go back when we can take advantage of the roof top pool area.
Binion's was always my favorite place to gamble when I'm downtown.

I was recently there, and got my picture taken with the million dollars.  It's free to get the photo.  You just have to wait 30 minutes to pick it up.

I also got several match coupons at the player's card desk.  Be warned if you get it, too:  the blackjack/crap tables won't let you play unless you go to the cashier, show your I.D. and get the REAL coupon.  THAT was a real drag.

But, other than that, you can find single deck blackjack, craps odds that are terrific, and great drink service at the slots and table games.
A return trip, based on the memory of the last time here, was a bit of a disappointment.  Food didn't seem as good and the service a little slower but the kicker was a, shall we say, less than clean water glass.   Made me wonder about the rest of the place and whether this is why the lights are kept low.
Classic place to go gambling and it plays host to a lot of the world poker tournaments.  This place has got a lot of history from the old days of Las Vegas.  Table games are cheap too so if your bank roll is low, then go here.  

As for the hotel, the rooms are not soundproofed so good luck trying to get some sleep (bring ear plugs).  You'd be right next to the Fremont Experience, with all the noise and sounds from the light show and from the concerts that go on during the night.  Plus, the rooms have not been refurbished like the ones at El Cortez or California Hotel so you end up feeling kinda dirty when you sleep there.  Did I mention the parking?  Yeah, the parking situation is pretty retarded, you gotta park across the street and then you can only get your ticket validated at the front desk every time you park. There's no parking pass even if you're a hotel guest for several days. So since usually there's a line of people trying to check in, check out, or whatever, you'd have to wait there a long time for validation.  Come on Binion's, what kinda business are you guys conducting here...seriously now.  Make it more efficient so you don't waste people's time losing money at your casino!

Overall I give the gambling experience 2 stars, but the hotel is what killed it for this place.  So come for some gambling, but definitely don't stay for the hotel.
the casino's pretty good.  low-roller friendly, some pretty good looking lady dealers there too.  you can get a free picture with a million bucks and they don't try to hard sell you anything when you go to pick it up.  classy!
Let's see, the couple I met here with my friend came from Hungary and they were all too willing to buy drinks for the two of us. Gin and tonic after gin and tonic, I didn't realize people visiting Vegas could be so kind. I think it was the atmosphere and as my friend said (he doubtfully could have recited his name he was that drunk) the best burger he's ever had. I love the open feel of the place and that it's in Old Vegas where all the interesting folks come to hang out. Definitely a must visit.
i wanna try a room someday. a classic, historic institution.  i enjoy the $3 minimum on their craps tables before the sun goes down. cool staff. cool slots.  old school good times. major hotties dealing black jack by the craps tables.
Binion's is one of the six or seven Fremont Street casinos, and like all the rest has pretty much the same decor and feel on the inside.  Their two draws are a huge Cadillac parked just inside with bull horns on the front (great for cheesy pictures), and if you're there between 11:00 and 5:00,  you can have your picture taken with one million dollars (underneath two inches of bulletproof glass, of course) in hundreds.  The photo is free, they'll print it for you and give it to you in a little folder.

My major gripe with this place is the late-night diner, which is run by the worst group of skinflints imaginable... so much so that I walked out after they refused to substitute anything for the pork they served in one of their breakfast specials.  And the Dunkin' Donuts is even worse... the dirtbag behind the counter charged me MORE for a small coffee than a medium coffee would have been in a combo, even though I got the combo.  His response to me asking why he overcharged me?  "You ordered a small coffee. I don't make the prices."  You know what else you don't make, jackass?  A tip, or any repeat business.  Avoid this crap and head up the street.  There's always something open if you look hard enough.
This place holds a special place in my heart. 

My uncle promised me when I was 10 that he would take me to Vegas when I turned 21. Clearly, I don't forget anything.

So I went my parents and uncle. After they hit the sack at 2 am I still wanted to hit the town. Luckily on Fremont this is a bit more safe than the strip so I walked over to Binion's from the Nugget and went to town alone on the crap's table. The dealer were pretty cool in helping me learn the game. I had a horrible luck but the guy next to me kept winning off my rolls so he kept me going with a few chips. 

All in all a pretty awesome experience. If you want an old Vegas experience check this place out!
If I could give this hotel a negative star rating, I would. Binion's is foul & disgusting. The carpets were filthy, the walls were filthy, even the air smelled filthy. We made reservations for two nights and only made it through one hellish night in our broom-closet-sized room. We lost the money we had already paid, but it was worth it to get out of this time warped white trash den.

Only stay at Binion's if you absolutely have to, for instance if someone held a gun to your head and forced you. Spend a little more money and stay in a decent place.

Also, if you do have the misfortune of staying at Binion's, don't expect a TV made after 1970 (or one that plays shows other than Lawrence Welk--I'm not kidding either). Don't expect a comfortable bed or a decent night's sleep with the AC unit practically rumbling off the wall.
This place is a must-see in downtown, but what a dump.  I have parked there many times when I go downtown for the evening and the parking lot alone is one of the filthiest places on earth.  

Inside, it isn't much better with dingy carpet, smoke-filled air, and some of the oldest looking "stuff" in Vegas.  However, I keep going back because there is something special about the place.  I even ran into my old college roommate there around 3am one morning.

Binion's is located right along the Fremont Street Experience, which is worth seeing.  If you want somewhere to gamble and have a drink while waiting for the show, this is a pretty good spot.

On Mother's Day 2007, I dropped a $20 bill in a $1 slot machine for my mother.  I told my girlfriend that if the machine hit during the first 10 spins ($2 per spin) I would mail the proceeds to my mother.  On the 8th spin, I hit a small jackpot in the amount of $600.  The machine started playing music and I called and awakened my mother in Atlanta to hear the sweet sound.  She was happy!  I mailed her a check, along with one of the coins that spilled out of the machine (yes, it is super old school here - no tickets).  She bought a piece of jewelry because I told her she had to spend it on something she normally wouldn't buy.  That was a fun night!  After I left, I went to another dump, The Plaza, and won on a different machine.  I kept that one.
Magnavox.  It's all about the 13" Magnavox TV's circa 1979.  It still works but sure is crappy.   We spent 15 bucks on a room and was upgraded to a suite (I mean we did spend some big bucks on the room).  The room was old, but clean and still functions like that Magnavox in the room.  The bathrooms were clean (we had 2 in our VIP suite) :)  However the couch belongs in a dumpster and not  a hotel.

Overall it met my expectations which were minimal for a $15 a night room.
I didn't stay at the hotel. However, if you are looking for blackjack that offers some good odds to the play then this is a good place to start. Five dollar, single deck blackjack with a five hundred dollar limit on the table treated me pretty fairly for half a day. Started with a great dealer and upped my pot by about 200 dollars in half an hour. House brought in a crabby dealer so I colored up and moved on. Jack and coke is 2.99 if you aren't gambling. Far cry from the 11 dollar drinks on the strip. Dealers are helpful to the uninitiated.
I really enjoy the Fremont Street experience. 
The downtown has a whole different feel from the strip. 
It is unique and mostly - a lot of fun.
Binion's is right in the middle of the action.

Binions is a "fun" place to gamble. The dealers are experienced vegas people and the craps table workers are excellent.
The bars always have one or two beers that can be had for $2.00.

I have always been given a nice room, not huge - but very nice ...
especially for the price.
My room always seems to overlook the big  screen and  is usually located right above one of the two stages for free music on the street.

I would give Binion's a four star rating, except for the fact that the self parking seems like a "mile" away friom the casino.
It is not easy to get to the casino and hotel from the parking lot.

The other reason for only three stars is there is very little food selection here.
Binion's once had a great little burger shop, but the sale of the property  a few years ago elimninated that fun little old style burger spot.

Binion's, just because of it's place in Vegas history, is a must stop for you on a visit to Las Vegas. 
Check out the World Series of poker wall of winners
and enjoy the experience of old style Las Vegas.
The classic WSOP hotel.

I stayed at during a weekday for $20/night.  Obviously does not have all the frills, but definitely a good deal for the price I paid.  The rooms were clean.  Has everything you need.  Good poker room downstairs.   

Great place to stay, a classic, and for a great price.
So I'm from Vegas and I view staying at hotels in Vegas as a bit of a novelty now...as such I'm trying to hit all the downtown hotels and casinos. I had a photo shoot this past weekend and needed to spend the night in Vegas so I looked at what was available. I often stay at The Artisan off Sahara (I'll post a review) and it was the same price as Binion's but I had never stayed at Binion's before, it was on my list of places to try and I wanted to meet up with all my friends to go drinking so it was the right location. The casino itself is pretty cool-and definitely worth checking out. The staff were lavishly dressed in tshirts for a Halloween event and all were really friendly and helpful. Parking is a bit of a walk away if you have bags though so bear this in mind before you start the hike. There's a burger/hotdog lunch counter off the casino floor that is pretty rad-reminds me of the old K-mart lunch counters.

OK so that's about where the coolness ends. I know there's a lot of people that love this place and overlook the rooms-and yeah, when you're in vegas you're not going to be in the room a lot unless you're entertaining the local ladies of leisure so there's not much reason to complain about the rooms BUT. This may have been the dingiest, worn out, and uncomfortable room I've stayed in since college. The bed was like a sheet of plywood, the carpet looked worse than the carpet on the casino floor, the wallpaper was from the 80's and there was the ubiquitous iron burn in the floor which I found ironic because there's NO iron in the room....maybe one begot the other. 

All in all unless you're staying there during an event (I did) the rooms are ridiculous cheap. Even when there's something special going on the rooms are really cheap....but the only way the room is worth it is if you're almost not paying for it.....

Do it...be brave....
I went to the buffet here and was appalled, repelled, flabberghasted, and lots of other big words with negative conotations. I have to pay at a buffet-type restaurant AFTER I eat? I really hate that because I can just feel the surveillance dudes watching me on the 1,001 cameras to make sure I don't skip out. At a buffet, please let me pay FIRST!! I went here because I heard they had crawfish which I hadn't tasted since I was living in Louisiana when I was little. These crawfish were not kept cold enough and had a rubbery taste as they were sitting on hard unfresh ice that had melted into itself. Maybe the ice was scared of the big mean cook staring me down with a sour look on his face as he stood behind the frozen station. The clam chowder soup was like milk and the whole time I was there, the bread and cracker baskets were not refilled once! The mashed potatoes resembled cream-of-wheat and the desserts were stale and crusty. The only good thing was the adequate cost (it better be) and, surprisingly, that my servers were nice and brought me my drinks promptly. But I knew very soon that this was not a place I was ever going to visit again (even though I live in Vegas). These restaurants (or at least the immediate managers therein) have got to realize that there are too many other eateries where people can go to enjoy a meal; a person doesn't have to put up with this sort of thing - I certainly won't.
I've been to Vegas 11 times and never to Freemont and finally I got here on this trip.  Freemont in general is like the most fun flea market/casino I've ever been to.  Binions was top of my list while down there.  It's old and beat up a bit, but who cares everyone at this place was yelling and screaming and having fun.  The cocktails came frequently while at the 5 dollar minimum tables and I really felt I got my moneys worth while playing there.
Binion's closed its hotel on December 14th! 

I found this out while looking for a place to stay. The Horseshoe is finally closing down again... The casino will still be open though. It's kind of sad, but my one and only experience with their hotel was horrible. The prices are cheap, but I didn't expect to get a tiny, haunted looking room. Haha! Other than that I'm sure you can find some cheap and better rooms around the downtown area.
Definitely the worst hotel experience I've ever had. My bf and I planned to stay here 3 nights the week before we moved to Vegas in Sept 2009, to look at apartments and such. We booked Binion's because we like Downtown and it was only $17/night. I'm a fan of the vintage look, so going down the hotel hallways was a blast from the past, but the beds are basically cots. I'm not picky about mattresses but you could feel EVERY spring in these cots, it was difficult to fall asleep. So after having fallen asleep the first night, we hear the fire alarm go off around 8 am the next morning. We were extremely distraught. The fire alarm has an individual speaker in every room and it is VERY loud, it's deafening. We were told over the speaker that it was a false alarm. So alright, whatever, we go back to sleep. About 45 minutes later it happens again, only to continue for the rest of our stay...

Our second day there the alarm goes off almost nonstop. It goes off every now and then in the early afternoon, and a few hours later it is literally going off at LEAST every 10-20 minutes. My bf couldn't take a phone call for a few minutes without the alarm interrupting. We learn that the fire department is there trying to fix the alarm, which in turn just makes it go off constantly. We tried to stay away from our room as much as possible. We sleep there a second night and the alarm goes off here and there throughout the evening and night.

The next day my boyfriend can't take it anymore and we decide to leave a day early. The alarm goes on and on and on as we pack up our crap as quickly as possible. He tries to get a refund when we check out, or some kind of acknowledgment of care for their guests, but they refused to do anything but try to comp us a meal (but staying in the building was too unbearable; you could hear the alarm going off while on the casino floor, walking on Fremont St, or even while driving by Binion's). Getting a refund wouldn't have been about the money, it was extremely cheap to stay there. It's just our entire stay was so HORRIBLE he wanted some kind of compensation and got nothing.

The cherry on top was when I had a tasty burger at their cafe place but ended up getting sick on it (and I RARELY get sick on food). This is another reason we did not take the offer for a comped meal, I did not want to get sick on Binion's food again. Thanks for the uncomfortable stay!
The Hotel -- finally -- is (permanently) closed.
Never stayed in a room here, in fact I believe it's currently closed for renovations.  This review is strictly for the casino!

Fun, fun place located in old town Vegas.  I loved the electronic blackjack on the big screen TV here with the $3 dollar minimums.  Even though it was electronic, the chicks on the screen were so HOT!!!  We stopped in here after midnight on a weeknight and there were quite a few people, it soo felt like this is what Vegas is suppose to be about.  Lots of drunks, low on life looking people gambling their lives away here and have a damn good time.  It also didn't hurt that I won here so that sure helped my impression of this place.  Overall, it was a nice change from the strip where everyone is dressed their finest even while gambling in the casino.  This is the place where folks high five and cheer each other on the craps table!  The excitement alone here is 100x better than gambling on the strip....
Nice place to play... got on a great winning streak playing mini bac.  A great historic hotel and casino.
I loved this place. Not only are all the girls super sexy and talkative but their all sweet. The staff had no problem taking some time to explain how to play and how to bet. I won a couple times on the roulette and had a great time. The bets are low $1 minimum which was GREAT! most places due a minimum of $10! Spent most of my weekend coming back to this place....definitely gotta visit again soon.
My review of Binion's is strictly for the casino area.

AMAZING!

My fiance and I had stayed across the street at the GN, but was disappointed with the $10 minimums at each table they had.  We really wanted to play table games, but didn't want to fork out that much on the front end (at first).  We decided to walk across the street to Binion's and check out this old beast.

The lurking smell of cigars and cigarettes, along with whiskey filled breaths made this casino feel like the real deal; the whole reason I chose to stay on the old strip.  A little bit of trash, with a little bit (or hardly any) class.

Before setting foot at the tables, I really needed to pass the fluids accumulating from hours worth of binge drinking.  When asking a random employee where the restroom was located, I was pointed in the general direction, PLUS they walked me to the location!  WOW!  This was not the only time that a staff member did this.  Another time we were trying to find the elevator to the steakhouse (which we did not eat at in the long run) and the employee walked us all the way through the casino to the elevator.  I was thoroughly surprised at this random act of kindness and help.

Tables here are cheap.  Flat out.  I played $5 blackjack, roulette, and let it ride.  Being fairly new to let it ride, the dealer proceeded to assist with my first few hands, advising me on my next moves (which in this case made sense since I was playing the house and NOT the dealer).  I was up on let it ride.  Went and sat at a blackjack table and was UP AGAIN.  Decided it was time to move to roulette.  Was UP AGAIN!  I stayed in this casino for nearly 4 hours spending my hard earned money on pure debauchery.  Drink service was prompt at the roulette table, but not so much at blackjack and let it ride.

To say the least, I left pretty intoxicated, up in money, and had the best night of my whole vacation at this little joint.
Binion's smells like a dirty shoe & cheap whiskey but it somehow has that classic warm Las Vegas charm unlike any other Casino.

A really sweet, dirty & funky old shoe. 

Would I wash my hands with rubbing alcohol after touching the slot machines here? Yes... but it's so worth the burn! 

Seriously though. Binion's is a really good time. 

- You have a classic casino on Fremont street in Downtown Vegas

- Black Jack tables with dealers dressed as Cute Cowgirls

- Nothing Fancy & Showy. Just Comfy & Classic.

- Old School Chain Smoking, 70's Clothing Wearing Slot Machine Dudes

- Sweet, 80 year Old Waitress's with Glossy Stripper Hair

My fiance and I spent most of the night playing "FIREBALL" here on the Slots. Our favorite game of the weekend. We won $100 and I swear... that sweet 80 year Old Waitress was our good luck charm.

I'm on to you Binion's... you have a little 4'5 angel working on the floor.

Thanks Darla'   ;-)
Back in the 80s this was the place to play craps. You could go to any of the tables and see any number of sharpshooters making throws that would beat the odds. I cannot count myself as one of those except some soul one time saw the dice being given to me and decided to place a 3-4 inch stack of green chips on the hard 6 and 8 it looked like a skyscraper out there on the table. Suffice it to say I hit the hardways three times on that roll and in the end they were paying this guy in yellow chips I still don't know why this guy. Would take a chance like that, by the way I never made my point and he tipped me about $100 during the roll i remember him shouting some green for the shooter.
Casino only review:

I needed to waste some time between shows last night, so I stopped at Binion's for a little video poker.  It was a successful effort as I didn't lose my shirt nor anything else.

While the place could certainly use some upgrading, I find that Binion's is more than just an OK place.  Cocktail service has always been fast.  I also have learned where to play so that I have a ringside seat to watch the sexy cowgirls--the dealers that Lily D talks about in her review.  The dealers wear skimpy cowgirl uniforms that give some serious views.
Sometimes it's hard to concentrate on VP when you're eyeing the dealers going by.  They are attractive thangs!

Because of the good eye candy at Binions, it gets an extra star to bring it to 4 stars.  The ladies have earned it!
I don't usually do cheap...but got talked into staying here by friends. If you like your feet to stick to the floor, holes in you rooms walls, and lots and lots of noise in your room at night from thin walls and slamming doors, this is the place for you! Never saw anyone win at slots here - actually didn't see that many people even playing slots here. However, the table games are plentiful. There is a deli that's like an old fashion dime store counter where the food is halfway decent and cheap. But they won't even charge to your room. Who does that??? This place is just seedy. It is cheap, but you get what you pay for! And dirty....soooo dirty.
The stars are for the burgers! Sometimes you have to wait in line but the burgers are like home made and the guy serving them is a throwback to when people had customer service and a personality. Every time I go it's for the burgers and not the gambeling. Besides they closed the hotel portion anyway.
Old Vegas.  You are really just a step above you're ugly cousin, Reno. 

But Binions...oh, Binions...

You are kind of like Ballys' skanky auntie.  You know, the one no one talks about since she came out of rehab.  The one who likes to wear all that flashy gold jewelry with open toe shoes and you know she hasn't had a pedicure in a few years.  THAT auntie.    

I sat in silence as I watched El Hub and friends play craps.  Of course this was after the picture taking adventure with the Mr. T little person standing outside.   I proceeded to observe two older ladies with matching fanny packs try their luck on the "QUEEN: FREDDY MERCURY" slot machine.  How many times can you hear "Another One Bites the Dust" over and over?  I wasn't willing to find out.  

Not really a breath of fresh air from Fremont St.
The thing I love about Binion's is the cheap tables and how nice and willing the dealers are to teach you how to play, as opposed to a bigger casino on the Strip (like at Paris..you better know what you're doing there). Anyways, I highly recommend experiencing downtown in general and definitely stop at Binion's for some old fashioned gambling! And try their steakhouse with one of the best views in Vegas.
legit!
Oh how I do love thee Binion's.  It's one of the last great old school casinos left, the dealers here are the best and always willing to help you learn a thing or two about the game.  It's cheap to buy in and easy to spend a few hours letting it ride on some of the best gambling in Vegas.  The decor is straightforward and old school flashing lights really make it feel like Vegas, there are a lot of neutral colors and the emphasis and your attention will be firmly focused on gambling.  

Great customer service and the best table games around.  The location is a lot of fun and not all touristy like the strip, this place is where the gamblers go to remember the beauty of Vegas before it went to pure tourism.  I love this place and feel it's one of the best Casinos in existence.  I will always continually support this place and hope more people will give it a chance.
Just got back from Vegas where I visited Binion's, and the casino is better lit and actually updated and much cleaner from my last trip here (feet didn't stick to the floor). They've closed the hotel, so I guess their concentrating on the casino. People were playing here and having fun. 

They'll take your photo in front of $1 million and give you as many copies (5x7) as you have people in the group. That was really cool. The deli is still there but prices have gone up so it's not the great deal it used to be. Didn't eat there so I can't review it. But all in all, this is an upgraded version and I've given it more stars. Keep up the good work:)
I hadn't given this casino a fair chance until my last trip. My fiance and I heard they had started a bingo hall and decided to go check it out. We had a really good time. They had a cocktail waitress serving drinks to everyone and she was fast! FYI they have really good pina coladas :)
We'll be taking another trip to Vegas next month and Binion's is definitely on our list of places to visit again!
Once upon a time, this place was the mecca for gamblers downtown....that was until Jack Binion gave it to his sister Becky.  Since then, it's been run down, closed, sold to Harrah's, the World Series of Poker moved to the Rio, and sold to another owner.....it's a shell of it's former self.  No longer is it worth the trip to see it.  Sad.

Return Factor - 10%
Most of the reviews of this place - good and awful - are accurate. Binion's IS Downtown Vegas. You either revel in it or think it's yucky. Count me as a reveler.
So lightfully tacky it's awesome! On the outside that is. The inside however is crowded and cramped and very smoky. BUT the $3 well drinks made it a better experience.
Looking for a gooood burger?  The Binion's Cafe has a nice one for $4.95.  Grilled to perfection.  It is a pre formed style patty but the fresh lettuce and tomato with sweet pickles make a nice combo on a freshly toasted bun perfect.

If you want fries with it, you have to pony up an extra $1.25 but worth it!  It is like stepping back in time.  "Old Vegas" lives at Binion's!
Want cheap loose slots come here to Binions. And take a picture with 1 milion dollars cool., I won here and love the old school non trendy atmoshphere. I have a new place to gamble. BINIONS
Thought it was going to be so cool to stay in old Vegas. I was excited & it was soooo cheap.

Ugh.

The room itself was okay.

The air conditioning as loud, but barely worked. There is no Internet capability.

Those are two deal breakers for me. I'll never be staying there again.

On the flip side, however, gambling there is fun - the atmosphere in old Vegas is definitely lax & exciting. Lots going on & many casinos to jump around to.
This casino wasn't one of my favorites. But I can assure you that it was my favorite casino downtown aside from the Golden Nugget. It was nice walking in this casino, felt very comfortable. I didn't have much luck gambling here, but I never do at any casino in Las Vegas so I didn't expect much here. All in all I wouldn't complain. They have a nice little cafe that I've heard was good, but never had a chance to try it out.

I can't rate other than it's appearance inside because I haven't roomed here. Just came here to hang out and play a few hands of paigow. It's not a big casino, but it is bigger than most on this street. I won't lie, if I do room anywhere off the strip, this would probably one of my top placed I would want to stay at. One other cool thing is that you can take a picture with 1million dollars. Probably the only place in Las Vegas you can do this. You can check out the pictures to see what I'm talking about.
This review is for the casino at Binions as I didn't stay in the hotel. 

My fiance and I decided to check out downtown Vegas. I had never been to old Vegas and I am a geek for history and dorky useless facts like seeing the first hotel in Vegas that had carpet installed which is Binions Horseshoe which is now called Binions. 

We came inside and it is what one expects. It is a gritty old casino that had seen better days. All the dealers are female and all wear cheesy cowboys hats with tight tank tops, little shorts, and cowboy boots. Imagine if Hooters went western. 

I couldn't believe my eyes when I caught a single deck 5 dollar blackjack table. My fiance and I sat down and played for roughly and hour and a half and had a ball. The dealers were all actually good looking ladies with great personalities. We had a great table with this nice guy in his fifties sitting next to me. He said that he makes the trip to Vegas every year and although he stays on the strip he only gambles in downtown Vegas. Drinks were free while gambling so we basically were entertained by a funny dealer, had free whiskeys, and talked it up with interesting people at the table. 

Gambling on the strip is a nightmare. 20 dollar minimum bets guarantees you a very short night of gambling unless you have a major budget. Black jack on the strip is also usually you against multiple decks. Not very fun. 

I rate this a four because not because it is a posh place but because it delivers on what it promises. Affordable and fun gambling with fun people and free drinks. Sounds like a nice combo to me.
I REALLY wanted to hold off on writing this review.  I actually do like this place, but its current state, however much I actually do like and frequent this casino....  Someone needs to give this place some TLC.

The interior is kind of fun, it's like you're going into one of those Old West saloons where the piano guy and sarsaparilla should be slung around, though I doubt the Old West had the aforementioned "sexy cowgirls" dealing out cards like that.  But I seriously doubt that they're going for historical accuracy here.  The staff as a whole, however, has always been very nice and helpful.

"It doesn't sound bad so far", you say, so what gives?

With the downturn in economy, they've shut down a LOT of areas in the casino.  For the longest time, it was all of the rooms (which were small, but not bad, and a comfortable bed).  

What hasn't come back, however, is their excellent Coffee Shop that shut down in 2009, where the food was consistently excellent with a familiar and top-notch staff, and even the casino's gift shop is gone.  They had a generic T-shirt shop over by the Coffee House that always looked like it was going out of business for years, but now it's taken over the other side of the casino, replacing the gift shop and the original check-in area.  It looks like they've turned a casino cashier cage into the new check-in place, and it just looks ghetto.

And there lies the problem with Binion's.  It doesn't look run down.  It's just that when you move past the main gambling floor that it starts looking closed down.  I understand self-preservation to stay open at all, but the place is always looking busy with gambling.  Certainly some of that revenue can help to restore some of that shine on the old girl.

I really hope things get better for this casino.  It's got old-style charm, a great location, and a lot of history going for it.  It deserves better.  It deserves to be restored.  If they can work on fixing up the Plaza, then it's time that Binion's owners take a note and do the same.
I love Binions!  They welcome our rowdy poker group every year and a unbelieveably nice, accommodating, professional and fun.  Okay, so the casino carpet has seen better days and I was allergic to the poker table (I sneezed all afternoon!) but it's such a warm and friendly place it's hard not to love it.
This review is ONLY for the Rooftop pool!!  I want to be CLEAR that I have no issues with the casino floor or hotel portion!  

On Saturday Sept 3rd, a group of us went to check out the rooftop pool and bar after the Howard Jones concert.  We all had VIP passes and the rooftop pool/bar put out an invite on Facebook that everyone with a VIP pass would receive their first drink free-so of course the group went to check it out!  

First of all, it's a nightmare to figure out the best way to get UP to the rooftop..we had to take 2 different elevators and only one friggin elevator was working to begin with!!  Now this isn't that big of a deal, but when you dangle the promise of a free drink in front of a crap-ton of people, maybe more elevators should be in working order?  

We finally made it up there-all of us in a great mood with smiles on our faces and ready to party!  I walked up to the bar, which had 2 men behind it.  I attempted to verify with the closest one (who appears to be a manager based off the difference in uniforms) that they are in fact offering a free drink if you show your VIP pass (cause I wouldn't want to assume!)  He shrugs and says he's pretty sure, but that the bartender will help us out.  He wasn't RUDE, but he wasn't inviting/warm/hospitable.  

So I asked the bartender the same question (even though he heard me ask the other guy and could have FAKED some customer service by ANSWERING with a simple YES or NO) and he says "Yes" in an extremely irritated tone of voice.  I then proceeded to order my drink (a vodka redbull).  He made sure to correct me that it isn't Redbull, but Monster energy drink that they have, to which I verbally stated "That's fine, I'll take that", but he just kind of stands there.  I stare at him, confused..he then tells me to "Order here" and points to a spot that is right in front of him and 2 feet to my left.  I stepped to the left, and wait patiently for the drink I thought I had already ordered to be made.  He looks at my group like we're a bunch of idiots and loudly asks "Okay?!  Well?  What do you guys want?"  I did a double take while my best friend orders a beer, figuring that would be an easy thing to get started on since apparently this is the most difficult task the bartender has ever encountered.  

Best friend gets her beer (without being charged mind you), so then I ask (again) for a vodka redbull.  Obviously that's my bad since he had already corrected me that it's MONSTER, not Red Bull.  I chuckled (still trying to salvage this entire experience) and say "Oh sorry, ok yes.  I will take a Vodka Monster."  He sighs and makes the drink.  Puts it down to the right of me (where I moved FROM when he originally asked me to move in front of him), so I pick it up and move out of the way.  He points at the drink and says "That will be $8.50."  I stare at him, thoroughly confused and ask why I'm being charged for what was supposed to be a free drink given I have the VIP pass that I ASKED HIM ABOUT NOT 5 MINUTES EARLIER.  He shakes his head irritatedly as if this is the first time I'm dropping this info on him and says "Well fine, it's $3.50 then for the Monster."  Without missing a beat I say, "Okay, then I'll take a vodka cranberry instead."  He shakes his head and says he already poured the drink and that it must be paid for.  I calmly inform him that he should have informed me that extra charge prior to making the drink since he knew we all had VIP passes and that was HOW we were procuring our drinks.  He still insisted that it must be paid for.  We went back and forth another 2 times-neither of us giving up any headway.  Meanwhile, the manager looking fellow is just watching.  Not stepping in, not mediating, nothing..

Luckily for everyone involved, another patron not with my group jumps in and says that he'll pay for the drink since it's what he wanted anyhow and the bartender actually shook his head NO!!  At that point I exclaimed loudly "Oh PERFECT!  Here you go sir", and I handed the drink to him and he pulled his cash out and proceeded to get rung up by the manager guy.  I then turned back to the bartender and asked for a vodka cranberry and the bartender begrudgingly made it.  The rest of my group ordered their drinks..and put AWAY the cash we had taken out for tip.  

The manager then pulled out a hole punch and reached for my VIP pass-luckily I pulled it out of his reach or something that *I* consider to be memorabilia would have been ruined.  I told him not to worry, that we were taking our business elsewhere so he didn't need to deface our property.  He nodded dismissively and we all walked away. 

I apologize for how long this review is, but I felt it was important to highlight how the bartender passed up multiple opportunities to provide good service (not even excellent or great service..just good service).
Love the old Vegas style Casinos, espeically this one.  Not too huge, great single deck blackjack, and located downtown Vegas! What more can I ask for.  
I have never stayed here, but always enjoyed visiting and gambling.
Where my momma works...
A true Las Vegas classic. Loud, roaring fun. Low table limits, excelllent staff that keeps the fun going. Every time in in Las Vegas  I spend a considerable amount of time in this great place. A must go when strolling down Fremont st.
This place is soooo Ghetto! The only reason I came here was because this Cigar lounge was inside this casino which ended up being a bust as well. This casino looks so dilapidated, dirty and dingy.
I went to Binion's the other day to eat with my family. I had not been there in years. Like 20 years. It seemed like half of the casino was shut down. There were a bunch of cheap shirts for sale in the back lobby. It was kind of sad. It did not look like Binion's is doing well.
The hubby likes to stay in Old Town and the rooms are super cheap. I have always stayed on the Strip. I went to go to a concert, he went to play poker. I didn't object. The less we pay for  room, the more we can spend on drinks, gambling and food and entertainment. We checked in and found that our room was right by the elevator. And it was a handicap room. Hmm. The shower had no tub but it did have a folding table to sit down on. We didn't use it. However, we did use the shower and on our second night there, it flooded. Water backed up and headed towards the carpet of our room!

We called building maintenance and the older gentleman that came by to so-called repair the damage was quite acusatory. I understand that young kids come to this town and do dumb stuff but this was not purposely done. Anyways, we ended up getting another room and this time to a so-called suite with a king size bed and at a higher floor. We were happy with that. Too bad it was only for one night.

Drinks were definitely available on the floor while gambling. I actually hit a royal flush on a machine there while the hubby was playing at a table with the big boys. If only I wasn't such a cheap skate. With my winnings, I left Vegas with a grey Bebe coat that was half off. Thanks, Binions!
This is one of the more upscale properties in Downtown Las Vegas, which is akin to being the finest deli in North Dakota. That being said if you want over the top glitz and glamour go to the strip, but if you are in the mood to kick it old school, come downtown. A couple of great features at Binion's; a free pull on a slot machine that gets you a page of coupons, use them! Get your picture taken with one million dollars for free! A hot dog condiment bar that boast over 30 items!  Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Free picture with a million bucks, free slot play.  I love downtown.
Old and tacky, as downtown should be. Free slot play is incredibly entertaining, although I doubt anyone ever wins anything.
A tourist's dream hotel! Sign up for their players club and get a picture worth a million bucks and a keychain! Situated on Freemont Street, this place is worth stumbling into... You'll find cheap eats and gaming options on every corner at Binion's.  Check out this iconic Hotel and casino.
This is one of the oldest casinos in Las Vegas. The Killers' drummer Ronnie Vannucci invited a Rolling Stone journalist here to grab lunch at the Snack Bar in the casino. Ronnie said, "I like this place because it's real old school. My parents have been coming here forever. I just had a grilled cheese and corn bread for $3.75. That's a reasonable price, man." He also led the writer through a hidden staircase and random doors that led to a very secret poker room, where he said, "For true poker players, this is still the place." Think you can find it? More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
Old school Fremont St , free picture with the Million dollars is worth a few minutes of your time . I took off and returned later at night to pick mine up during the light show intermission .They have some new slot machines and good table gaming .
Binion's really isn't a casino of choice for me.  I've never stayed here and rarely even drop a single coin here.  The casino is small, old, and can use a makeover. Still a staple in downtown Las Vegas.  Also known as the birth place of the World Series of Poker where the legends of the game once grinded out a living.  

I probably walk inside Binion's at least once a month, but usually just to get to the Golden Nugget.  Not a bad short cut from the Main Street Parking to the Fremont Street Experience.  

Overall, I give this place only 2 stars because there's not much here. I don't play here, eat here, or even stay here.
Get your picture taken with the Million Dollars! It's free. Otherwise run while you can... This place is in dire need of a renovation.
POKER, POKER... POKER!!!

I've stayed at the Hotel here before and it was 2.5 or 3 stars at best. The property is now owned by the same owners as the 4 Queens where I love to stay which is where I just stayed for 3 nights. Binions hotel portion has been closed for over a year for renovation, but the casino has remained opened. They have Zero Rake at their $2/4 Limit Hold'em poker tables 9am to noon. Not sure if that includes weekends. I wanted to play at Binions just cause it's sorta a tradition for me... playing where all the legends of poker used to play. I've had the pleasure to meet many of them... Doyle, Hellmuth, Ferguson, Chan and more... 

So on my last day of my Vegas trip, sat down at the $2/4 Limit cash game (the only game going at the time) and after a few minutes of play, I win a pot with quad fives... JACKPOT! Yup... I won over $1,500 for the high hand jackpot... Luv you more Binions!

No smoking allowed in the poker room. Free drinks while playing poker. A decent mix of regulars and tourists provide a lively game.

The hotel is being renovated so it should open sometime in 2013... In the meantime, if you like to find a low limit cash game or a $1/2 NL Texas Hold'em cash game... this is not a bad place to spend your time.

If you are looking to party, spend a lot of bucks on bottle service, VIP treatment and party with the beautiful people... look elsewhere... but if you are looking for an inexpensive casino to play some poker... I highly recommend you go to Binions at least once. 

I like to stay at the 4 Queens and play poker here at Binions and at the Golden Nugget if you want to know. They are all within a block of each other, as opposed to staying on the strip where it is a loooong walk just going to a casino next door to the one you are leaving...
Stayed next door at Four Queens for New Years - and my boyfriend and I ended up spending a LOT of time in Binions.  The BlackJack tables were cheap ($5 minimum), which we were happy with. They are frequently changing price - so keep an eye out for what you want!  A couple of the dealers were SO MUCH FUN, and had great personalities. Others, didn't talk. This seemed to make or break our experience each time.  Look for Candy, she was a HOOT! Kept us playing longer than we were planning, just because she made it so fun.
good place to gamble at. make sure to at least bet 5 credits on the nickel or penny machines. anything lower they will not give you free alcahol
Large amount of slots, excellent cocktail service with very pleasant, fast and accommodating cocktail servers, loose slots made for a lot of fun. Earn points, easy to earn comps, staff very friendly and the atmosphere is fun. Great Cafe, Chicken Fried Steak is excellent with great service. Only minus is bathrooms really foul smelling.
Just played on the crap table here.  Couple of the cow girls are nice to look at.  Most of the cow girls are flirtatious, If my memory is right a few  of girls is on the TV show Casino Confidential. Men beware of the girl with Huskers tattoo lower back right side I believe one the pit bosses called her Jana or Jenna.  She exudes sex appeal. "very flirtatious." If your winning and you start losing don't oggle Huskers cause you will make a deposit and not a withdraw from the casino   

Now for the crap table . The bad thing about playing craps at the Binion's is the dice have to hit the back the wall on every throw. They dealers and bosses keep reminding the players of that rule.   IMO that rule is stupid cause it's impossible, every dice shooter has their own style of throwing, some will hit the back wall, some shooters throw short.  If you find a hot shooter you can money here.  Shooters beware if you're a short shooter, you will be scolded on every short throw. "you must hit the back wall."  As for the other players, who are always late throwing bets out. Get your shit together and throw you bets out early.  You late betters throw the rhythm off a hot shooter, and late betters are common at the Binion's crap table.   Crap players you have have warned.
Still a favorite in downtown Vegas, the cafe is still open 24 hours and serves up fried everything! We did jalapenos bottle caps and deep fried South Western egg rolls. Fast excellent cafe junk food. Saw the burgers and nachos go by and they both looked great as well. The casino is still hanging on to its heritage but sad to see they are limiting the cheap craps tables now, hard to find a 3$ game.
The casino is terrible, old and smelly.
What is great is the free Million Dollar picture and the free parking with validation.
they will not ask you to buy or sign anything. Just park your car at Binions, go for your picture and validate your parking ticket.
This review is based on my second trip to the casino. The first night, I won 1300.  The following the night, the pit boss told me I have to throw the dice into the back wall instead of throwing the dice in front of the back wall and letting the dice roll into the wall and roll off.I think the cameras in the sky called down to the pit boss and told the  pit boss to chase me out of the casino cause I won big the previous night  .   

Since it's their casino so it's  their rules. So I left, and played games at other downtown casinos.  4 Queens is the Binion's sister property downtown.  So I avoid that casino also.
Visiting Binion's is like visiting your grandma in a nursing home.  You don't really want to go, because it's depressing, but you know, it's your grandma, so you really want to.

My husband and I are HUGE fans of Vegas lore.  We cried bitter tears the day the Sands was torn down, and our heart aches a little whenever one of the "original' casinos are torn down to make way for the new mega-resort plexes.

For those of you who aren't Vegas-obsessed, Binion's was once the shiznit of gambling in Vegas (it was known as the "Horseshoe" back then).  Unlike other casinos in the 50's, it didn't focus on shows or acts, and they didn't have a high-roller section...it was truly a casino that focused on the gambler.  It had the first "$1M" display on the floor, and it hosted the World Series of Poker back in the day.  The stories behind Binion's - the drama, the legends, and the tragedies can fill an entire book (and have).

So of course, we had to make a pilgrimage to Binion's. 

And like I said, it was like visiting your grandmother in the nursing home.  It was run-down and depressing, yet there were moments and glimmers of what she must have been like, back in the day.  Most of the sparkle and wit is gone, but you can tell that it was once there.
Binion's is showing its age and really needs an overhaul.  But, the dealers and pit bosses when I played were great.  Most dealers in Vegas are friendly and like to chat, but most pit bosses are too busy to do so unless you are a big player.  At Binion's the pit bosses would stop by, chat, call you by name.  One even gave me a high five when I hit a black jack.  It didn't matter that I was only playing $5 a hand.  That's the type of fun I am looking for.  Hope they can bring this place back.
I love Binion's. I come here to play craps and to be around genuine people. The staff are genuinely friendly. They don't  put on that have a nice day phony bull$hit. I love the free picture, the location, and the steak house. Had a delicious rib eye and a stellar vodka gimlet . I remember Binion's for their late night steaks and they never disappoint.  I like the Elvis display and the classic cars. It is true it is shabby, but it is an asset because it is not pretentious.  This is a diamond in the rough.
Parked in their parking garage, didn't think our SUV was going to fit, but magically it did.

Went up to the top, come to find out that the elevator doesn't go to the top.  Parked the vehicle, go down to the street level, and find the validation machine so we can walk around the "Freemont Experience" for a couple of hours.
Casino is old, stale, and just...weird.

I appreciate the 3 free hours, but sheesh, the casino needs a makeover ASAP.
Stopped in here on a recent trip to Vegas, and was very happy with my visit.  The staff was incredibly friendly, I had a few coupons and a bunch of match play which I used with no problems, and their football night deals at the bar are great.  The blackjack was a decent game, the single deck paid 6:5 (AVOID!) but the multi-deck games were just fine, won about 100 bucks and had a great time doing it.  I liked the old school decor, and would come here to gamble again in a heartbeat.
Time to update my review.  This place has continued it's downward spiral.  It hasn't improved one bit since my last review.  It's actually gotten worse.  It's dirty, smoky, and the people who hang out here are sketchy. We dropped in for a drink to check out the place on our last trip to Vegas and we could barely stay long enough to finish it.

I have fond memories of the old Horseshoe.  It used to be the place to gamble downtown.  Now, it's become one of the worst places downtown.  Benny Binion has to be rolling over in his grave right now.

Return Factor - 2%
Worst place ever the casino smells they hav

e a ridiculous parking garage with 20 minute wait just to exit really awful place don't care about customers just making money employees clearly not happy
I will never go back. I planned a party of 25 people. I went to reserve some space in the sports. I was told I can not reserve the tables, it is pure first come first serve. I showed up within60 minutes of it opening to find the entire sports bar reserved. Now I am trying to find a place to have a party in less than two hours. Extreme poor customer service
The Binion's Horseshoe is a legendary Casino/Hotel from "Old Vegas".
Typical fremont casino. Liked bennys bull pen and still want to try the steakhouse. My bf likes to gamble here.
I fell in love with Binion's after hearing stories of my parents' debauchery in the 70s and 80s.  Last year, my husband and I stopped to have breakfast at the cafe and were so happy with our nominal charge and solid diner-style fare.  This trip to Vegas took us to Binion's 4 times.  Pastrami sandwich at the deli?  Luscious.  Seriously.  We also had breakfast 3 times at the cafe.  Steve at the counter is gracious, efficient, and genuine... After walking by all of the flash-in-the-pan joints on the Strip, this place is my go-to for a $10 or less meal.  The casino itself is classic downtown--wood, mirrors, chrome.  They've done some updates as of the past few months.  Rather than blowing your time and money at a Strip property, spend some time downtown and see what real Vegas was and is like.
How can you not like this place. Old school and most of all old fashion. The place looks just like it did 25 years ago when I first played here. The hotel sucks, the restaurants are not good but the gambling is great.
I'm a big fan of some of the old school properties in Vegas when it come to a change up over the glitz and glamour of new school properties.. Binion's is that kind of property that is dated, it's smokey, it's cheap, it's seen it's days but you can't beat it up to much the gambling is good, the staff seemed nice etc.. I liked it for the little short time I was there..
This place is truly old school, and in Vegas that's a rarity. Picture wood and brass decor inside and amazing neon outside. You've gotta appreciate it. It gets so boring walking through all the brand new cookie cutter hotels. They all look the same and have absolutely no character whatsoever. Binion's also seems to have a lot of staff with character. They were friendly to me this time, however, last time I played there the 90 year old cocktail waitress refused to serve me a drink cuz she hadn't seen me play the machine I had just put $20 in. It's okay though, cuz where else in Vegas does an old granny wearing a button up plaid shirt and high waisted jeans yell at you?
Awesome hotel downtown, little drama to none when it comes to their parking and their staff is pretty cool and courteous, I have enjoyed my time here plenty and I also love being able to go to container park and know that my vehicle will be in good condition when I come back.

It is almost in the middle of the three stages throughout the downtown strip. You get to go from one stage to the next to the next and then to the zip line. I have to say that I will make sure this is where I go and park anytime I go downtown. Unlike the station's parking lot right down the way which is a hassle to park there and never has enough change to support a 100 bill. Go to Binion's parking instead and get your day started right when you travel downtown Las Vegas.
All I have to say is this. They better go back to the free parking with validation of your parking ticket. Today it was real bad the way they wouldn't validate your parking ticket unless you were gambling or eating at the restaurant. All we saw was a lot if pissed off people including me because you had to play their slots for an hour while waiting for the guy to come around and validate the ticket. The only nice one was the Pit Boss who we complained to. One good thing is we won $17 on one slot pull.
Free with validation! This used to be my starting point for my downtown shenanigans. No more. Brought family here from out of town to do some gambling. Played the slots but lady luck wasn't on our side. We cashed out our vouchers at the cashier cage and gave my ticket for validation. He hands it back and says he can't do it. So per his instructions we go look for a slot attendant and there's no one in sight so I ask a pit boss. All we got were rude "I can't do it" attitudes. In a town so reliant on customer service Binion's needs to change they're attitudes because nothing else is drawing people back to this outdated casino.
Old School, Very Cool!  Best casino in Vegas, loved it. Cowgirls were great, blackjack was fun because the dealers were enjoying themselves and made us feel welcome. The sport fishing slots were a blast. My wife and I had a great time & we visited Vato's Cigar shop at the back of the gaming room for some smokes. Vato's house blends were great, especially the Cuban Blend. We will definitely be back to Binion's!
I used to love this place, but NO MORE!  The parking validation is only good if you play with your card for more than 30 minutes.  They claim too many people were taking advantage of their free parking and that they weren't playing in their casino.  Maybe because you never win anything in there.  The most I've ever won there is about $50.  The workers there are VERY SURLY and not helpful at all.  And the coffee shop/cafe, is disgusting.  The servers are rude.  The last time I ate there, the waitress had her thumb in my hash browns.  I need to go burn my comps, but after that I am totally done with this dump.
You couldn't pay me to stay here but having said that it's always interesting to walk through the place and look at the sort of people who DO stay here. Room rates here are low but certainly not the 
cheapest in town. Lots of better options at this price. So why are
they here these people? What attracts them? I honestly feel some
folks are attracted by sleaze. That's the only explanation I can come up with. Maybe a few are history buffs and have a strong desire to stay in one of the original Strip hotels,a resort that was here in the days of
Meyer Lansky,Howard Hughes and the Rat Pack. And there are parts
of the Riviera that look as if they haven't been cleaned since the 60's.
Sorry to be so negative.
GEH - TOE.
A cool museum filled with relics. Chain-smoking, gambling relics...

Come here for a glimpse of a dying Vegas. I learned all about cliches, bad posture, and secondhand smoke. The patrons are about as old as the stage routines. The combo of drag queens and Michael Jackson jokes will hardly win any awards. The food trough and petting zoo was fun. The pudgy, balding man didn't seem to like it when we tried to scratch him behind his ears. There was an experiment to see if people would actually pay $9 for Panda Express. I think it was a success.

What... It's a hotel?!
The Riv is across the street from Slots A Fun. it is a marked step higher on the casino food chain. This doesn't speak well for either of them.

50 years ago, I imagine the Riv and the Stardust, just down the street, were hot spots. Time has not been kind. Now the Riv features entertainers who impersonate Frank Sinatra, Barbra Streisand and Neil Diamond. It is also the home of Crazy Girls, "Las Vegas' Sexiest Topless Revue," which is immortalized in seven brass asses outside the casino entrance. A recent addition to the lineup is American Storm, the male strip troupe which comprises the winners of VH1's "Strip Search."

The Riv is also home to the saddest looking cocktail waitresses in town. These girls have been ridden hard and put away wet, after which they seem to have shrunk several sizes. This appearance is accentuated by the oversized black T-shirt they wear, which bears the slogan, "Rack and Roll." Referring, in this case, to billiards and craps, not prostitution. The "Rack" is cunningly located over the breasts of the few girls that have them. Perhaps they don't want to compete with the Crazy Girls revue.

Two sections of the casino are dedicated to more frugal gamblers: Nickel Heaven and Penny Town. As you might guess, the electronic games in those areas play at those denominations. Actually, in Penny Town, you can wager 1, 2 or 5 cents, for those feeling particularly flush. While Nickel Heaven is just part of the regular casino, there is no escape from Penny Town. You walk down a short hall to access it, and the only way out is back the way you came or out into the street. This, it seems to be, is a parable for Las Vegas itself.
We stay here every year for our pool tournaments.  The hotel is very cheapy and a little on the ghetto side.  The rooms are more like a motel 6 type.  The beds are comfortable, but old.  It's not that bad though, considering how much time do you actually spend in your hotel room while in Vegas anyways?  

But I have to give it some extra stars because I have many fond memories here.
i dont think i'll even give a star.  stayed here one time about 4 years ago for a damn conference thing...hated it...service and etc.  rather stay at circuscircus
The Riviera's been on the Strip for FOREVER.  I remember driving past it's garish wall of horrible Neon whilst dragging the Strip as a toddler with my parents and their friends.

I most likely never would have gone there as an adult if my brother-in-law wasn't a bartender there and if my friends and I weren't on a mission to show this town a party the likes of which it's never seen!

This place is HARD to navigate.  More than once I willed the spirit of DeNiro to guide me through it's gold and neon undulations.  Don't try to meet someone here - you will never find them.

My bartender was awesome and didn't charge my friends or I for one single beverage.  He's also the father of my nieces and nephew.  You may find your trip is more costly.  (The drinks are like $4 - $7 anyway - not bad for the Strip.)

The showroom was AWFUL.  I went to see an old friend in the Fab Forever show and my brother-in-law got me tickets.  Since he did so, we had front row seats.  I didn't know that front row seats meant that your knees actually touched the stage.  Very interesting.  Very uncomfortable for an hour.  (The show itself was awesome, by the by.  Yay, Beatles!)

I like the Riv for the old school Vegas spirit it still keeps in mind, I don't like it for its poor execution.
ugh.  if you ever have to be here for a convention, stay somewhere else on the strip.  this place is a huge disappointment.  the only reason to have any stars would be the service- everyone who works there is helpful and kind.  my room was clean, and it was actually quiet.
i ordered room service, the food was terrible and the selection is like choosing the lesser of evils.  i needed a quick dinner so i ate in the coffee shop.  this is where i discovered that my crappy room service food probably came from this place.  they also charge $12 per day to use the gym- why is this not free to hotel guests?  there is no comfortable place to sit and watch a sports game either.
casino games were boring and none of the arcade games worked.  i actually walked over to circus circus between meetings and had a better time.  mainly because everyone else there looked like they were having more fun too.  my idea of fun is not to watch the crack-like addicts with their slot machine cards attached to their jackets play 20 machines at a time.
the surrounding area is pretty shady too, i walked down to the better parts of the strip, but i took a cab back ($11 from the forum shops!!).
I actually stayed here for an annual company meeting once.  I was a bit excited to stay in a place that had some *history*.  It turned out to be a little sad.  The place was a bit on the worn down side and it looked like everyone in there matched the decor perfectly.  The rooms looked like something you would film a cheap amateur porno in.
I needed to update this review and while it WAS one of my faves to stay at, they are trying to make it more profitable on their end...of course and have done away with the 99cent beer...and the good Kady food specials...so needless to say if we go back to Vegas we will not be staying at the RIV. I think I might stay at the Imperial palace. They seem to appreciate their players more.
Wow, and I thought I'd never look great in gold tinted mirrors -- Boy, was I wrong! After my weekend stay at the Riviera, I'm seriously considering putting those suckers all over my pad.

This hotel / casino seriously looks like an 80's happening hot spot. My friends stayed down the strip at Planet Hollywood, or "ph", because LV likes to abbreviate things now. "ti" is the old Treasure Island. I'm confused. Anyways, back to the point. When they asked what it was like, I told them it would have been really awesome in the late 80's, but now its an old hotel in the middle of the older hotel cemetery. All the bad boys are being torn down and replaced by Mr. Trump's luxury condos and shopping malls. A crying shame. 

I did win $300 in penny slots. That was pretty awesome. Then I went and blew my earnings on faux Coach bags in their shopping area.
The website mentions a multi-million dollars renovation... uh?
The Riviera is completely outdated, the rooms are divvy, the beds uncomfortable... the overall experience was just lame.
The best part, there is no way to sleep with the air-conditioning on, in Las Vegas!!! The A/C units are too old and sound like an engine in the room.
We will never go back.
I had the misfortune of eating at one of the buffets at the Riviera.  I can't remember the name of the buffet but it cost $15 and I remember going up the escalator to the first floor.  The food is TERRIBLE!  How this place can justify such dreadful food?  Everything I ate was so badly cooked and awful tasting.

I only had to look at the faces of the other diners to see that I wasn't the only one that was horrified.  

I just dumped my food and vowed never to go back to the Riveria for anything to eat.

To round it all off, the server who took my plates away was a hunchback and was bent over double and could not see what was in front of him.  It appeared he could only look at the floor.  I kid you not.

The other servers were taking their time with everything and many tables were left with plates and silverware on them for long periods of time.

In the words of Bette Davis: "What A Dump!"
The two stars is due to the fact, I discovered the trick when staying here.  Stay in the back tower.  

The valet parking is done from downstairs, and requires that you pass thru the grossest casino with the worst carpeting that you have ever seen.  

Don't eat, drink or gamble here.  Pretty much full of people that "time left behind".
Old, old, old, and too far down the strip.  I stayed here to go on the cheap.  Not next time.  They really ticked me off the last day.  First, they tacked on an energy surcharge when I checked out.  Is this something required by law of all the hotels now?  This did not happen before.  If it is not law, it is crap!  They should have just added it into the price of their crappy rooms!

To top it off, we went the night before to print out our boarding passes.  they guy at the desk said he couldn't help us, even though he was just chatting up his co-worker.  He told me I could either use my credit card for the machine in the lobby or to go to the business center in the morning.  Assuming it was free (remember, my friends, what it means to assume!) we walked allllllllll the way across the hotel to be informed that there was a dollar a minute charge to use the internet and a 50 cent fee for each sheet of paper we printed off, even though we were guests of the hotel.  What if their internet was as slow as their hotel is old?  It would have cost us a lot for a dollar a minute!  What a load of crap!  I realized then how far away I was from the Bellagio...

One star because they are next to the Peppermill, one of the best places for breakfast in Vegas!!!
My partner said something like The Riviera is perfect for those people who like those "not-quite-up-to-par" Holiday Inns and the like.  

The only reason we stayed at the Riviera because it was one of those few hotels in Las Vegas that allowed us to stay for just one night during New Years Eve.  The other hotels had a 2- or 3-night minimum.  

We ended up with a smoking room, which wasn't too bad.  My complaint about the room was that there were cobwebs and dust on the ceiling.  

The Riviera could benefit from a facelift.  Their gaming area is...ok.  I was more interested to play at other casinos than at the Riviera.
I didn't realize they had hotels specifically for drag queens--not that there is anything wrong with that.

I've stayed here a few times when every place else was sold out and/or I had just a few coins jangling in my pocket.  Big mistake.  Each time.  Obviously, I'm a slow learner.

Dirty, dingy and no fun.  Unless you're a drag queen.  And I bet they hate this dump, too.

I'm heading to the Y the next time I need someplace to crash.  Or I'll just sell my plasma and live high on the hog at the Bellagio.  Hey wait, I think Cheetah's is open all night...
So my two friends were low on money and to help them out we shared a room. It came out to about $20 a person per night, not bad. Things weren't terrible, but we did have several things missing from our room. My friend's Ralph perfume went missing, and so did some of my hair accessories. Weird. We didn't eat there, thank god. I feel sorry for people who did. It didn't seem like that long of a walk to the strip on the map, but trust me IT WAS. We would go out to the strip at night, get drunk, and by the time we got back to the hotel, we were sober again, even using the monorail. Not fun. Plus there is this super creepy shack thing in between the Riviera and the strip, everytime I walked past it at night I felt like James Marsters was going to jump out and suck my blood. The last night we were there, we decided to splurge and stay at the Luxor. Ahhh so much better.
it is time to tear this down and build a good casino here. I have nothing positive to write about this place.
This place is really really budget and that is the truth, It is an old hotel, it has that strong smoke smell everywhere, but there are low limit tables and its a clean place to crash after you have partied all night. The cilent is mostly older adults and the food options are dismal.
This review is for the Crazy Girls show at the Riviera. I went to this show with my wife and it couldn't end fast enough. BO-RING. The girls were clearly tired of their routines - there was no enthusiasm, some of the girls seemed like they just learned the steps.  Maybe they should change the chorus to "We're Lazy Girls, just Lazy Girls" 

What a bomb.

Forget the Crazy Girls and go to the Crazy Horse
A friend had a free stay he couldn't use, so we took advantage because who turns down a free hotel in Vegas?  Not me!  Especially when you're hardly in your room anyhow.

I love this hotel and here's why:

** It's a strip-located hotel with a downtown price
** They are renovating the rooms to all have pillow top comfy mattresses and flat screen plasmas.
** Low limits on table games
** Extremely empty gaming areas (I was at a $5 table by myself on a Saturday night)
** Good value poker tournament three times per day
** The fastest valet in Vegas
** Non-smoking room means non-smoking room
** Electronic check in and check out.

Basically it's a great location that has cheap, available gaming, with new-ish rooms.  When there's not enough to offer you here, there are about 15 other mega-resorts to curb your appetite.  You might as well sleep in a decent cheap room and save your benjis for slots, smokes, shopping or strippers.

Sidenote:  Some of the dealers are ancient and basically creepy old men who say inappropriate things.  The rest barely speak English and refuse to tell you the correct basic strategy move - they just say "it's your money".  Nice.  At least it makes you laugh later and gives you a funny story to tell.  More Vegas entertainment!
The Riv, ooh the riv.... When will you be demolished and rebuilt into something good. The casino play is horrible. Don't even think about coloring up if you plan on still playing. On a winning streak? New dealer or random shuffle requested by the bosses. Orrrrr how about the double deck game that the dealer cuts so your only playing 1/3 of the deck... . ...

Last year my friend had a cockroach in his hotel room, free upgrade to a suite from it.... They didn't even want that, and are not staying there this year when the same convention comes into town there, instead the hilton across the street.

I come here now and then when friends are in town, I can always make some money there but its harddddddd lucky to break even most of the time. Others im sure do well but me and the riv... 

Valet, most always full at night, plan on tipping a buck or two to get the valet to take your car. Or just say you stay there. The worse part is if you have a lower car, you WILL scrape over their 4 foot speed bumps. 

Now time to say something nice about the riv, its better than gambling at binions downtown :)
Great a cheap ass in our party said this is the best deal on the strip. It sounds like what you are telling me is.......Fat pale girls around the pool that is out dated. But before i get to the pool i have to worry about gun fire and lung cancer.  Then i will get a drink that taste like someone pissed in it.  On the walk to the casino that looks alot close than it is i will get robbed.  Well the way i look at it it has loose slots and every time i have spent a weekend in vegas i have stayed somewhere different and out side the mgm or luxer  i never spent time at any of them.   I cant wait to post the review on this old pile.
This place has really improved itself....

My wife and I stayed at this hotel a few weeks ago for the Teacher Conference.  We has a really good time there. The new rooms were awesome! The wireless internet people company that services your hotel did a awesome job! There were many problems with the wireless, but nothing that wasn't able to be fixed. One issue that couldn't be fixed that was a little disappointing, they could not provide a mini fridge as it was needed to refrigerate medication. I found this insensitive toward people with medical conditions. They offered to switch our rooms but we would not be with our group as it was one of the reason we came to this hotel.

Even though your hotel is at the end of the strip, it wasn't far. We were able to walk from Luxor to the Rivera with no problem.

Overall, I would come back to this hotel. Not the fanciest place on the strip, but it didn't fall short of expectations.
Located at the end of the strip, i didn't really like this place.. quite boring, far from civilization!... it is convenient with a walgreens located a few minutes away and a mcdonalds.... i will not stay here again.

-x3 shells
It's really not that bad!
I've stayed at other cheapie hotels in Vegas, and I would definitely consider coming back here. The rooms in the Monaco tower have recently been remodeled, and while they may not be as luxe as other hotels, you get a good deal for the price...as long as that price is under $100 on the weekends, which is what I got through the website. Some of our friends waited till the last minute to book and found the prices had gone up to 199/night! Be sure to book early for a good deal.
Everything costs just a little bit less at this hotel, and the walgreens and CVS are not too far away. Beers at the scary Slots a Fun across the street are only 2 bucks as well. Most of the patrons seemed to be older folks, conventioneers, and young people trying to save a few bucks. It may be a little far up the strip, but not too far to walk to the Wynn or the Fashion Show Mall if you are in moderately good health and the temperature is under 100 degrees. They charge $12 to use their gym, and I have no idea why since the equipment is outdated and the "spa" was nonexistent. They also have a 24 hr coffee shop featuring a late night $5 all u can eat pancakes special. Not the place for a romantic getaway, but perfect for a rowdy weekend with friends.
You may think Im crazy but I really do love the Riviera.  We just got back about an hour ago and stayed here Fri and Sat night.  Its one of the only places I stay when I go to Vegas becuase I get hooked up from  the players club....aka...I have dropped alot of coin in this place so they "reward" me with discount or free nights.  You cant complain on free rooms or at most 60 bucks a night on weekends.  You cant find that anywhere else in Vegas.  They remodeled most of the rooms and they are actually really nice now.  Good comfy beds, flat screen LG Tvs and actual brand name Bath and Body Works stuff in the bathroom.  As far as the casino, its kind of well......old.....the cool crowd doesnt hang out there thats for sure.  Drink service is always fast and plentiful and most of the time you can find $5-$10 blackjack tables.  My brother and I cleaned up one afternoon and both cashed out a couple hundred ahead.  Cant complain!  Not much around the Riviera.  Sahara down the strip.  Circus Circus across the street.  The Wynn is a few blocks down which is cool and thats where we go to gamble alot of the time.  If you want a nice room to sleep in on the cheap, please come here to the Riviera!  Its not as bad as people make it out to be.
In a word "Yeeeuck".  Dingy, strangely laid out with poor service.  DO NOT - I repeat DO NOT EAT HERE.  We had lunch in the coffee shop and it was awful.  The server had no problem taking the most offensive dishes off the tab which was good but also lead me to believe that they know how wretched the food is.  Stay somewhere farther up the strip and actually get something nice.  We stayed here because that's where the wedding party was but had I known how junky this place was, I would have booked us at NY NY or TI.
Made it by the Riviera for the first time in about 10 years.  It's totally old-school and vintage.  I plopped myself down at a slot machine close to the entrance.  Within mere seconds, a cocktail waitress appeared and took my order.  She quickly returned with my beverage, for which she was tipped appropriately.  Before I could drink even half of it, she had returned with another, and they kept coming regularly.  

Outstanding cocktail service!  Much better than Sahara down the street or some of the other higher-end casinos in the same area.  

Moved on to the Roulette table and won a couple hundred there.  All the Riviera staff I encountered were friendly, smiling, and helpful.  If only there were a monorail stop there, I'd probably stay there sometimes.

Haven't checked out their rooms, nor have I eaten in their restaurants so far.

Good job with the casino, Riviera !!
Okay so yes, IT is FAR up the strip... about a 20-25 minute walk to the action. HOWEVER, I LOVED THIS PLACE! The newly remodeled rooms were really nice, for the price. Everyone who partied it up in our room commented on how surprised they were, that the rooms were so nice. I DID NOT EAT THE FOOD THERE!!So my rating has NO REFLECTION on the food.. I DRANK LOTS OF THEIR BOOZE, tho, and the drinks had REAL whiskey, and were NOT watered down.
ALSO, the Riviera is SUPER near a Walgreens(for cheap beer), a Subway(for $5 footlongs, when yer down on yer luck), and they have nicely sized mini fridges in the rooms. YAY! THE STAFF WAS ALSO FUNNY, AND I LOVED MY EXPERIENCE AT THE RIV.
Trashy decor and smoke-filled casino area. 

The room was spacious and had comfortable beds. However, it was always dark and cold. The bathroom had no ventilation and was not really clean. 

It's ok if you just want a place to sleep but don't expect anything else from this hotel.
This place is good when your in a budget and for $30 a night why complain right? And it was also a last minute thing. I called and booked it right then and there. I couldn't even get a room in SD for less than $60. So I'd say I'd definitely come back there and gamble somewhere else. Why not right???
Room was clean, we rubbed the ass, and it's in a great location for visiting both the Strip and Downtown. I liked it, it has a very lived in vibe. Be warned, the food there is thoroughly rubbish -- not trashy enough to be good bad, but not nearly good enough to be good.
On this particular trip I stayed at both the Riviera and the MGM Grand. Believe it or not, I loved my room at the Riviera a whole lot more! They have recently gone through a series of renovations and their rooms are definitely up to par in comparison to the 4 star hotels on the strip.

For Friday and Saturday night reservations, I paid a total of $130 after tax. I believe I got it for a special rate from i4vegas.com.  They put me in a king sized non-smoking room. The room featured a wide flat screen TV and a plush king sized bed. The decor around the room was very classy with a bit of gold trim in it.  The window view however wasnt anything to brag about since the Riveria is located on Paradise, not Las Vegas Blvd. 

Walking through the lobby you will feel like you are a cast of the 70's show. The businesses are definitely aging and have not changed over the years. The bar next to the casino has very reasonable prices for drinks. You can expect to pay downtown las vegas prices at the bar here. I did not do much gambling or attend a show here, so I can't really comment on that. 

The only downside to the room I had was that it was located next to an elevator shaft. I heard elevators running up and down all night, but I did not mind at the occasion. I was well intoxicated and ready to pass out every time I got back to my room.  The parking was also very limited in the small old structure building which had one functioning elevator.

I definitely recommend coming to the Riviera if you get a great price. You do get what you pay for at this hidden gem.
Disappointing to average service.  POOR drink service, as seems to be standard in Vegas.   Rooms OK, but inconvenient to get to.  Not my first choice as a place to stay.  Somewhat smokey, and the dealers lean toward rude
Convenient location, if you're going to CES, but it's at the end of the strip. The room felt cramped. What's with no coffee maker?? It had an LCD tv, but we didn't even watch it. somewhat convenient to CES, bathroom felt small, but I think I've just gotten spoiled with all the nice hotel rooms I've been staying in. We wanted to go to the gym, so we took the elevator upstairs... uh what?! $10 for gym access? I don't think so. We decided to just go jogging outside amidst all the CES folks.
The nice thing was that downstairs had and ABC Store that sold souvenirs and water for pretty cheap. Walgreens a block down might have been a bit cheaper, but eh.
The Riviera is exactly what you pay for, just like everything in Sin City!  If you are planning a luxurious vacation,  dream of sleeping on plush mattresses, hopeful of impeccable service, and desire top-of-the-line, modern accommodations, then I suggest passing on the Riviera.  

If you just need a place to crash after a night of binge drinking, and endless debauchery then by all means book this hotel.  The only real  down side to  staying at this joint is it is not a central location, which means staggering home in your six inch heels at 7 am.  Overall not disgusting, but not a place to stay on ones' honeymoon.
I guess you could say I'm somewhat atypical when it comes to Vegas.  I usually look for hotels to stay at when it's just me and the bf.  Quite frankly I'm pretty cheap when it comes to hotels especially in Vegas when you're not staying in there most of the time.  So I've had very few hits with finding decent cheap hotels and very many hits on finding really bad cheap places that look like a scene from Psycho.  

So here's the background of my most recent trip, with the economy being down and hotel rates being so cheap in Vegas I couldn't help, but book this place.  It was on a long weekend and from Friday check in to Sunday check out it was a grand total of $64.88, that's right folks under $70 for two nights stay for a hotel across the street from Circus Circus and on the strip.  That's unheard of already.  By the way, I found the rate on Expedia.com, they're usually my go to spot for finding awesome hotel deals.  I was so blinded by the rate, I didn't do that much research about the rooms and hotel in general, because with that cheap of a rate, who cares?  

So I wasn't caring until we were driving to Vegas and I was trying to recall even seeing a Riviera hotel all the other times I'd come to Vegas and I couldn't...."Which one is it?"  So we finally drove up to it and it looked like shit to be honest on the outside....my stomach dropped and I was so afraid this was going to be the WORST hotel experience ever.  I quickly started apologizing to the bf profusely because we would have to stay here for two whole nights....

To my surprise and luck they had just done a huge remodel of the rooms.  The room we were in was in the Mediterranean Tower and I'm not sure if they remodeled all the rooms in the various towers.  Our room was very modern with dark wood with granite counter tops accented with silver towel holders, handles, etc.  Rooms also came with Ipod docking station, refrigerator, coffee maker, hair blower, flat screen TV (not many channels), and comforter blankets.  The blankets were not the crappy type with a brown fleece like one on top of white sheets.  

So if you can ignore the rest of the decor of this old hotel,  somewhat incompetent staff and need some place to simply just sleep after a night of having fun, I would recommend this place.
very surprised...
I have to review the Rivera because I think they deserve better than their 2 star average.  We stayed there this weekend and thought the accommodations were more than just okay.  

Pros: Great price, easy access to parking, remodeled rooms and landmark on the Strip

Cons: Near north end of strip, patrons are in the older demographic

If you don't want to shell out the big buck at the newer places, this is a place worth considering.
I have no complaints about my stay - everything about it met my expectations.  The room (one of the remodeled ones) was comfortable, the mattress was just how I liked it (which was one of the biggest surprises for the price point), the iPod dock was great, and saved me from having to plug into my computer to charge it, and it was reasonably quiet at the hotel, probably because it isn't one of the fancy, popular, expensive ones.  Just don't eat at the asian restaurant - I should've run across the street and had McDonalds - the quality would've been better.  We also bought monorail passes - it's about 2/3 of a mile to the Las Vegas Hilton station if you cut through the parking lot, and that gives you a little bit of walking to help exercise away the calories that you put on eating in this town, plus access to the further away casinos for much cheaper and less trafficky than cabs or the deuce bus.
When I think of places to stay in Vegas, I rarely think of The Riviera first. I like to stay closer to the center of The Strip. In fact, when I stay anywhere north of the Venetian, I am always afraid that a giant wrecking ball might reduce my room to rubble in the middle of the night. "Really? $24 rooms? Great deal, I'd like a room with a vi. . . CRUNCH, SMASH, KA-BOOM!" Frankly, I am surprised The Riviera is still standing. 

I booked a "package" through US Airways, which included a round trip flight from/to SFO and 2 nights at this beautiful hotel for $230, all taxes included. Wrecking ball be damned, it's a deal! Sure, I had to rent a car to drive around, but it was still worth it. 

The Riviera is a living, breathing testament to the all-important saying "don't judge a book by its cover." From the outside, it looks like a dilapidated, outdated monstrosity. On the inside, it looks like a good value hotel on The Strip. 

I stayed at the Monaco tower, which is the tall tower behind the main hotel. I was very surprised to see that the rooms were newly remodeled. They seemed more modern than rooms in more luxurious hotels. Each room featured an iHome clock radio with an iPod dock and a 42'' flat screen TV. How about that? I kept thinking, am I at the right place? Last time I stayed at The Riviera was 2.5 years ago. Here's the main difference: in 2006, my main concern was "Will my toilet overflow and flood the room with you-know-what?" In 2009, my main concern was "Should I wake up to the Backstreet Boys' best hits or New Kids on the Block most successful album?" Quite an improvement. 

Now, for the bad part. This goes out to the people who occupied room 6244 on February 14 and February 15. You see, I had the misfortune of staying in room 6242 which is adjacent to room 6244. In fact, our rooms had a door that, if need be, could combine the two rooms into one awkward 2-room suite. The presence of said door made paper-thin walls even less soundproof. 

So . . . thank you, annoying Filipino family, for talking loudly, for yelling at each other until 4 am AND for bringing a screaming toddler to Vegas with you. What was he doing up at 4 am, what was he doing in Vegas and why wasn't he sedated?

Thank you, two loudmouthed twenty-something couples for yelling and describing your clubbing experiences at 4:30 am the next day. Why were you staying in the same room? Shouldn't you have stayed in separate rooms and ... umm ... spend quality time with one another? Good thing you were too drunk to stay awake and make noise for more than 20 minutes. I was going to steal your "do not disturb" sign, so that an anxious housekeeper would wake you up at 9 am, but you forgot to hang it on your doorknob in the first place. I guess the joke's still on you. 

Valet parking at The Riviera is awesome. It fills up fast, but if you're a guest, it doesn't matter. They retrieve your car in a matter of seconds, and I still don't understand how they do it. Cabs are harder to come by, and the lines are usually long. If you stay here, designate a driver and rent a car.
Fun place to stay, good gaming and nice staff!!
I went to Vegas late November 2008 and stayed at the Riviera. It was my first trip to Sin City and I chose this hotel due to a)price and b) because it was the filming location for the Tangiers in the movie Casino. And a lot of other movies for that matter.  Oh and c) because its one of the few hotels left with mob history that I find so fascinating.
I was a little concerned before checking in due to some of the negative reviews I had been reading. However, I was very pleasantly surprised. I had a great time at this hotel. Everything was fine. Check in was quick. I received a remodeled room at no extra charge, which was quite nice. The staff was helpful. The location was okay. It's a little far from the main part of the strip but for the money it cant be beat. 
Now I am not one to prefer top-notch accommodations. I am more comfortable with a beer and a jukebox than a $20 drink and loud techno/top 40 music. If you prefer the latter you probably will not be happy with this hotel. 
I'd recommend this hotel for people who would rather have money to spend on food and booze than a fancy hotel room that you will probably not spend any time in. 
It's also right beside Peppermills, which is a 24 hour restaurant with a kitschy lounge that screams old tacky Vegas =) And slots-a-fun is right across the street where you cant go wrong with their $1.25 daiquiris and cheap beer specials. So, for those on a budget or those who prefer/can tolerate a dive scene to upscale scene you cant go wrong with this place.  
I'm going back to Vegas in May and I am actually kind of sad that my friends have insisted on staying mid-strip this time. Riviera I will miss you.
No, we didn't stay at the Riviera.  But, since our flight was at 6:30 pm and our New York New York (ahem) (notice the quotes) "LATE" (end noticing of the aforementioned quotes) checkout was for NOON, well, we had some time to kill.

As mentioned in the review for NYNY, they have a great bell desk that will hold bags all day, free of charge, if you've stayed there.  So we checked our bags and went a-walkin'.

Straight on down the strip...passing the new development next door to Bellagio, the huge glassy glossy development for people that actually want to own condos on the strip, past the Bellagio, the Venetian, Paris!, the Venetian's twin sister Palazzo, the Wynn and it's twin, Encore (REALLY?!  You need two??), past the demolished Stardust lot, Circus Circus, the new Trump tower, all the way on down to the Riviera.  Here, we entered the casino to rid ourselves of any money we had left in our pockets.

You know, all those glamorous casinos and hotel resorts, fancy appointments and luxurious accommodations, well, they all boil down to one thing:  separating you from your money.  Some people need to be burped afterwards (before and during as well), and feel they "deserve" luxury, or what the fuck ever.  So, they stay at plush hotels, spend lots of money on the room before spending lots of money in the casino.  It's all just too much.

The Riviera, to me, is classic Las Vegas.  It's casino looks like a regular casino.  The forty-something waitresses in tights who bring you "free" beers while you spend roll after roll of quarters at the Wheel! Of! Fortune!!!! are friendly, and never fail to call you sweetie, or hon'.  And the restroom is actually within a five minute walk of the casino...a HUGE advantage over the mega-resorts further down the Strip.

When you're ready to leave to pick up your bags at NYNY on your way to the airport, just be sure you've saved enough money for the cab ride and the tip for the bellhop.  Cause otherwise, you're a classic Vegas chump.

The nostalgic part of me doesn't want Las Vegas developers to continue their process of destruction of the older casinos and hotels.  Something in Vegas needs to be seedy, besides the intentions of the casino owners and the deviant minds of its visitors, that is.

Yeah, the Riviera is seedy Vegas.  What's it to ya?
My friend booked this room trying to save money!  We stayed at the Riviera after checking out of The Platinum Hotel on Sunday.  No need to spend another 169 dollars.  !  

*However....A WORD TO THE WISE....IF YOU GET DRUNK ON SATURDAY, MAKE SURE YOU DONT HAVE TO CHECK OUT ON SUNDAY!  IT IS THE BIGGEST HASSLE AND GETTING UP EARLY TO CHECK INTO ANOTHER HOTEL IS THE WORST! *

Moving on...

THE HOTEL:  They have kiosks to check into this place like the airports.  The front desk staff are rude but you get what you pay for.  The rooms at the Riviera are better than I expected.  The beds are comfortable.  THE BATHROOM HAS BARLEY ENOUGH ROOM TO SIT ON THE TOILET WITH THE DOOR OPEN!  If you are trying to do Vegas on a dime...stay here!  But, cab fare will be a beast!    

THE CASINO:  This casino IS OLD SCHOOL!!!!  It hasn't been renovated in a long time, and it shows.  EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS OLD AND DUSTY.  NOTHING TO SEE HERE...the best thing about this place is the 7/11 next door and it is a short walk from The Wynn and Encore.  

This dude was borderline stalking and harrassing me and I almost had to report him.  He followed me downstairs and it scared me.  Luckily he stopped.  Overall:  If your funds are limitied....stay here.  Otherwise, stay somewhere else and save peace of mind.
Was there in March and have to say the staff not as friendly as they once were!
So I cringed when my friends told me they had booked our room here.  I in fact almost didn't want to go to Vegas at all because of it.  And, although i had never stayed at the Riviera before this last trip, I had been inside... once, and that was PLENTY enough of a visit to make me realize I had never wanted to go back.  But.... Ballers on a Budget Vegas trip led us to a few nights at the Riviera... And i almost had to shoot myself.  I was the first one to arrive and had to wait 3 hrs before the rest of my girls joined me.  I don't know how many long islands i had but they were the only thing that were keeping me from shooting someone up in this place.  Other then getting eye F--ked by 50 year scum bags, there was NO one even relatively close to my age in there, EVERYTHING is dated and there is just absolutely nothing appealing about the place.  Damn Roullette table took my $$ in about 5 mins with less then friendly dealers.  You couldn't pay me to come back and spend another night here.
Not a fan of the Riviera Hotel & Casino! All the magic that might have been here once as has packed up and left for a better place..

For the longest time I tried to look for a reason to not only visit the hotel, but also to stay a night or two.  I had heard a few good reviews in the past and was really looking forward to the day when the stars would align and I would get to play and stay.

Well that day finally came and I can only say my whole experience was one disappointment after another.  Yea, the food was "okay" but nothing to detour from some other hotels for.   The alcohols flows, but not with quite the same zeal as other places.   The gaming was, well, present.  But not really all that exciting.  They also had their little mini-shows by the bar/gaming areas and they had the standard passable acts you see other places.  Their headliner show  "Crazy Girls" was is a show that is little aged and getting sloppy.  One you should pass on by unless free and also dragged into.  The rooms still need an update to give them an appearance of the 2000's instead of the 1970's.

All of the items above I could have taken with a grain of salt expect for one thing that kept hitting me in the face over and over and that was this.  At every turn in the hotel I kept felling like the hotel was trying to suck the money right out of me without so much as a smile or a thanks.

This attitude showed when I first checked into the Riviera.  The staff all looked like they were stressed and could barely be put off by taking your name and looking up your reservation.   I would have understood the attitude if there had actually been some kind of crowd checking in at the time. But there were many empty locations when I walked up and got the sour puss from the reception desk.  

When I had made my reservations (directly with the hotel)I has requested several details about the room I wanted.  I have a standard list of items I liek that has developed over years of hotel stays.  This list  was given to the hotel two months before check in.  But the person at reception had no idea of the desires given for the room.  Instead I was left negotiating a last minute change to get back to what I had originally requested in the first place.

At every meal in the place I never quite felt like I was getting full value for what I spent.  Sure it was "acceptable".  But I always felt the little extras that spell out attention to detail were missing.  The presentation was always unexciting and the garnishes were non-existent.  let's just say you could get the smae at any decent restaurant in Las Vegas.  For certain there is a better experience to be had any any other hotel restaurant.  The Bellagio's establishments easily come to mind. 

I also felt like I was being gouged for other hotel services I took advantage of.  One of them tat comes to mind is the shipping office.  I had a few things I didn't want to drag back on the plane with me.  While I was prepared to pay a little extra because of the shipping taking place at a hotel, I was actually disturbed at the inflated rates the Riviera charges its customers to send or revceive packages.  The plus side to the shipping office was the staff.  They had a great attitude when helping out the customer.  Something I found utterly lacking in the rest of the hotel save for the maids.

A quick note on the room pricing.  The Riviera is no deal at all.  I am not one to be cheap.  I even take a a generous attitude when it comes to tipping everyone, including the maid staff making up my room.  But I did not feel I had gotten the value I have come to expect from a major Las Vegas hotel.  You might get lucky and get the room at a low rate but that is where the value ends.  And in Vegas you never depend on luck when smarts will get you better rewards.

The best thing I can say about the Riviera is they had the same feel of the Dunes Hotel the last time I stay there years ago.  And we all know what happened to that place!  Time for the Riviera to be razed as well!  At this point the only good thing about the Riviera Hotel is the outside facade it presents in lights at night,

I will not be returning to Riviera hotel as any time in the future. if I can help it   I would even look elsewhere first for a room even if conference or trade show I am attending is in the Riviera hotel  And that my friends is saying a lot coming from a person whose falls into bed after all day at a trade show.
It's and OK place to stay, but not the best place to stay. Its far from the strip which I hated. My girlfriends and I stayed in the Monaco Tower, which I beleive is one of the newer towers there. It was decorated very modern and it had a flat screen TV, but the room was small and so was the bathroom for 3 girls to be sharing. The air conditioner sucked if you left it on for too long. But thank god we went to Vegas on a weekend where it was not to hot and muggy. So we managed. They have no issues with giving you extra towels.

The pool areas is nice, but you better get there early to reserve a chair. Which really stunk cause chair reservation should not be allowed especially when their are more chairs reserved than people in the pool or around the pool. I actually talked to the towel man and asked him if it was allowed to reserved a chair and he said no, so I made myself comfortable in someone elses chair and when they came 2 hours later, they just looked at me and kept moving to look for more seating....lol

The bar by the pool serves really good strawberry margarita, if your looking to have a virgin margarita.

Check in was a hassel since there was a long line and they use these automated check in services, but yet there is no one at the front desk to show those people who are not as computer savy how to use the machines, so those peopel held up the line.

Also, when walking by the pool at night, there are HUGE cockroaches everywhere!!! Quite disgusting.

The casino is BLAH!!! Do not expect to win anything there.

The next time you will catch me their, is if the rooms are free and I do not have to stay on the first couple of floors with the cockroaches.
Hahaha ha ha.  What a shithole.

Yep, like everyone else, we stayed here on a last-minute package vacation deal cuz it was cheap as hell.  I doubt anyone comes here because they actually choose to.  You think, whatever, I can gamble in another casino, or spend all my time in nicer casinos.  And that's exactly what you do.  Except there's a few things that are kind of annoying about staying in a shitty hotel/casino and spending all your time in nicer places, like having to return to your shitty hotel/casino in the middle of the night.  And having to wake up there and go down to your shitty pool.  And having no convieniently-located dining options except for shitty restaurants.  

The staff was ok.  No one was rude, surprisingly - people were actually pretty friendly and jolly overall, said hi and how are you whenever we walked past.  Except for the security guard who told me to put my flip-flops back on my swollen and blistered feet was I was walking to my room.  Harumph.  They had no problem with me walking barefoot through the Bellagio or the Venetian - one of the managers at the Bellagio laughed when he saw me do it and said "Good idea!"  Stupid Riviera.

Room was ok.  Clean, average.  Air conditioner was kind of noisy.

Casino sucks, and is depressing.  Cocktail waitresses are scarce, and when they do take your order, take a goddamn eon to deliver it.  And god help you if you don't tip every single time - you'll get a nice dose of baditude and some audible snide comments.  Barely any tables open, even on Saturday night.

Pool is lame.  Deep enough to dive into, but that's about the only good part.  Reminds me of a Best Western or Motel 6 pool.  Not cool.

Restaurants are not only lame, but downright laughable.  With all the amazing dining options in Vegas, they expect people to be stupid enough to eat at a putrid-looking Asian restaurant that serves California rolls in bento boxes along with chow mein and kung pao chicken, or an Italian restaurant so creatively entitled "Ristorante Italiano".  Yeah, you gotta be f'n kidding me.

All in all, if you have really, really low expectations, don't mind walking about 20 minutes to get somewhere nice, and this isn't your first Vegas trip (unlike my bf, unfortunately) then go ahead and stay here, and don't eat at any of the restaurants.
This was the fifth casino I wandered into last night, and it was also the very first that provided me with a visit from a cocktail waitress as soon as I sat down to play.  Just as with my last visit, the waitress immediately appeared and took my order, then delivered it promptly.  All the while she was smiling and very polite.  

Other yelpers have complained about slow cocktail service, but that's never been my experience at the Riviera.  

It did appear to me that there were fewer machines on the floor than last time.  The selection didn't seem to be up to par, but I still found one that I could lose some money in.
Riviera Hotel is a totally piece of crap that you want to avoid at all cost. I am not gambling person. I just stayed for one night rest when I traveled to Utah. The room was horrible and suspiciously unclean, and worst the shower didn't work. For the fee they charged me, the room was unacceptable. I wonder why this piece of junk had not been demolished for good. AVOID it.

It does not deserve even just one star. Yelp, why don't you guys provide 0 star choice  for better rating experience? You have a candidate for it here.
Oldschool and dumpy.  We only stopped here because it was over 100 degrees and we were walking from the Hilton to the Strip and needed to take a break.  We signed up for the Players Club and were offered a choice of free tickets to any of the shoes or slot credits.  We took the slot credits just because we did not have time for a show.  However one of the shows was Charo who have seen  in the past.  She is awesome and funny so if you are in Vegas stop into the Riviera and get free tickets.  Also  there is a topless magic show dubbed "Abracasexy". 

Another plus is that an ABC store is located in this dump.  A great place to buy cheap drinks and snacks.  Long live ABC stores and the cheap Hawaiian iced teas they carry!
Stayed at the Riviera in March as part of a spring break trip with a bunch of my fraternity brothers.  The price we got on it from travelocity was $320 for 4 nights and round trip airfare- not too shabby.  

I think all of us were pleased with our rooms.  They looked like they were recently redone as they had flat panel HDTV's in all the rooms, the beds were neat with what looked like new bedding, and the rooms were clean.  Seeing how most of us only slept in them for about 4-6 hours at a time before heading back out they were perfect.  The pool was nothing special, but the towel service was free, and we never had a problem getting chairs.

The casino is small and has $5 minimums on most games.  I found waitress service to be pretty good, and usually was getting a new corona around the time I was finishing my last one.  All the dealers and players were pretty nice (one dealer even remembered me from a few nights before).  

The hotel is on the North Strip which a lot of people complain about- for us it wasn't bad since we spent a lot of time at Slots-a-Fun and had no problem taking the walk down to the Wynn or Encore when we were feeling more classy.  We did however not really get to see too much of the South Strip.  The Riv is also within walking distance of the Capriotti's on W.Sahara.  Good experience, and I'd stay here again.
first time staying here stayed only becasue of price at last minute i agree its time to level this hotel and build new one great back in 70s but now no way in resturaunt  we fought flys needed ride to primm nevada no clue from staff at cab area room was clean bed were good this is the first hotell ive been in that didnt have a couch or chair in the  registration area had to stand and wait till 12 to get room. i hope to never stay here again it kinda spoils your trip when you have a dumpy hotel once again the good thing was the price at last minute
Ok... I payed 25 dollars on Priceline so I can't complain too much... But...
So as we pass by all the beautiful Vegas hotels, Bellagio, Wynn & Encore, I start to get excited because I'm in Vegas. But nothing to kill your Vegas boner like seeing the Riviera in the daytime.
 
Damn.

So old school, walking in I had all these 80 flashback moments when my grandma use to take me to Vegas when I was like 4.

The rooms were ok... But then something tells you to look down at the sheets and no.
Are those stains?
"Yes"...
White ones?
"Yes"...

Yea.... So the only way to remedy this is to B.Y.O.B. (Bring your own blankets), or ask house keeping for one of those felt sheets. Fold it in half and sleep on top of the sheets.

Our toilet was clogged with hair when we arrived. I swear I had a Ring/ Dark Water/ Grudge moment.

The pool was cute. Thats about it.

Of course who really sleeps in Vegas though sooo.... If I ever do a turn around again I will check this out for 25.
It's not a bad hotel, but it's not the best either.  It's like the Motel 6 on the strip.  The bathroom needs to be updated with new counter tops and sinks. This hotel makes me feel like I'm in Vegas, but in the 60's or something.  The crowd is older and more hick.  Even though the price is cheaper, you're paying a lot for cab prices.  So why not just spend the cab money on a hotel closer to the strip and be fabulous?  Unless you are driving, then sure why not stay here.

It does have a very vintage Vegas feeling to it.  :-)
This place is pretty old and not really well-located on the Strip.  it is down near Circus Circus.  One day, this will be prime real estate, but today isn't that day.  Circus Circus will likely come down in the not-so-distant future as part of MGM's plan for expansion.  When that happens, who knows what they will do with "The Riv".  And if MGM flops with the City Center project opening soon (I have mixed feelings on that one) it may be a LONG time until this part of the Strip gets a much needed facelift.

Inside, this place is old, but it is holding up because the ceilings aren't low like you find in some old casinos (think Trop).  I go in for a drink from time to time.  The bartenders are friendly and the drinks are cheap.  That is a plus.

I usually complain about it when they tear down old places like this, so I am giving three stars.  A massive renovation and expansion could bring this property up to speed, I feel.  However, don't hold your breath.  I haven't stayed in the hotel so this review does not cover that.
Walking into this place is like stepping back in time.  Circa 1978.  Back in the day, my parents would come to Vegas to see Rich Little, Joan Rivers, and Frank.  (if you ask "Frank who?" I will punch you in the crotch).  And the Riviera was the place to be.  Emphasis on WAS.

Today, it's just a relic of what used to be hot in 1970s Vegas.  Oh, sure, they boast of "upgraded" rooms on their website.  Really, it's just a change in furniture and new linens.  That would be like your grandma getting a boob job.  Her tits would look like they belonged on a 20 year old, but the rest of her would still be busted.  Old, wrinkled, and hella busted.

So why did I stay here, you ask?  Good question.  I was here for a conference, and the room was pre-paid.  If I could do it all again, I would have stayed at the Bellagio and commuted down the strip everyday.

This whole end of the strip is sketchy.  Not as sketchy as downtown (a crack head once offered to eat me out. it was scary), but I wouldn't wander around outside after dark.  I don't think that I would return unless someone paid me.  Even then.....
If you choose to be a cheap ass & stay at the Riviera, you can't really bitch & moan about the outdated decor & the hotel's lack of overall fabulosity. Obviously, this place is way past it's prime, but you get what you pay for; so if you're willing to shell out $450-$550 a night, you can stay at the Bellagio or Venetian & be amongst the *happy* reviewers who *just adored* their fancy hotel & therefore, gave it 5 shining stars. But, if you are booking last minute (like we did) or aren't ballin' outta control, you're gonna have to settle for the Riviera & all its shortcomings, including some ghetto clientele & no aesthetically pleasing place to rest your eyes.

Look at that, i guess you *can* really bitch & moan, despite paying dirt cheap prices. I'm an ungrateful bastard, what do you want from me?

"Meh, I've experienced better," but an extra star for:
- we tipped the lady when checking in & she upgraded us to a suite
- every person on staff we encountered was super pleasant & helpful
- ABC stores in the hotel that sells my favorite drink in the world: hawaiian sun!
- pretty good value, considering you're still staying on the strip.
Our trip was for both business and pleasure since we were here with family and friends for a conference so we HAD to stay at the Riviera because all conference attendees had to stay at the conference hotel.  The ONLY good thing was that the beds were very comfortable. Check-in was terrible. Despite reservations made three months in advance, and phone confirmations made one month ahead and again two days ahead, they had the reservation wrong when we checked in and we almost didn't have a room for the four-day conference. When we got in our room (at midnight), we found trash from previous guests in cabinets. The next day, we mentioned it to the maid who was cleaning the room next door. When we returned after the room had been "serviced," the trash was still there. WE had to collect it and throw it out. The room was never vacuumed our entire four-day stay. (I know because there were strings and bits of paper on the floor when we arrived and they were still there when we left.)  Used towels were NOT replaced, despite following the hotel's directions about leaving towels on the floor or on the rack to "save water." 

But the worst discovery was the day before we were scheduled to check out. One of our party had won $200 in the Riviera's casino two days before. He didn't want it on his person so he left the money buried in his luggage in the room. (Not a good idea, I know, but his partner had just been mugged on the street two days earlier in Chicago and he was feeling wary.) When he returned to the room, the money had been taken from his wallet, which was inside a bag, buried inside his suitcase, in a locked room. The charger for his new iPhone had also been stolen. Of course, we have no proof, but we believe the hotel maid staff is responsible. The hotel's security was completely useless ("Here, fill out a theft report.") which is really a laugh. [When we checked in, we were told not to order any delivery food (like off-casino pizza delivery) because the security guards keep close watch, and the hotel will fine guests an exorbitant amount if they catch a delivery person going to your room.] But if someone (likely a hotel employee) steals from you, security doesn't seem much interested. We told them we were checking out immediately and moving to a different hotel (the La Quinta Airport on Paradise, which we HIGHLY recommend!) and, after talking with a manager, they did refund that room for one night. But it wasn't much recompense for the loss and for all the anguish and the ruin of an otherwise enjoyable conference weekend. Find another hotel!
Don't stay here. I was ROBBED here. If I could give zero stars I would.

SInce I could be held legally liable if I make any accusations, I'll simply say that I left a cell phone charger plugged into the wall behind the bedside table and $200 in my wallet hidden in a messenger bag in my suitcase in my locked room at 9:30am and when I came back around 3:30pm the room was cleaned and so was my wallet. Those are the facts. Anyone with some common sense could put two and two together. My charger was also missing. Take that for what you will. The cleaning staff denied anything and were not helpful. They actually threatened to call security because I was upset (to which I responded I should call the cops because I was robbed) but I said get security up here, they should know I've been robbed. Security looked around the room but ultimately did not nothing but had me fill out a "report," and of course I've heard nothing from them since.

As a COURTESY, we were not charged for leaving our hotel early, because I obviously I did not want to stay in a hotel, let alone the room, where I was robbed. Of course, I had already paid the price for staying with them and then some, but that was of no concern to them.

I'm fully aware that one should not leave valuables in the room, but its not like I left this sitting out in the open. "Whoever" took it, clearly went through my stuff to find it. Either way, the hotel took no responsibility whatsoever and was anything but apologetic. Whether it was hotel staff, another guest with secret agent skills and a master key, or a magic unicorn that stole my money and iPhone charger, this hotel is clearly not a secure place to stay. It ruined my entire experience in Las Vegas.

Don't stay here. Just don't. Find any other place.
Wow, people were really harsh about this hotel...but our room was decent and clean (well not clean on arrival at 4, but we dumped our stuff and took off for the strip) and upon returning in an hour the room was tidy. Look folks, we've paid three times as much for half the room in NYC so this was really not so bad...really. We stayed in the "Monaco Tower"? And we had a comfy King size bed with a flat screen TV. We are non-smokers which in Vegas makes us outcasts I know....but our room smelled fresh and smoke free (very important to us). Yeah the Casino and pool area are a tad dated, but the ABC store open all night was handy when we came in at 1:30 needing a quick snack to take back to the room. We were able to walk from our hotel down the strip (this was Oct. and in the low 80's, so doable). So I'd say all the horror stories here I guess had me prepared for the absolute worst, and I've stayed in much worse. This was okie Dokie....so quit your bitchin', you want 5 stars go stay at a 5 star....
What a joke.   I had to wait 20 minutes to get in Andrew Dice Clay show and 20 minutes in line for a drink.   There was no cocktail servers in the room ..   $116 for VIP tickets (each) and I can't get a drink?   I love dice - but please.  I paid for VIP tickets and this overweight Latin host says I need to tip her $20 to be closer.   Why pay for VIP.  Management check her, shes bad news. 

Hooters is nicer than this rat hole. Tear it down.  

And dice come on I'll pay more to see you at a nicer venue.
Remember the Carter Administration? Yeah, I do too, and I was reminded of it walking through this dump.

It's hard to believe that the Riv was once Dean Martin's home turf - what the hell happened?

This whole end of the Strip is extremely depressing: meth heads lurking about, various other shady characters (think People of Wal-Mart parts 1,2, and 4!) and this was during the day, my friends. 

My friend's grandmother used to stay here all the time; she's been comped rooms here since the 70's, which was probably the last time the ash trays were emptied. I made a quick trip up here, just for nostalgia sake, and beat a path for the door as soon as I got a Bloody Mary in hand.  The bartender was very friendly and the drink strong (reason for the extra star). There's a lingering sadness about the place, one of better days, like taking a trip to Versailles.

Visiting the Riviera is like watching your dog die.  I, for one, won't shed a tear when this puppy is finally put to sleep.
So as usual-photoshoot in the desert and decided to stay in Vegas to have some fun. Went to hotels.com and looked at the cheap hotels-I saw the Riviera on the list and hadn't stayed here before so I thought I'd give it a try. I noticed on the reservation that I could choose the upgrade of "Encore Room" so I paid the whopping $8 more and was blown away by the room. the whole price was under $40 for a Sunday and the room was super!! Flatscreen tv, ipod dock radio, granite bathroom with fancy soaps. The bed was to die for. I only wish I had had some company ;0)

The bad stuff-it's in a lame part of the strip-oh right-it's on the strip. Parking is abysmal and confusing-no valets and it's hard to load and unload your bags, the front desk people are like drill instructors. But did you see that it was UNDER $40!!! The last room I stayed in that was as nice was the Doubletree in San Jose-and it was $120 a night. Do it...
I'm so not intersted in hotels in Vegas, I'm the if there's a bed and shower sorta girl I'm cool. However since this hotel was close to all of Former Yelp Elite Member Carol C Vegas Wedding Weekend Agenda, I picked this one. First impression mean everything to me and I was not impressed at all by the first contact to this hotel, the check in is so cold and in-personal. You have to use a Kiosk to check in, then the person standing behind the counter will give you a room key and of course the "just in case you break crap in our room" bill. I even told the 
Guest Service Rep. how impersonal their check in system was, supposedly it's suppose to make things easier..WHATEVER! okay I'm calm now and make my way to my King size bedroom in the Morango Tower and surprise, surprise, the room was nice and clean and decent and actually quite nice. Once I settled in, I decided to walk amongst the hotel grounds and this place is HUGE, they have everything.. their own tattoo parlour, their own wedding chapel, hair salon, their own mini mall ( including my favorite ABC store), their own shows and theater and convention center, pool and tennis courts included, I even got a water massage. Several restaurants to choose from and was just giggly to see they had my penny slut machines. Okay for what I didn't like... after all day/night of partying it's so tiresome to walk all that way to your room, 2ndly why have the DO NOT DISTURB SIGN UP, when I'm sleeping off a hangover just for the maid to open my locked door and whisper Housekeeping,she quickly closed the door when she noticed I was still in bed asleep. Besides that I can see myself here again and most likely will. Oh and did I mention I won $ 150 on the penny sluts playing $20.00... VEGAS BABY , VEGAS!
After spending a whole day traipsing around Death Valley, I was merely looking for a place to rest my weary head. So I got on Hotwire and found the cheapest 3 star hotel there was located on the strip and got the Riviera (just for reference I got it for $28 on a Wednesday night). I wasn't expecting much and that's exactly what I got. The casino floor feels like a library. There are maybe about ten people on the whole floor. 

The room surprised me though. I'm pretty sure the room hasn't been renovated since it was built but they did change two things. The beds are plush and comfortable and there is a flat screen TV. The two things that a man needs to be happy. Plus it didn't stink unlike some other lower quality places on the strip (ahem....Imperial Palace....ahem)

My biggest gripe is the location. It's located just north of the Wynn so it's far away from the action. Luckily I had a car so it wasn't too bad.
I'm giving this the top rating because it's way more than I expected for the price.  Most of the bad reviews are from people comparing this to the nicer hotels and casinos on the strip.  Not a fair comparison.  It's a great 3-star hotel off the main part of the strip.

Staff:  The staff here are super friendly, from the woman greeting me at the front desk to the guy who unlocked my room safe.
Room:  Clean, nice, modern.  Nothing fancy.  Ask for the Monaco Tower.  Other rooms are apparently older.
Location: Perfect if you're going to CES since it backs onto the LVCC parking lot.  Literally a 6-minute walk from my room to the conference center.  Others on the main strip had to wait for shuttles, pay for cabs, and fight through traffic.  It's also a $6 cab ride to the Wynn or a relatively safe 20 minute walk.
Casino:  Looks lame but that's not part of my review.  Just talking about a cheap, safe, clean, convenient place to stay.

If you're coming to Vegas for CES or anything at the LVCC, the Riviera is perfect.  If you're coming to lounge around at your hotel then you'll probably want to pay the extra $$$ and stay on the main part of the strip.
We came here as part of a conference. The rooms were pretty beat up, my bathroom had no fan, and though the beds were comfortable I couldn't sleep because the space under the dividing door was large allowing entire conversations to disturb me from next door. Also, since so many people smoke, the linens smelled like cigarettes as they had obviously been washed with smokers' linens.
The hotel lobby itself was a mixture of disgusting cigarette smoke (stale) blinking lights and cocktail waitresses and carpeting that looked like they had been there since the 70s. It was horrible and tacky.
The conference rooms themselves were thankfully smoke free, so I mostly ran from the conference room up to my room. Overall the conference area of the hotel was functional and well lit, with clean bathrooms. One problem however was coffee. Apparently we were "foreigners" because we wanted espresso. There wasn't a starbucks or decent latte to be found anywhere near the hotel.
Mostly what upsets me about he whole experience, is that we paid three times as much at the "special conference price" for a crappy hotel room that was going for a third of the price on the riviera's website. So I paid $99 for a room advertised that night for $27. I think the conference was taken for a ride. Circus Circus across the street as well as the Hilton a little down the way were going for very reduced prices as well: Circus Circus $30, Hilton $49. If you are conference organizer, the conference space was great, but organize better prices at a nicer hotel.
I would give this "hotel" a negative 5 stars if it were possible. I was harassed catcalled and followed during my stay. I filed a report with "security" but they are NOT to be trusted. Some of my items were missing. I checked out but never got any refund for the rest of my week and a half stay. This place is NOT SAFE especially for women. PLEASE BEWARE!!
This is an  OK. place to stay  in Las Vegas. The room looked clean.  The AC was working and the air did not smell of Cigarette smoke.  I had a nice view of the Las Vegas strip.  My room  had a desk with a marble top.  I really like it, since it gave the room a touch of class. Room was quiet.  The hotel does have a convenience store downstairs and a good breakfast cafe (Kadies, opens at 6 AM). It is located on the northern edge of the Las Vegas strip, across from Circus Circus. 

On the other hand, it did not have free WIFI.  I think paying 9 dollars to get 1 Mbs internet access is ridiculous.  No complimentary coffee and tea.  The room had an alarm clock, but the time on the clock was off by 10 to 15 minutes.  I could not figure out how to reset the clock time.  If I did, the alarm clock would be more useful.  Moreover, you cannot set the temp of the room.  All rooms have the same temperature setting, if you do not like it , too bad.
Hey, It was my first time...as an adult...in Vegas; The Riviera was cheap.
Although our room was facing construction, it was more than enough for us. What do you do when you're in Vegas?? SLEEP?! I think not....We used it for our day naps, and our opportunities to make some pre-drinks. We are a young couple and it was perfect for us. We took the deuce EVERYWHERE and drove the final day....perfectly convenient. The staff was, as said, low on customer service. Overall, It was exactly what we needed. We probably wouldn't stay there again, mostly because we loved some of the other casinos a little more.
If you're looking for a great deal, while still having a nice clean room to rest your head, check it out.
This review is for the casino only, and after hanging out there for a couple hours, I probably would not consider getting a room here, even if it was free. I'm the kind of person that doesn't mind paying a little more for service, or at least some personality. 

I dropped my money off at the blackjack tables, and the roullete table, and of the six or seven different dealers that ran them, NOT ONE was polite, funny or even smiling. If you're gonna take my money, at least give me a smile. Smiles are free at McDonalds, and they have a dollar menu. The last table I played, the Roullete dealer barked at me for picking up my chips too soon, and gave me a look that made me want to knock his nose in. The waitress that was taking drinks at first did not want to give me a drink because I wasn't seated, and when I showed her my stack of chips on the table, she rolled her eyes back and said, "well whadda ya want then?" Don't these people work on tips? Yeah, stay the hell away from this place.
I wish I could drop the rating below the one star mark.... a while back I had to complete a western union transaction and the riviera was marked as the closest spot to me at the time.  Oh how I wish there was an alternative place to do business... everyone in the cage was rude and condescending.  I mean, its not like I was asking them to jump through hoops.  They took a tone with me so that I knew THEY were in charge of this encounter.  LOL   I havent been back to the property since, nor do I have any intention of going back.  I drove by there yesterday and my encounter popped into my head triggering this bad memory.   I will spare you the specific details of what they said, but just know... customer service is at a low priority here!   Sad.....
I don't go to vegas to sleep.

That said - the Riviera was just okay.  The room was decent and the staff was pretty friendly.  Yeah, the pool is nothing to write home about, but it's not like you're planning on giving your mom a play-by-play of what you did in Vegas so that's not that big of a deal.

Basically, you can buy a bunch of drinks for the money you save on the hotel room so I'm a fan - why not?
Nice place to get an idea of what "Old Vegas" was about.  Decent food and nice selection of table games and machines.  Truly beyond it's prime.
When your taxi driver tells you he hasn't been here in years and wouldn't touch a thing in the place, and your room rate was astoundingly cheap when you booked, you start to wonder what the place is going to be like, and you hope your (low) expectations are not going to be met. Unfortunately, they will be. I took one look around here, interacted with a few scowling, unfriendly, unhelpful staff members, and decided I'd rather fork out the one night's cancellation and relocate to the Hilton across the street than spend two nights here. Three people who didn't told me how smart I was. You've been warned. It's depressing; filled with people gambling away their social security checks and chain smoking. Avoid.
Had I known about the Bellagio special up the street that made their rooms almost the same cost as the rooms in this crappy hotel, I never would have stayed here. In fact I bet the only reason our conference was at this hotel was because they probably gave our society some amazing deal on conference space rental probably because they had no other business otherwise.

Why do you ask? Well let me tell you. First, the WHOLE hotel smells like smoke. I know it is legal in Vegas blah blah blah, but this hotel reeked. AND to top it off, our no-smoking room smelled so much like cigarettes it made me and my roommate have a headache and made all of our clothes instantly smell like it too!

You ask, well you should have called to have your room switched? WELL I DID. And I had to be transferred 4 times before I could talk to a manager who then maybe believed me that my room smelled like smoke. I AM THE CUSTOMER! And when it comes to second hand smoke you and your hotel should really try a little harder to please your guests. So they had to send up an inspector to ENSURE that the room actually smelled like smoke, because they still didn't believe me since I was in the non-smoking tower, and they claimed there was no way it could smell that way.

Guess what, the inspector walked in and said, wow it really does smell like smoke in here. And we FINALLY got transferred about an hour later! This is just unacceptable treatment. And the hotel didn't say sorry, didn't comp us or anything. 

Know what else was bad? Well their key cards for the doors were constantly not working, the hair dryer only worked in 2 second intervals and then would need over 10 minutes of rest before it could be turned on again, the wifi is slow and pricey, the drink girls were how do i say this nicely totally not vegas material, the decor just made me feel run down just looking at it, the food in this hotel is not good, and last but not least? Well, this hotel is so unpopular (maybe the scary clown across the street at circus circus scares some away), that you cannot get a cab here to save your life. I waited 20 minutes until a cab was bold enough to drive down the cab lane. And when I got in and said I was going to the Bellagio, my driver asked, oh is that where you are staying? This hotel isn't very good. At that moment I knew that I was officially jealous of everyone I knew in the Bellagio, and that I would never stay at this hotel ever again. 

Oh ya, and with our room with two queen beds, they charged us $20 extra a night for a third guest! When two people could sleep in one of those beds!!! Grrrrrr
I stayed at the Riviera for only $29. I thought it was great. I can't believe people are complaining about the rooms! Next time go to the Bellagio and spend $300 an night! Not only did I get a great price on the room, but I also got Half Price show tickets for some great shows like Barbra & Frank and the greatest comedy club in Vegas - The Riviera Comedy Club. I got the coupons at http://tinyurl.com/2e8wb6v or 
http://www.destinationcoupons.com
We go to Vegas once a year and have stayed at the Riviera for the past 4. I always considered it a great deal until this year. The room was dirty when we arrived and the maid never did clean up the blue stuff on the floor. The dealers are depressing the past two years I've had dealers with injured hands complaining of how much pain they were in. Riviera fills a niche of an affordable casino on the strip but they definately need some team building and quality control in the housekeeping and casino depts.
This hotel and casino for sure fits into the old school vegas.  It's still vintage like something out of a movie.  When I first entered I walked through the food court.  Yeah I said it...a freaking food court, it didn't even feel like i was in vegas, maybe some small town's mall.  The neon lights were mostly faded showing of signs of wear and tear.  

So why was i here? My friend was in a pool tournament, the BCAPL National 8 ball championship.  Their pool room is actually not half bad.  I know nothing about competitive pool but it was interesting to see all them playing head to head and only missing at the most 1-2 shots a match.  

It felt like EPSN on sunday afternoons without football.
I stayed here after my friend received a great deal on priceline for $50/night during the SUMMER!  This wknd in Vegas was overly packed, so we were happy when we got such a great deal on a hotel!  Let me start by saying that I didnt really know that this hotel was so far down the strip... but its fine.. we could deal with the distance- not a big deal at all.

First off.. we reserved a two bed, non smoking room.. When we went to check in they had given our room up to whoever, and all that was left were a one bed non smoking or SMOKING rooms.  The lady at the front desk obviously didnt give two craps about what we wanted and basicalyl said too bad.. and said she would send a roll away.  Fine. Whatever.  it was already late and I had some late night partying to do, so we took what we got (the one bedroom non-smoking) and made our way to the room.  

The room was nice!  It was clean, it wasn't dingy, the beds looked new, the bathrooms redone!  Ok.. not so bad at all!  But an hour later, where was the roll away?!  We called the front desk and the woman has the nerve to tell us that they have 1 runner for 5 buildings, AND that because we booked it on PRICELINE,  we basically would have to wait longer.  Excuse me?!  What does HOW the room was booked have to do with the type of service we receive?!  Umm manager please!  

The manager apologized and said that the employees are not allowed to make comments such as that.  Within two minutes, the rollaway arrived.  

The next day after lunch, we returned to our hotel for a mid-afternoon nap (hey we partied till 5 am.. we were tired!) So we decided to give our car back to the valet.  It was full, but the previous nite, the valet was nice and held our car till they found a spot for us- no hassle.  This time- "im sorry the valet is full".  But we had seen TWO people pick their cars UP from valet.  how can it be full?

Then the valet guy asked us what room we were staying in, so we told him.  His answer, " well Im not supposed to valet for you anyways".  WHAT?!  Apparently that valet is reserved for ONLY people in THIS building, but there is NO OTHER VALET in the hotel.  Are you kidding me!?  

Parked the car, then went to the manager AGAIN.  His answer to this situation? "Im sorry thats a different department."  wtf.  He was going to comp us breakfast for the morning, basically to quiet us down.. but what he should have done after ALL that is comped us ONE night in the damn hotel, especially because we listed every complaint we had from the beginning.

All in all, the place it self wasnt bad.  But the service in this place makes this place totally NOT worth staying at (and btw, apparently a LOT of other ppl were complaining too).  Do not stay here if you want a pleasant experience!
After booking my room on priceline I read a bunch of bad reviews on the web and was dreading my stay there. Since I named my price on priceline there was no way I could get out of it... and I tried. I was stuck! 

Check-in went smooth, I was greeted by friendly, helpful staff. The casino's air filter system was noticeable better than some of the other casinos I had visited. The room was surprisingly nice!! The room looked like it had been recently remodeled, current decor, clean, and a flat screen TV with a nice view of the courtyard and pool. The beds were very comfortable which included extra pillows, synthetic down comforters and a pillow top mattress. The bathroom was clean, modern and stocked with Bath & Body soap, lotion, etc. All that and I only spent $40 for the room on priceline (and that was for a Friday night)!!!!

My only complaint would be how early they close down the pool area (7pm on a Friday night) but they have a life guard on staff and in Las Vegas's present economic situation, I guess shutting down the pool early isn't unreasonable. 

It is located at the end of the strip, across the street from Circus Circus. If you are looking to walk out of your hotel and see a roller coaster, pirate ship and/ or Celine Dion then it probably isn't a good location. 

I am not sure why there are so many bad reviews online? Perhaps some bitter gamblers that went home broke, or some unreasonable tourists that couldn't afford a real vacation so they ended up going to Vegas looking for that Paris vacation and left disappointed??
Apparently desperate times call for desperate measures. 

I stayed here last year for the Singapore Math convention and swore blind never again to patronize this hotel... I hate it when I find myself having to eat my words...

This year, I'm attending the same conference with a friend who, after four rounds of chemotherapy has difficulty walking and in need of frequent naps. With such limited options, I reluctantly re-booked the hotel.

The staff were lackluster last year and this time, again, they didn't disappoint. 

They made it clear that they would not provide any special services in spite of my friend's afflicted state. I could get a coffee-maker for my sparsely furnished (but clean) room - but that would cost me $40 for our three nights.

I wished I could say we made up for it with cheap room rates... we didn't... our pitiful room cost $99 a night - special conference rates, apparently. A horrific rip-off, even by Las Vegas standards, especially considering we have to walk through 110 deg temperatures in the outdoors to get to the restaurants.

Next year, we're putting the room rental money towards taxi fares from the Bellagio.

Boooooooo.
Ok
Got a smokin' deal on this hotel on Priceline.
Was very nervous....

BUT AWESOMENESS!
We arrived on a Friday night, no line for check in, got in the newly renovated tower (Monaco).... and found that our room was modernly appointed, with a flatscreen tv and a comfy bed!

So... hells yes I'd stay here again if I wanted to do Vegas uber uber cheap!
I like many others was pleased to get a hotel room in Vegas for $50/night on a summer weekend. The room was pretty nice. Comfy mattress and nice television. However, I was very disappointed to discover that when I got back to the room after being out all day, $40 had been stolen from my bag! I could have used the safe for $3.50/day, but I've never had this happen at any hotel I've stayed at and since I didn't leave it laying around I had no idea that somebody would go through all my stuff to find money. What was even worse was I reported it to hotel security and they came to the room to do a report and I haven't heard anything from the hotel about it. It's only been a few days, but I know if I was a business owner I would follow up on something like this within a day. I mean, at least offer me show tickets, buffet tickets, anything. I will never stay there again.
All I can say is that this is just a step up from The Plaza. Pretty run down and bugs in the lobby bathrooms. Housekeepng does a piss poor job cleaning. Stinks when they are done. Hairs on comforter.

All n all pretty gross and wouldn't  be broken hearted if it got raised for the builing of something new.   Save your money and stay at Encore or the Wynn.
Rude staff.   Below average rooms.
I have stayed here twice now - both times for one night only. I have to say - I AM A FAN! The rooms that I have had - one King Room and one suite were fantastic value for money and were clean and well decorated.

The casino floor is far from amazing, but I kind of like the old fashioned vibe that it has. It is run down in places, but when you consider the price paid for the value you get - AMAZING!

It would be a big shame to lose hotels like the Riviera. They give a reminder of the older Vegas and luckily a reminder of old Vegas room prices!

Long live the Riviera!
3.75 stars. Value. 

This is what the Riveria is about. Don't say it's a terrible place! 

For a less than $75 per night reservation, it's pretty decent and comfortable and you're still on The Strip! Though the service at the Registration Desk may not be above par, you will be serviced but not particularly in a prompt and friendly manner. But again, who cares! 

There was an electrical blackout during our stay at The Riveria, so the A/C and the electricity was out until the evening. So wait time wasn't great, but we did end up getting a clean room at the Monaco Towers. King-sized bed, TV, bathroom...all clean and good to go.  

HOUSEKEEPING: We had the "do not disturb" sign during the day, but housekeeping still cleaned our room. I guess they don't pay attention to signs at these hotels! 

PERKS: large parking lot and nice pool area.
got a room very cheap on priceline. well, much cheaper than other hotels. Overall, paid just a few dollars less than if I'd gone directly through the hotel. 

casino smells very heavily of smoke, but it is an older casino, so to be expected?... But definitely noticed the smoke it more than at the other casinos we visited. 

check-in line on friday night at 10:30pm was LONG and took about 25 minutes. The lady taking care of us was not friendly, but also not rude.

Bellman was prompt and friendly.

Was able to upgrade from the smoking tower to the next nicer tower. 
Room was clean. And upon checkout, I was told the upgrade would be $10/day (2 days) but was only charged the resort fee of $15and change.

Parking was pretty awful. Often Valet was full (as was self-park). Once at the valet stand, he said they were full but asked what room we were in. He suggested we try self park again but if we couldn't find anything, to come back to him and he'd see what he could do. This incident made me think of another yelp review I'd read about a  customer being told that their car couldn't be valeted because they were in the cheap tower. WHAT?!?
It seems there was another parking garage WAAAAY at the back of the hotel property but there were no signs indicating so. So the last night we were there, we actually parked in the HILTON parking garage! what a hassle!!!


The times we did use valet, they were prompt.

Would do my best to try one of the other less than stellar hotels (like casino royale or imperial palace) before coming here again
This hotel is probably side by side just as bad as Circus Circus and Stratosphere. It is close than both those hotels as far as the strip is concerned but they are both far from all the action. There is not much going in or around the Casino as far as gambling or young activity so unless your like 70+ and your boring. 
The hotel rooms itself are ok and if you are on a budget than you have to do what you have to do right? 
The good to this place is that there is a good cheesesteak place and the wynn is only walking distance from the hotel so you can always have fun at the Wynn or Encore but you are not staying there. 
Ive experience better.....
The Asian restaurant here called the Banana Leaf was surprisingly very, very good with riendly service.  The Queen Victoria pub is ok but good for a little variety on beer.  And we picked up a medium pizza with 2 drinks via room service, and it was only like $20, which we thought was pretty good for room service at 2am.

Other than the above 3, I would not eat at many other locations at this casino.
Let's start with the good: A man named 'Wasi' at the brunch buffet was exceptionally attentive and friendly. Apart from that? ...the pool didn't have too much chlorine in it.

If the price makes you excited to be getting a place 'on the strip,' calm down. The Riviera is a sad, crumbling grasp at the Vegas experience. We found a cockroach in our room and I *had to ask* that we be compensated with something more than a new room. They gave us two comps for a 15$ buffet I wouldn't have paid 5$ for.
I know this place has history and is part of the Las Vegas Legacy, however We went here for the APA Nationals where over 800 pool teams and over 1000 players were going to be staying or residing here at some point throughout the week. 

Way under staffed for the amount of people. 
The first night we arrived, we went through 6 sets of room keys that DID NOT work...everytime we wanted to go to our room, we had to stop by the front desk and ask them to again fix our keys, and send security up to let us in, if the keys did not work.  Finally we got switched to a better room the next day, with a key that worked, however the only comp we got was a free breakfast at their horrible buffet... yuck! 

The good points:
The pool, the poker tables, the victoria pub, and the new room was really nice. 

If we do make it back to vegas again for nationals, I will stay at the Hilton!
I stay here @ least 2 to 3 times a year. Always good service, plus I get discounts with them now :-) Rooms are cozy & clean & they have mini refrigerators in the rooms!
Our group stayed here for our Vegas trip. I would have much more liked to stay in a burlap sack. I understand that renovations take time and money. Seeing that this place robs people at the table, you would think ALL of thier rooms would reflect that. NOPE

They have 4 different buildings and unfortunatley my friend was in the "old building". His room was literally 2 beds and a TV. The service at the front desk is non existant and the bellhop looks like they are angry at you.  

I couldnt complain about my room but i wondered to myself...why aren't all the rooms like this? The Wold Fare Buffet was disgusing and there is a food court inside of the Casino with all terrible eateries. 

They just need to punch up this place alot more to be competing with other Hotel and Casinos on the Vegas Strip.
Friendly bell hops are now ghosts, so is the Valet service.  Check in is now kiosk automated so when asking a desk clerk for service, don't be surprised they look and act annoyed.  There is a fee for the room safe usage now.  (It surprised me to keep my valuables safe, I had to pay $3 EACH time I opened the safe).  The casino Host never returned my email nor contacted me while my last stay (remember the appearingly annoyed front desk clerk? my message for the Host went via the clerk).  I will be bypassing a stay @ the Riviera Hotel and the nostalgia 'of an old vegas strip Hotel' will remain in my memories as 'days of old'.
The best part of the casino is the outside (featured in the movie, "Showgirls"). Otherwise, this place is super smoky. It feels like a downtown casino. I've been to two showrooms (the comedy club and La Cage show)- extremely uncomfortable folding chair seating and you're packed in there like sardines. And a ways from the stage, I might add.
My group of about 20 booked here for my wedding. The prices were at a amazing rate. Some of us got the old rooms, some of us got the newly renovated rooms. Our room must have been one of the best because everyone seemed shocked when they walked into our room...flat screen, big comfy king size bed, and two leather couches and a lounge chaise. Some of our party complained about not having microwaves and the expensive room service...a grilled cheese cost $8. Oh and stay away from the GROSS breakfast buffet. Absolutely worst service and most disgusting powdered eggs I have ever tasted at a buffet. Zeba's beauty salon  was $75 for a french manicure...where I come from, it's about $35. They do a sloppy job, very unsanitary and the ladies are all really raunchy and nosy old women. They all seem to suffer from a case of Bi-Polar syndrome. I would never go there again. 

As far as the hotel itself...It is a reasonable rate and reasonable service if that's all you need. The casino suks!
"Whoa the beds are actually soft in this casino!"

If there anything I hate about casino hotels it has to be the rock hard beds.  This place, along with Boomtown Reno, actually have decent pillow top mattresses, which is really nice.  

I think the architect must have been drunk when he designed this place however, because after staying here for almost 3 days, I still found myself getting lost in finding my room in respect to the casino floor.  Also, I didn't discover the food court until late on my third day.

The casino is everything you expect from a casino floor, and yes this place is a little run down and old.
The room was musty and looked its age. It would have been fine had it been in a rundown motel, but this was the Strip.

The hotel charges a daily resort fee of about $25 on top of its room rate, whether or not you use the swimming pool or the spa.

The coffee shop had lousy coffee, but the service was good.
This place really sucks! I was there on November 14th until November 18th and not only was the pool closed, at the cost of $100.00 per day they do not offer free Internet and you have to pay for their TV movies! There was an African American hotel clerk / check out woman at the hotel check out / in counter who was the so rude and had such an attitude when I nicely asked a few questions. She was such a JERK! I will never go back to this place! Bad, bad, bad! Oh! most of their staff were nice to deal with and the security people were very nice. Still I will never go back here again. 
By the way, if you stay here, go to McDonald's for free wifi!
I have to admit that I'm a Vegas veteran and had always heard about the history of the Riviera. I was expecting old school cool and I mainly only got the "old" part right. For about roughly the price I pay for other places, this place should have stepped up to the plate but it failed miserably.

The parking garage was a complete disaster that should be bulldozed. The elevators were down for days...minor annoyance until the rest of the stay... I asked a simple question at check in about upgrade availability as I checked in through the attempt to completely de-personalize the registration & checkout process. The clerk, and every staff member for that matter, was extremely rude and annoyed. I was answered with a curt, "that room is already an upgrade." I called back a few more times throughout my stay regarding this, something else I can't recall, and late checkout. The front desk never answered for the rest of my trip. Horrible, horrible service.

I got to the room and it was your typical standard Vegas room. Nothing really that special about it but it wasn't bad other than not honoring any of the requests I had made when placing the reservation nearly 2 months ago (high floor, away from elevators, king bed, etc.) and the really crappy view of something that looked like the ghetto. I called the front desk after finding stray hairs on one of the bed pillows (gross....) and also about the view since I had paid extra for a better room. I received a rude, "We're completely booked. Try back tomorrow." wtf I've never received such bad service in Vegas from the hotel I was staying. 

The bathroom was ok but how cheap does a hotel need to be? There wasn't the standard toiletries even provided like lotion, showercap, conditioner, etc. The only thing was shampoo- thank goodness I brought my own with the exception of the lotion which I had to purchase from the ABC store ($4 for a teeny tiny bottle- like the size you should get in your room). Makes me wonder if ABC and the hotel cut a deal- there's not excuse for cheaping out that badly. The toilet looked like it had leaked pretty badly at some point also. My showerhead rocked my world though- it was awesome but I heard this wasn't the case across the board from other people that were traveling with me. The beds were super comfortable and I actually slept like a rock.

Overall I was just disappointed in the options the hotel provided. The food places were mediocre at best (even the Queen's Pub or whatever sucked and the services was horrible). Everyone who worked here seemed angry at the world and the gambling wasn't even fun. 

There are so many other places to stay on the Strip that blow this place out of the water. Yes, it can be cheap but I paid for a slightly better room which came out to about the cost of another hotel that I normally stay at and receive red carpet treatment. I will never stay here again- even if it's the preference for a work function I'll opt for another hotel. There's much better places for the money- just do your homework.
This hotel is good for what it is; one of the first hotel's on the strip.  This hotel is the first high rise in Vegas and remains and draws a rather trashy + senior citizen crowd.  

The location is good because it's by a 24 hour 7-11 and Dennys, but the pool is crap, the Restaurants in the Riviera are crap, the casino is gross, the rooms are umm.. a C?  

We paid around $60 a night for rooms here through a third party site and we were satisfied, but I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here or pay ANY more than 60-ish!  

I can imagine this is the way my grandparents might have experienced Vegas :)
What is there to add? 

ROOMS 
PLUS-Room in the Monaco Tower was clean, the bed comfortable, the water pressure fantastic, and a tub that drained quickly. 

MINUS-My brother booked the conference rate....big mistake 

CONFERENCE CENTER 
PLUS-Lots of rooms and adaptable to the needs of our workshop 

MINUS-Time warp to the '80s 

CASINO 
PLUS-The lights were on and the machines worked 

MINUS-Dowdy, rundown, and stank of encrusted smoke 

FOOD/OTHER SERVICES 
PLUS-None (the lights were on) 

Minus-Only went to the buffet for dinner. Better bet: exit the hotel and go to the Peppermill next door. 

I'm not quite sure how the Riviera survives in the cut-throat environment of the Strip. They must get enough bus tours and conferences to keep the dollars flowing. It is convenient to Circus Circus and a short walk to the Wynn. If you are looking for an experience of the Strip today, keeping walking. If you want a cheap room in a run down hotel, the Riviera is the place for you.
(Note, this is for the HOTEL only. I could care less about gambling)

I want to give it 3 and 1/2 stars, but Yelp doesn't offer that option yet. I had it at four until I remembered the long check-in and reduced staff feeling. 

But the big issue keeping me from giving it more is the ridiculous $10 charge for wi fi.  In this day & age, when every effing coffee shop has free wi fi, these guys can't as well? McDonalds has freaking wi fi now!!  

This amounts to a hidden room charge and for that amount I would rather stay at a LaQuinta Inn or other hotel-only place. 

I have to say the rooms were shockingly nice after walking through the casino that is trapped in some some sort of 60's/70's/80's mash-up. Check in took about 20 minutes because there was a crush of people due to a convention (reason we stayed there, mom was attending the convention and walks with a cane). For some reason the woman directing people at check in did not send them to unattended machines that would have sped up the process a lot. 

We had two different rooms (a double and a king-sized, both non-smoking) that were in the Monaco Tower. While not spacious, they were tastefully decorated. Each came with a desk, drawers, flat screen, ottoman high enough to use as a suitcase rack and mini-fridge hidden away. There were room-safes (my suitcase locks, so didn't need it). There were steam irons with boards in the closets and a hair drawer available in the bathroom. Plenty of towels were available. 

Everything was very clean, especially the sheets and bed linens. Speaking of which, the sheets were some of the softest I have found in hotel/motels. Also, really fast elevators that we never had to wait more than 30 seconds on. Actually that might be longer than we waited. 

If you drive to the hotel, use the Paradise Road entrance (where you will see a very convenient and cheap Arco gas station) for easy access to the parking garage. This is also the easiest way to access the convention entrance. 

The only place in the hotel I spent any time in was the Queen Victoria Pub which is open 24 hours with both food & drink. Really nice selection of beers on tap and some really good single malt scotches that our bartender charged us way under for. They have great homemade chips & crisps - be sure to ask for the curry sauce to dip them in. 

Another plus were the prices in the 24 hrs ABC Store next to Registration, which were reasonable. Pretty good selection of stuff too. 

As someone else pointed out, the Peppermill next door is a good (not great) place to eat. The decor is wonderfully kitchy neon over-the-top. And you have to check out the water fire pit next door. I'm guessing many a hotel tryst and/or wife swap began on those cushions.... ;-)
So here is my experience while staying at this dump. Me and 3 other friends wanted to go to Las Vegas for a quick 4 day Weekend Vacation. We looked for a flight and hotel deal on expedia and found the Riviera listed as a package deal for $800 a person. We looked around and also saw that the bellagio was listed for $1000 a person. 

We thought it be better if we spend the $200 difference in Las Vegas than on the hotel. The pictures of the riviera looked nice and it was also on the "strip" so we thought how bad could it be. Well we arrived in Las Vegas on Thursday morning and got a cab to the Riviera. While riding on the cab we saw that we passed the bellagio, Caesar palace and all the other famous Hotels. We arrived at the riviera and went on to check in, we had to walk through the casino to the front desk. The casino is very smoky and you will cough alot if you don't smoke (which none of us does). We arrived at the front desk and it had about 100 people in line and only two people were working the desk. We waited for about 2 hours to check in which was crazy. We went up to our rooms which looked like rooms at motel 6 and had a very depressing view of some construction site. One of the rooms had a heater that was making a noise, we called maintenance and they came up to fix it. After about half hour of working on it the guy had it fixed. We asked what was wrong with it, his reply was "Thats what they pay me to know". What a douche!!! 

We were hungry so looked for a place to eat, we thought about trying the buffet but it looked crappy so we had some sandwiches which by the hardness of the bread where at least 3 days old. Also another thing, the shops in this place are a joke, its like a flee market. They have some guys selling knockoff sun glasses,cheap luggage, fake pearls and other useless stuff. The only good store is the ABC grocery store, which is really great and not that expensive. After we ate we went to walk on the strip, we realized how far this dump is from everything else. 

We spend about 100 bucks on cab fare just the first day because this place was so far away from everything. All the good stuff is happening around caesar palace,bellagio,paris, venetian and so on. Another thing about this hotel is that there are almost no young people there, its all seniors. The restaurants, bars that are inside the hotel are always dead. The food court is just nasty. They have no free wifi and plus they charge you a $8 resort fee for each room. What resort are they talking about???? I think they mean the swimming pool that was closed! We had to rent a car because cab fare was getting expensive. We then found out that valet parking at our hotel was always full at any time. I asked on of the valet how the hell is the valet always full, he told me that they only have 100 valet spots but about 3000 rooms. Which Idiot thought of this great idea???

 SO GUYS IF YOU ARE GOING TO LAS VEGAS, COUGH UP THE ADDITIONAL $200 TO $300 AND STAY AT ONE OF THE NICE HOTELS. TRUST ME YOU WILL NO REGRET IT!!
What a sad disaster of a place. The faded glory here was overwhelming. From the servers to the clientele, this place is depressing as heck. In a weird way it was sort of interesting to watch because it makes you feel good about your life. You also maybe get a glimpse of what Vegas was in the olden years.
Pros:
- Cheap: $30/night for Friday night using Priceline.com's "Name Your Own Price" feature
- Rooms were nice, clean, and modern. Large flat screen TV and iPod docking station
- Free parking

Cons:
- Super far away from the strip. However, if you're driving you could always drive to the strip, park in a free hotel parking lot and walk around.

Overall:
Would definitely stay here again because of how clean, quiet, and modern the rooms were. Better than the Imperial Palace and worth the nightly rate and driving time down to the strip (~5 min if that).
If you were getting this hotel for free, it would be alright to stay here.  But if you are paying, consider other places.

It is at the north end of the strip and it is a far walk/drive to get places.  The rooms were alright, but nothing special. The casino is old and just depressing.

If you are 40+ I am sure you would enjoy this place, it is full of the older crowd.  If you are young, you will hate this place as much as I did.
My experience there was ok overall.
The staff was extra nice, rooms were kinda clean, and real spacious and well laid out. Had a fridge and a safe (safe cost extra per day).
The casino is pretty bad, not much to choose from and pricey and outdated.
As for the sportsbook.. I would have to say it is one of the best. They have plenty of extra seats and screens as well as a cheap snack bar near by. 
The food quart is pretty well laid out with all different kinds of food available. 
I also noticed this hotel BLASTS music louder than ever, just outside the hotel all the time..probably to draw tourists in.
I was in the end charged a resort fee i was told nothing about, and the amount decided to change in the long run.

*Overall it was an ok stay, but for the price with the unspoken "resort fee" i would rather stay at a REAL resort!
A terrible place, with a distinct aroma of cigarettes and sadness.

Check-in took way longer than it should have, the clerk at the front-desk was completely rude. 

When I opened up my room, I found that, surprise, it hadn't been cleaned yet! I called the front desk and waited and waited but no one picked up.

I went out in the hall and told one of the housekeepers that my room hadn't been cleaned yet. I didn't even get a "sorry bout that". She just looked at me like I was crazy and said "yeah, but you can still put your suitcase in there"

I told her I had work I needed to do and she said "well, you can work in there too."

She didn't make any offers to clean the room herself, since that was "Eva's" job, and she seemed to have no idea where Eva was, nor did she make any effort to find her. Finally, she reassured me that Eva would come by "within the hour...I mean...much sooner than that, she'll be by really soon."

I entered the stuffy and messy room and tried to get some work done at the desk. First had to pay for the somewhat spotty WiFi (about $10 a day). I opened the window wide to try to get some fresh air into the room.

About an hour later, I went back out into the hall to ask the housekeeper what the deal was. "Oh, Eva hasn't come yet?" "No."
"Well, she'll be there soon."

I told her I wanted to take a nap before dinner (I'd be traveling all day) and she rolled her eyes and said she guessed she could "start" cleaning the room for me, and then "Eva" would finish it.

When she came into my room and say the open window (which had no screen), she said "you opened the window? You're not supposed to do that. You could jump out or something."

(Yes, that's actually what she said.)

What a dump!
I've gone to a couple of conventions there and between the bad food and dingy surroundings,have not been impressed.
(SMB Nation,Black Hat,Storage Technology)

I am now in town for CES and a Storage Technology convention that was being held at the Riviera that I attended last year,(just prior to CES) was a walk down the street,

Imagine my surprise when they were charging $25/ bucks to park at a lot that was free last year.
The LVCC main convention lot which is a lot closer is only $10 bucks a day so,WTF?

So I really wish to thank these folks for the pleasure of  my not attending the convention at their facility.

I will tell the folks who sponsor the Storage Technolgy convention to not have it there anymore.

What a dive.
I hope they tear it down soon!
I'm sure at some point this was a nice hotel but lack of upkeep has driven this place to rock bottom. I guess also my taste is a bit skewed since I frequent the Venetian, but this hotel was free with my company for CES 2011 and I wasn't about to pass that up.

The whole hotel was pretty dirty, I thought at any moment the garage elevator might break or that one day the doors would open and a hobo would be waiting inside with a knife. Also, when I arrived at 10pm, the valet was closed...umm hello..this is Vegas...nothing closes..WHY ARE YOU CLOSED??!!!???

I also took a nap around 2pm and woke up at 6pm with a swollen eye, I blame it either on dirty pillows or one of the cleaning ladies punched me while I was sleeping because they couldn't clean the room...who knows...

I will give them points for having 76 cent water in the gift shops, comfy beds and fast room service (we asked for extra towels to be brought up.) Also, (being a girl) taking a shower and having the mirror fog up is a pain in the ass since we need to get ready afterwards. I don't know what crazy system they had but the middle of the mirror never fogged up and let it be known that I take hot enough showers to where you can't see your hand in front of your face.

Also if you want to gamble in peace, this is the place, practically dead in the casino any time of the day I came to find out. 

So not bad enough for one star..not good enough for 3...
The only reason why I ever stay at this hotel is for its proximity to the Las Vegas Convention Center and Sands for CES, WSA, or any other trade show, hence the reason for 2 stars instead of 1. After a day of walking around and looking at gadgets or shoes, it's good to know your hotel is only across the street.

Shower nozzles here appear to be for people 5 feet tall and below. Being over 6 feet, that was a real pain. I think the TV was probably a 20 inch CRT? Either way, the room was probably suitable for Vegas tourists in the 80s.

Ever want to gamble in peace? Come to this casino. That's the vibe I got.

If I ever come to Vegas for fun and with my early-20s buddies, I'll definitely be staying somewhere else.
If I could give it less than one star I would.  My wife and I recently stayed in the Riviera and I don't think we'll ever be staying there again because of our interactions with the front desk staff.  When I made the reservations for our room online they give you a choice for a double or king.  We selected a King in their premier room but found they had assigned us a double bed smoking room in their cheapest tower.  When I asked the lady at the desk about this with my wife by my side she snapped at me saying that king/double rooms aren't assigned until check in.  It makes no sense to me why they would even give you the option on their website to select the class of room/number of beds if it doesn't matter to them.  The rude, abrupt, and confrontational tone that we were treated with was keeping with the premier customer service of a vegas hotel that we have experienced in the past.  As it turned out she ended up taking our keys and changing the room without telling us what was going on.  We were surprised and confused when we entered our non smoking king room that we originally had reserved.  Why did there have to be an incident in the first place?  I'm still confused.
Review for casino:

I go to the Riviera to see shows - generally the Riviera Comedy Club where I went last night.  The casino is certainly showing its age.  I don't think there's been much of a renovation there in years, at least none that I've noticed.

The layout is OK and cocktail service has been prompt.  She stopped by 3 times last night in a very brief time even though the casino was the busiest I've seen it in months (there was an archery competition and convention at their convention center).

This is an OK place, but if I were staying or playing more seriously, it would be someplace else.
I was walking back to the Las Vegas Springhill Suites Marriott from the strip and was hungry for dinner so I stopped at the last casino on the strip between me and my hotel.  I went in and immediately sensed that this hotel used to be a classic.  Now it is just sad.  

The restaurant that I stopped in at was called Katies and I could not help but feel sorry for the help.  They were friendly and helpful and really genuinely nice people, but something tells me the should start looking for a new job soon because there is no way this hotel is going to be around long.  It is long overdue for a tear-down and rebuild of something new.
I had to stay at the Riviera during a couple of conventions in the last 2 years. The heydays of this hotel has come and gone. It is time for this property to seek investors to buy this place out and create something more modern.

I do honestly say, the ballroom on the top of the Monaco tower is beautiful. You get a sweeping view of the Encore and lower Vegas Strip, to the Stratosphere. On a cloudy day, you get the clouds rolling over the mountains and it is spectacular. This would be a true gem if not for the adjacent casino towers being built that ran out of money and is now towers of cement and creates an eye sore for this view.

The buffet here is less to be desire, although as the cost of buffets continues to go up in Vegas, I welcome the $8.99 buffet when I just need some morning grub.

If I was not staying here due to business, I would check out other hotels nearby that might be a bit more new and would probably have more foot traffic in the casino.
ok, BEFORE I get bannished from YELP for giving this place a 4 star rating, let me explain. 
Four stars means "Yay! I am a fan" and my goal for this business trip was to find a place on the strip at a very low price, that was clean, no bugs and friendly people.  When I go to McDonalds, I give the place high ratings since it is relative to what you PAY!!!  If I give McDonalds a FIVE STAR rating compared to other fast food places, then my review is accurate, if I compare it to a fancy steak house then I would give McD's a one star. So i am a fan of Riviera for this reason.

So this is the deal, I paid $50.00 a night on priceline. 
PROS:
* I was on the strip
* The room was clean
* The beds were VERY nice, great linens and many soft pillows NOT DINGY!!! It was actuall a treat.
* I played the slots in route to business and won more there than other places i tried out.
* The dinner buffet was good, (far from great) at $11.99 it was a  great price and I was able to review my notes from the day's work in comfort.
*  The people at the counter were VERY nice, professional and respectful, as well as everyone else that worked there from the bell hop, to the guy hailing a taxi me.
* The maid did a nice job everyday
* The TV and Ipod station were up to date
* There was hot water when i needed it.
* The room was very large about 400SF 
* Casino was large
* The Chinese Food Lunch buffet for $7.99 was VERY GOOD! (This was not at the normal buffet lunch, this was at the chinese restaurant on the Casino floor) 
* I checked out in the AM and was able to come back at 9PM via cab to pick up my luggage, that allowed me to finish my work for the day, then go out to dinner at the Carnigie Deli at the Mirage. ( corned beef on St Patty's day, it was great, but that's another review) get the luggage and head to the airport 
* Great place on business or pleasure on a budget, (UNLESS your spouse is a pain in theass, complaining type, then maybe spring for some more money for the grief factor)

CONS
(These are the little things that don't make the place "AS GOOD AS IT GETS" but did not sway me from giving 4 stars, again, because of price.
* Place is dated, (you can tell when they have a picture of Phyllis Diller as one of the stars who performed there) 
* The water pressure in the shower was lame (but I still came out clean, just needed another minute to rinse)
* The AC in the room was OK, i went there in March with temps outside up to 78 degrees. (but it did make me wonder how it would hold up in August, but if you go to the desert on August, you may want to find some nice reviews on Yelp for a mental health provider)
* The remote controll was slow in reacting to my pushing of the buttons. ( I felt really petty complaining about it since all that was on the news was the horror of the disasters unfolding in Japan, and i was complaining about the .3345 second delay to change a channel, while i was breating clean air in my underwear, in the safety of  clean hotel room in the good 'ol USA)
* The dinner buffet on my second trip was exactly the same, and it did get boring that time, so plan to go there ONCE and all is good in the hood! 
* The resort charge was (i forget the exact amount) was about $8.00 a day. But, after seeing other reviews about higher resort charges, at other LV places, perhaps this should be listed in the "PROS" section of this review.
* Not a great place to wine and dine your spouse, unless of course you are both cheap, then GO FOR IT and take the money you saved an blow it on gambling or food or whatever floats your boat.

Ciao for now.....CHRIS
Depending on which side of the towers you end up staying on, you can say this place is pretty good. The newer tower we stayed in was nicely decorated, clean (minus the random burrito that was in my mini fridge), but this place is not as dumpy as say... the 4queens. The room I stayed in had a view of the mountains and the back roads of the strip. I would definitely say that the best thing about this place is the fact that it is in the strip. You can always walk around everywhere else and trust me, you will want to since the casino in the Riviera is always dead. Nothing too spectacular, but at least the place doesn't have a waiting pool for a bath tub and no bugs!
I give this place a 2 star rating since it was free for us; however, if I was paying I probably would choose a different place. The hotel could really use some renovation. 

I did try Katies one morning for breakfast in the casino, and I also tried the buffet another morning. To be honest, next time I'd wait and go to another place to eat a nice brunch buffet.
Where to begin!? I'm fairly new on yelp, but can I give no stars? Or negative stars? 

I frequent Vegas quite a bit and am not too picky on where I stay.  I booked a room here via expedia.com for a spontaneous, much needed trip to Vegas...and I wanted to do it cheap.When we booked the room, the check in time stated noon clearly. We were antsy to leave so we left from San Diego at around 1 am and figured we'd  kill time until check in. During the drive, we were getting drowsy and called a few times to ask for early check in to which we were informed that it would be likely but to just ask and it shoudln't be a problem. 

WRONG!

We arrived at the hotel at around 5 am and went to the front desk immediately to inquire about early check in. The associate stated that we would have to come back at 12 to see about early check in. This confused us as check in was listed at noon on the site...to this she just pointed at a sign that said check in was at 4pm. I admit, we should've seen the sign....but never in my life had I had to check into a hotel at 4pm. The associate then became really rude and stated that all hotels have check in at 4pm. I stated that I never heard of that and maybe we didn't hear about it because we're from California....not in a rude way, more like in a "that's very interesting" way. She then  stated that ALL hotels everywhere have check in at 4pm and she would know because she has been to California hotels before....I guess she didn't think I would know seeing as I LIVE in California. We told her how we drove all the way from San Diego, and she didn't seem to care so we were sent on our way. I'd like to say right here that we were not mad WHATSOEVER....I know it's policy and I can't fight her on that but I guess we must have looked haggard or something because the concierge asked us what was wrong and we told him our story. He said we could inquire about early check in at 11. At this point, we were a little scared to ask the front desk associate so we walked to the car to see if we could call the hotel instead and work something out. My first call was transferred over to someone who told me to call the hotel general info line, which did not open until 10am as stated on their message. My second call was to be transferred to the front desk, to which I was transferred to just about every other place BUT front desk. My third call was to front desk, to which I was hung up on. Fourth time: again hung up on. Fifth time: the SAME front desk associate told us to call the hotel line at 11 when they open. It was a little weird to me that the front desk at the actual hotel couldn't accomodate us, but this 1800 number for the hotel could....At this point, my friend was getting irritated by the contradicting information and decided to go inside. The front desk associate didn't even TRY to hide her annoyance (if you are confused...we only talked to her 2 times once on the phone and another in person) Fortunately, we found another deal at a nearby hotel that had earlier check in. We asked the front desk if we could cancel because we were informed that check in would be earlier and that we couldn't afford to waste our one day in Vegas. She abruptly said that we cannot cancel due to expedia's policy and then asked if we even read everything thoroughly.  
We thought maybe we could call expedia and make an exchange as the other hotel was exactly the same price. Expedia was amazing but said that they need to get confirmation from the hotel. We asked to speak to the manager to get an exchange done right away. When we asked the associate to speak with the manager, she glared at us and said "that's my manager" and wanted to know why we wanted to speak with her. AWKWARD. She assumed that we were going to cancel again or do check in, and she stated that she already told us we cannot cancel or check in and walked away. When the assistant manager came out, she asked us what was wrong, all while the front desk associate was standing RIGHT next to her shaking her head, rolling her eyes, muttering under her breath, denying everything, etc. After we tried to get a few sentences out, I couldn't stand it anymore and asked the manager if we could speak in private and she said that we could not and that it HAS to be discussed in front of her. I have spent YEARS in customer service and have NEVER heard of a policy like that EVER. Way to make the customer feel incredibly uncomfortable. We tried to explain to the manager that we were trying to be as courteous as possible and just wanted correct information and the manager just stated that she would have to retrain her staff, but kind of gave us like a "what do you expect me to do about it now" attitude. She didn't apologize, didn't offer us anything, didn't negotiate a solution, didn't prompt us to explain or anything

You know what...I'm actually way too mad now to even finish this...just don't go
Great beds,
5 Stars based on VALUE, it's no Bellagio by any means but it's dirt cheap, at least on Orbitz or Expedia it is.  I can't give it 4 stars because it's soooo cheap.  I paid $780 for Roundtrip airfare, Hotel, Car for 7 days!

It's CHEAP, so I don't expect a whole lot, with that being said I had a pretty good stay.

Also, they have a GYM which isn't packed when I went, and it has everything you need.

It's old, that's for sure, but they must have renovated the rooms. I stayed in the 1 South tower, rooms had nice furniture (besides the beds). Nice table for my laptop, decent flat screen tv, ipod speaker dock.  The maid did a very nice job. Staff is polite and smiley. 

Also, internet access is an additional $10 a day, and there's a "resort fee" which is pretty lame, but for $10/day I won't complain too much. Internet speed was decent, enough for my VOIP , Hulu etc..  , Internet is PER DEVICE, so if you have 2 laptops check another hotel because you'll pay $20 a day total (2  laptops) just to get online.

I didn't play any games, I just needed a place to stay while visiting vegas for a week and this was very cheap.

Lots of older folks here, I recommend this place if you're older, less of the club scene than you see in the central strip.

When it comes to having fun, do you really want to pay triple the price for marble floors, a fridge, etc?  Have more fun with the money you save and spend on something that you'll enjoy.
I would give this place a 5 star but since my room was missing it's table and chairs I couldnt. But if you want to go to vegas and stay some place not to expensive with good service flat screens and nice pillow top King matresses this is the place. We spent 3 night here 3/31-4/3/2011 and I enjoyed it. The staff is really great and friendly quick to assist you and make sure your having a great time. Check in is realyl at 4pm but they will allow you a early 12 noon check in but the room is not clean yet so you can only place your bags in the room and then come back. We were excited to see our room was already clean. The south tower is really clean and you can not smell the smell of smoke and that was my biggest concern. I will say that the tub was a little out dated but other then that I was happy with all the service and I will stay here again .
we got this room through priceline's name your price thing, and we did get what we paid for. 

the bath towels were shedding, room smelled old.

i give it 1 star for the nice receptionist that gave us non-smoking room at the 63rd floor, and the pillows were comfortable.
My experiences in Vegas have been on both ends of the spectrum. Great and just god awful. The great was made at the Palazzo, fantastic rooms and atmosphere. Awful being my stay at Circus Circus: old rooms, tons of children running around, smelled like a cancer factory. The Riviera Hotel & Casino land somewhere in the middle, but leaning more to the latter.  

When my friend booked the casino and told me where we were staying I had the immediate notion we where going to be saying somewhere my grandmother stayed when she first visited Las Vegas in 1965 and I was right. The decor was something our the original Ocean's Eleven (it was shot there I think). 

Our room was pretty standard. Nice bed, flat screen TV, SMALL fridge that could hold all of our ridiculously large bottles of liquor, a couch and desk. Needless to say, it wasn't anything to rave about.

The buffet, which I visited only once with my friend was pretty bland, not to mention they had an omelet bar display all over the buffet room but once we got to the bar to get an omelet a kitchen hand told us "No omelets", we asked him why and he replied once more "No omelets". We weren't getting anywhere fast so we just picked through the questionable selection of food. Soggy sausage patties, powdered hard eggs and flimsy, paper thin bacon. The only saving grace was the waffles. 

After immediate regretting that decision we headed to the strip. Note that this hotel is ALL the way north of the strip and walking is a mission to get 
the central strip or the south end.

After returning from a day long strip walk, we return and everyone needed a shower before the night began. We order some extra towels and didn't receive any until an HOUR later. We call the front desk requesting them again and they rudely tell that we called already, they are on their way and hang up. 

That about my experience. My main gripes are just how old the hotel looks and feels. This hotel is like in the old bone yard of Las Vegas that soon to pass away. They just can't compete with the newer hotels like Aria, Palazzo and the forthcoming Echelon.
I like this hotel cause I'm not rich. Well that and the fact, that, I don't care where I sleep as long as it's clean & comfortable. Plus, this place is a stroll to the convention center and that McDonalds across the street is D-best Mcd's i ever been to.
Seems hit and miss. I love this place as it has such great memories attached to it. A great place to wake up hungover. First time I stayed was perfect, even though I did have an unwanted charge to me room, but I did not question the charge as I was too drunk to remember the prior night. The second time the room could of been better, but it was generally good.

The beds are very comfortable. The staff seems very helpful and the price is perfect. My only complaint is the smell of second-hand-smoke throughout the whole hotel.
A little out dated as fas as casinos on the strip go. Several folks in here were silver haired so i am sure they loved it.
Hotel motel holiday inn if ya girl starts acting up bring her friend! Lol.  Its a freemont hotel on the strip...... I enjoyed the bed, other then the luke warm shower thats all i used there. Big flat screen that we never turned on..... Check in was fast on a thursday friday line was going out the door though. Friendly older staff. Wife won around $100 on the slots. Would stay again. Cant beat the price.
Actually had a good time at this hotel.  The bed in the smoking room wasn't very comfortable though and we got booked into that room and we don't smoke.  But they switched us to a non smoking room and it much more comfortable in that room.  The bathroom was also smaller in the non-smoking room and they had one of those radiated widow heaters instead of controlled temperature like in the smoking room, but it worked pretty good.  Suggest getting a room with a view though as all we saw were pipes and the top of a roof.  The food from the sports bar was reasonably priced though and the staff was, for the most part courteous.
You get what you pay for. Please read Stella C.'s review. I was the friend with her.
I am giving the Riviera one star. There are so many reasons. 

The Valet was 5 stars. They always did their hardest work and fastest to ensure we had our car very quickly, even with a line. They were always courteous and always very nice.

One Star - Check in. The line for check in wrapped around the block, and after a five hour car ride, i was not thrilled. We were there late, like 1130, and it took us a half hour. there were only two people who were checking in people. Finally we went to the express check in, and got in our room. 

The Decor - one star. It was old, original paint on the walls, carpet looked sad and disgusting.

Our room - one star. Yes, it looked as though some woman had their period on the chair in our room, and then they tried to clean it up, but the stain was there forever. Can we say, new chair? I guess not. Our AC didn't work very well, the fan was not blowing so it was hot and stuffy, the bed was AWFUL and our TV was smaller than any TV I had seen before. It probably would have cost less than 20 bucks, it didnt even turn off. 

Casino - I did pretty well in the casino, but the cocktail waitresses were rude, old and haggared. She literally yelled at my husband while i was deciding what drink I wanted. Rude beotch.

Blackjack tables - they had girls dancing on poles which was pretty good, but the blackjack tables were being dealt by incompetent people. The girl at our table talked to other people, stared off into the distance, and yelled at every person with a dirty look who left the table. She was unprofessional, and replaced by someone even more unprofessional. This girl started talking to the pit boss in the middle of a hand, about her day off on this coming wednesday. We were like, what is going on.

AVOID THE RIVIERA AT ALL COSTS

FOOD ---- less than one star. 0 stars. AVOID AVOID AVOID!
Ick! Stayed here back in April for a friend's birthday trip to Vegas.  Old, dated, casino is small, and our hotel room had plumbing problems - plumber had to come twice in two days to "fix". Even though we got a free room upgrade, it still wasn't worth it. No thanks, not staying here ever again.
I was pleasantly surprised and actually kind of impressed with the Riviera!  My parents, husband and I went to the Riviera to meet my friend for the Sin City Roller Derby.  So much fun!  We got there about 2 hours before the derby and explored the hotel.  You can tell it's an old hotel but it's been kept up very well.  The pool was packed!  We agreed we're going to come back sometime this summer just to hang out pool side.  There are a couple nice bars throughout the hotel.  Cheap drinks and reasonable priced food.  It's never crossed my mind to stay here but I'd be curious what the rooms look like and what their room rates are.

The roller derby was back in the convention area.  This was my first time going and my friend said it's a seasonal sport.  I'm a huge fan now!  I wasn't sure how the points system works but we're going for their next competition in July!  Really looking forward to going back to the Riviera!  And without a doubt, I know we'll be back to Queen Victoria's Pub!
This Hotel is actually pretty cool...

you just have to know what to expect a lot of the reviews for this hotel are some angry people..ahem.."HELLO LOOK AT THE PRICE YOUR PAYING FOR YOUR STAY HERE!" 

IT'S SUPER CHEAP i like it for what it is if i want a High Roller's typa place then i'll gladly head to the Venetian but if your coming to vegas on a budget the riviera is the PLACE to be Clean rooms nothing fancy just a room with your bed and bathroom, the customer service is great and there's a decent buffet in the place......Def coming back here agian if i come back on a budget ...
Heard the saying, 'Your get what you pay for?'
Well that pretty much sums up the Riviera. 


Rooms:
The rooms are great, they have recently been redone and to be honest were a lot nicer than I expected. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean. 

The actual hotel:
It does look old and it seems like old Vegas, but hey I kind of like that smell. 

Location:
It is pretty far down the strip, if you are there to go to clubs, or like to be in the middle of things. That isn't a huge deal though, because the buses that run up and down the strip are only $7 for 24 hours.
Let me start by saying I'm a Travel Agent and see many hotels on site inspections so i always keep an open mind on what i see but the big thing for me is always CUSTOMER SERVICE!! The room we stayed in was in the Monaco Tower which is newly decorated and very nice. The hotel itself is yes, a little run down but that's to be expected from one of the older hotels in Vegas. 

The issue I am having currently is with the Customer Service at the Riviera Hotel & Casino. My Nephew (15 yrs. old) was staying w/ us in the room and he has Juvenile Diabetes. I specifically remember him bringing his supplies (diabetic needles, insulin, etc.) which by the way he keeps in a shoe box..boys..he he...bringing it to our room and setting it on the table Friday night. Saturday Morning he ate breakfast, took a shot, and we left the room to venture out for the day. Later on when we returned to the room we noticed that when it was time to eat dinner that we could not find the "shoebox" in the room. We looked everywhere!
It was gone so we took the next step to running around town to find a pharmacy that had the supplies we needed. After 2 hrs of running around Vegas we got the insulin and needles to give him a shot after we ate. I kept the receipts and brought it down the next morning when I went to check out. 

I spoke to the manager at check out and felt really bad but said that I would have to file a report at security. I did as requested and they gave me the Risk Manager's (La Cretia Evans) card and said she would call me on Monday. I never heard back from anyone at the Riviera hotel so I called them a few days later in which they had explained to me that after looking into this incident and speaking w/ the maid that they are not held responsible for this matter and there is nothing else they can do. 

Too bad for them as i will NEVER recommend this hotel again!
I dont care what anyone else says.  I love the Riviera!  Free rooms-check!  Low limit tables-check!  $2 automated blackjack game-check!  Fast, friendly drink service-check!  Comfy beds-check!  Right next to The Peppermill-check!

We stayed here once again.  Why pay for a room when you are in Vegas?  A comfy bed is all you need, and the Riviera has super comfortable beds and they always have a free room available for me whenever I want to go.  Even if you had to pay for a room, they are extremely inexpensive.  

The Riviera has a certain charm to it.   Its hard to describe, but once you realize it and take it in, you will appreciate it.  Its one of the last remaining OG casinos in Vegas.  I would much rather stay here on the cheap, then  spend $300 a night at the Aria or one of the newer hotels.

Give the Riviera a chance my friends.  You will grow to love it.
Even though all my work colleagues advised against it, i booked myself and my husband into the Riviera for a night on the Strip. I have to admit i wasn't expecting much as it was the cheapest room rate out of all the casinos for a Friday night.

On entering the casino i was surprised at how nice it smelled, normally the older casinos have that lived in cigarette smoke stench, but everything was clean and well looked after. 

We walked to the check in desk but the queue was impossibly long so thanks to a review on Trip advisor, i knew about the check in machines in the hallways. I can highly recommend them, the process was quick and easy; and saved us about an hour waiting in line (we had tickets to a concert and were running late!)

Our room was in the Monaco tower on the 43rd floor, again the corridor smelt clean and the decor looked quite new. The room itself was very well furnished with two double beds, a decent sized TV and fridge...although there was no mini bar! The room was spotless, and the sheets on the beds were clean and crisp!

The bathroom was a standard hotel setup, with a few toiletries. Nothing exciting but again clean and well maintained.

I seriously would recommend this hotel, it's cheap and old but has been well refurbished. Also the Queen Victoria Pub does a stonking good breakfast and if you are a Las Vegas local they give you 10% off the bill!

The only down side is that it is a LONG walk to the center of the Strip, and not one i would recommend while wearing 3 inch heels! 

Room Tip: Book online as the rooms are cheaper
My and my buddies stayed here only cuz of the cheaper prices compared to the other hotels off the strip, especially cuz it was so last minute. 

the service is mediocre, the pool seems decent. the room is just like any other average room for that price, nothing special.

would have been great to have a fridge in the room, but i had to use the ice bucket and refill it so often.

the casino area is pretty small and there aren't many tables. the only downside is that the wait to check in takes a while.

overall i'd go here again if it was something last minute, i'd prefer something closer to the nicer night clubs though.
I live next door to this piece of history.. so I checked it out.  Whoa.. its way past its prime and isn't like old school cool. Instead u feel like your actually stepping over the demolition cord and dynamite. The banking collapse saved this joint from an actual explosive induced collapse. So they r still running till the financing comes thru. Its sad to see what was a fine establishment so far gone.
It was cheap, but I would have rather stayed at like a Holiday inn or something. The first room we had has throw up on the ground which was still wet. The second room we went to I'm pretty sure had a bed bug in it. It wasn't on the bed but I saw it on a towel on the table but either way I was grossed out after that. I loved their casino because it was low-key, their bar on the casino floor had great service as well as the housekeeper provided wonderful service and was super sweet. The only complaint was with check-in, it took about 45 minutes just to see anyone because the line was so long which was very unpleasant after a 4 hour drive. I probably wouldn't pay to stay here again.
Resort fee is $8 per night.  For those of you who don't know what a resort fee is, it is an extra fee that the hotel adds to your bill that is not optional.  This allows them to advertise a lower price than the actual price.  It is sneaky and sleazy.  They don't even give you free internet access with the resort fee.  Internet is an additional $10 per day.

The room was fine, but the resort fee is enough reason to avoid this place.
Semen stain on couch! 

Hotel was old but adequate. Got to the Riv early and was told (by a rude old sea hag) @ the vacation booth, that no rooms were available and no one could hold our luggage. stood around in front of the ABC store for five minutes, went to check out counter and was told bell hop could hold bags. Lovely clerk by the name of Portia helped us out and was able to upgrade (20 a night) my reservations to the Mediterranean tower near our friends. Room 767 seemed nice and clean until you looked closely. Giant crack on main door, stained wet carpet next to bed, drug residue on broken window ledge. These things didn't really bother me to tell you the truth. What ticked me off was the HUGE semen stain I found the second night underneath the couch seat. Ill upload pic later... So I paid 40 extra dollars to sleep  3 ft away from man juice...  Makes you wonder what I upgraded from... Casino was OK, Old school with attentive coktail geezers.  I won 200 dollars, Kadys was delicious and the pub was fantastic. ABC store near c/o counters were awesome as well. Joe at Riviera rewards desk was also great. Buffet was pretty good( free with rewards sign up) Location stinks but we had a car so it didn't matter. Rivieras facebook mod was also super nice. Id stay here again as long as the rooms were better cleaned. Also, lines @ check in were big at times but moved quickly. Quit bitching about the lines people! Its Vegas!
WORST PLACE EVER

We had to book this place since it was a last minute thingi. 
1) huge never ending lines (approx. 40 mins wait). Only 2 people at the counter who were extremely slow. 

2)horrible rooms. Old stinky. The A/C did not turn on for a while.. and when it did the whole night there was this noise of some sort, sounded like Crickets. bathrooms were run down and toilets stained. 

3)Customer service was the worst i have ever seen in any part of the world. I wanted to reserve late checkout.. called them and was on hold for good 25 mins. After that they hung up without answering!!!!!!!!!!!!!

4)The whole place looked rundown..

5) Parking was a night mare... There was no parking available with tons of cars waiting in the queue.

6)Location is awful. Still not bad location for the price though.

7)In the morning the maid knocked at our door at 10:00am.. to ask us if we are leaving at 12 so she can come clean !!!!!! ... never saw this before...

8) They forgot to reserve our rooms. They misplced the reservation documents and were not ready to look up on computers with my email, credit card, confirmation number. I had to call up the website i booked it thru to clear the mess. It ended up being Riviera's fault and the manager was cold about it.. and said... "IT HAPPENS"...



PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE AVOID THIS DISASTEROUS PLACE... I M SURE U WILL FIND SOMETHING BETTER OTHERPLACES.... worst palce ever
I actually love this place. I have stayed here many times over the years. I will say some of the rooms are very old and in need of some repair. Old caulk in the bathrooms and older TV in the rooms, but who goes to Vegas to watch TV? The check-in is pretty slow and during peak times needs to have a few more people working the desk despite the check-in machines. The end of The Strip that The Riv is on is in need of serious CPR but everything is a short taxi ride away. I have never had bad service at this place. The valet remembered what car I rented 5 years ago. Cocktail service is fast . Nick at the Le Bistro bar makes great drinks and has great stories about Sinatra and because he knows the city like the back of his hand has always makes good recommendations on everything. Speaking of Sinatra...this is one of the few casinos left that Frank and Dino played. I say give it a try. When you are asleep you can't tell the difference between this old time gem and a 250.00 dollar a night cookie cutter casino further down the strip. Have and will continue to recommend this casino.
This is just a bad hotel. No matter how cheap it is, please don't give them your business; they're in bankruptcy for a reason. I booked 2 rooms on hotwire. When I got there, tried to circumvent the 1-hour (!) line by using the kiosk but it would only let me check in to one room, which was a smoking room. After standing in the interminable line, the lady at the desk kindly offered to let me get a non-smoking room for $20/night extra (!). The room is actually decent, but the bureaucracy will just make you want to tear your eyes out, the casino is a dump, and the resort fee doesn't even include wireless (which is an extra $10/24 hours), as is standard in Vegas in general. Pay the extra $20/night to stay at a real hotel.

Also my remote control is broken, but let's face it, I expected that one.
We waited in line for an hour to check in.

TO CHECK IN.

At a hotel.

This is absurd. Patently absurd. We were in a casino. A run-down, past-its-prime casino that gave us a decent deal on Expedia. And they had us wait an hour in line to check in, when we could have been gambling!

The interior of the hotel is okay. It's very old-Vegas. There's some renovation going on, which may be interesting in the future, but we were honestly just so turned off by the place after waiting for an hour that we couldn't appreciate much.

At least they had the courtesy to upgrade us to a "deluxe room" though the deluxe room was suspiciously similar to some motel rooms I've stayed in. It was fine, though. The room wasn't as clean as I would have expected.

Overall, I think we would have been better off paying a little extra. The same night we booked at the Riviera, we could have booked for $20 more at Mandalay Bay. Disappointing. The best part of the Riviera is its close proximity to the Wynn and the other good hotels, which is where we took our gambling and food money.

Oh, and internet is $10. Tacky, tacky, tacky.

In short, we'd stay somewhere else next time. We didn't spend a single extra cent at the Riviera. Well, except for the $7 "resort fee" they make you pay on check-out. Tacky.

It's not surprising that the place went bankrupt.
I am not even sure where to start as I know this review will offend some... For that I apologize in advance. 
I decided to stop for the night while driving through Vegas for a little gaming and fun. I called ahead and booked a "renovated" room which was supposed to have "European comfort mattresses", a flat screen TV, fridge, hair dryer, and so on. 
Upon arriving at the Riviera after walking through filthy brass and glass doors, I waited in line for a good 20 minutes to check in. Every employee, even management were cloaked in dumpy, dirty uniforms. After getting my room key I was shuffled from the front desk through the poorly organized casino floor to find the elevator to my room, it was kind of like a scavenger hunt. Now, the elevators! Filthy, dirty floors, base boards, more brass and broken mirrors full of hand-prints; at this point I was reconsidering my stay. Up to the room which was NOT renovated in the least bit we were greeted by our maid who had JUST started cleaning! The mattress was discussing and was more like a maxi pad then a "European comfort mattress". The carpet was warn and filthy which actually went well with the general motif of the room which was dirty. Flat screen TV??? Nope. Old box TV. No amenities what so ever, not even a cheap $10 hair dryer. 
Now when you go to the Riviera and sign up for their players club card you receive what was near capital punishment... The free buffet. It was as unorganized as the casino itself and the food was so disgusting I didn't stay and eat. Now there were people in there eating who did seem to be enjoying their free buffet but keep in mind they had a couple noticeable teeth missing and babies on their hips; pure white trash tornado bait. Now even these picky consumers were saying "at least it's free" in regards to the buffet. Now stop and think for a second, a pile of dog poop is free but would you eat it? The casino itself is owned by a Chinese man which would explain that a large majority of the dealers didn't speak English well enough to understand. They also never smiled, they acted like they were chained to the tables and hated their jobs. This might also explain the awful Chinese food at the buffet, angry cooks! If the white trash patrons isn't enough to make you stay somewhere else, try the countless thug-like gang banger want to be's with fake diamond earrings and gold chains. 
I spoke to a Manager regarding my room situation and she had no time or sympathy for me being placed in an un-renovated room, the quality of the staff or the filthy conditions. She didn't even offer to comp the $79 room! The only thing she did was charge me the un-renovated room rate which should have been done anyway. 
People go to Vegas to enjoy being pampered and taken care of, excellent customer service and attention to detail... none of which the Riviera possess. Walk into any other casino on the strip and you will see staff that great you with a smile, go out of their way to help you. The entrance to every other casino I've been to are constantly being rubbed with Brasso and the glass is spotless. Ah, if you decide to have a cocktail it is faster to leave the casino and go buy one due to the fact that the waitresses rarely come by and three times when I ordered a Diet Coke, they never even came back! 
If it was possible to give the Riviera no stars, I would. Don't waste your money there... at least go somewhere where they smile when they take your money :)
First thing is first,  get yourself signed up for the Player's Card and you get a free buffet.  FREE BUFFET?? I'm there.

After getting the card, we went to go get our free buffet upstairs on the 2nd floor and wow, so much food! There were tiny buffets of mexican, Chinese, italian and other foods. Ribs, shrimp, chicken, turkey.  You name it you had it.  I"m a vegetarian and I had lots of choices to pick from.  The salad was really really yummy. 

So go get yourself the free buffet because why else would you pay $15 regular price for this buffet.
I haven't been south of TI in the longest time, but I ended up staying at Riviera due to a last minute mix up at the Palazzo *cries*. 

First and foremost, the door of our suite did not lock. HUGE no no. We requested to have it fixed, but by the end of our stay, our room was STILL open for anyone! What the heck!

The valet service and check in was mediocre, but I could tell that they were super backed up. I think they have a staffing issue at Riviera. Maybe it's time to call a hospitality consulting company? Gotta keep up with all the new hotels on the strip!

In general, everything was decently clean, but just for the lock service (or lack there of), I think I'm going to have to give this a one. :(
So this is where the RollerCon convention was this year..so this is where we of course got a room. We have to be part of the action even though we live in Vegas.
Parking was good..much better than the dreaded IP of past RCons.
Check in on the other hand was a nightmare that gets one star..if that!
It was an hour wait in that horrible line. Thankfully there were alot of awesome derby girls to chat up while waiting.
We ended up with a pretty cool suite that had a huge balcony that faced Circus Circus. It had two bathrooms which was another cool feature. The best feature of the room was the bar..perfect for the many drinks that were being served up.
The pool is pretty small but when there are hundreds of derby girls you hardly notice the pool.
And it looks like the Riv is where RCon 2012 is gonna be so we will be here again. 
Cant wait! I love me some RollerCon!!
I stayed at The Rivera because this is where Rollercon was. 

(-) I got here the day before the convention and checked in super early. I think I still waited in line for about a half hour. The line was only about a quarter as long as it was everytime I walked by the lobby anytime after. I did have to wait in line probably a half hour to check out (I stayed later than a lot of other skaters) because the easy check out didn't work for me. Once I got up there, it almost seemed like I didn't have to even check out. 

(+) This was a really great place to host Rollercon. The convention area was able to fit four tracks and tons of vendor booths. This wasn't even the only convention going on during this time. 

(-) For as many people as there were, toward the end of the convention, in the evenings, lines started forming for the elevators, and said line wrapped around the corner. 

(-) The music, played on loop, at the pool sucks. Except for that one Cars song. 

(+/-) The general vibe at The Vic was alright. When not busy, it was kinda cool. The bartender was really cool. I went back again a couple times when it was crowded, and the two different servers that I had were terribly slow and unattentive. And the food wasn't that great. 

(+/-) If you sign up for a players card, you get to eat at the buffet once for free. I'm pretty sure this would cost you like $15 for breakfast/lunch usually, so probably even more for dinner. I went around brunch time. 
On a weird note, it seemed at brunch time, it was mostly American breakfast food (eggs, bacon, french toast, etc) and chinese, etc. Springrolls right next to the French toast. You should have seen my plate. It was weird. 

(+) I got some regular room (non smoking) and it came with a mini fridge. 

(-) The view from my room was the top of a roof, which was UGLY and a bunch of construction. I saw nothing. And the window was only half the size of the curtains. It was tiny (not that it mattered much, since our view sucked.
Absolute worse. I would never stay here again. Went on vacation with a friend here. The service was piss poor, the staff was all over the place and when we first got to our room it still had filth in it. We received no basic amenities and received all around bad service with this place. Never again!
My hubby and I were here for the APA Pool Tournament.  My husband managed to get his toe nail caught on a sharp piece on one of the room chairs and pulled his entire toenail off.  I called housekeeping and the front desk for assistance and talked to a lifeguard as well as a maid in the hallway and no one would help us out with first aid supplies or medical assistance.  The staff was very rude.
This place is still a craphole. Back to Vegas for nationals and they did seem to have a bit more organization, however they were still way under staffed for the amount of people. Skanky Dancers dance on poles right by the poker tables now which was a bit much, the service at the main bar is sooooo slow and unfriendly. The food court still has cheap eats, but seemes to close early most nights. So glad we stayed elsewhere!
People are brutal reviewing this place! I stayed in the Monaco Tower for one night (cancelled flight due to Hurricane Irene and the Trop was booked solid!). The room had a small LCD or HD TV, can't remember what kind. Two Full Size Beds, desk, small windows, good individual air conditioner (not central) and a tall but useless dresser.

The good: 
Stayed in the slightly larger and renovated room in the Monaco Tower.
No bed bugs!
Beds were very comfortable but very hot, they couldn't keep my body heat down like the beds at the Tropicana.
They allowed me to check in at 2:45 pm and not 4 pm (the standard time)
It's one of the last old school casino's and I loved that (built in 1955).
The check in associate was SOOO nice and attentive, I forget the old man's name but he was awesome and so informative.
The hotel room did not smell at all, muy bueno.
Bathroom, all the basins/mirrors were clean
The check out associate give me the manager's direct extension in case I had any issues (I asked what to do if I didn't feel the room was up to par). I did have to use it and he picked up immediately.

The bad: 
Check in time: 40 minutes.
Bathroom: the corner's on the floor were dusty and the floor looked like it needed a good wash. 
The shower looked very old (and I was in a renovated room).
$8 resort fee and I didn't use ANY amenities
$10 internet fee per DEVICE not room - Spoke to the Manager, he said they are working on dropping the contract with LodgeNet to have their own internet which would be included in the resort fee.
The garage elevator was down right scary, I thought my life was in danger, it was dingy, dirty & rickety.
The Monaco Tower elevator was 10 times better, but still leaves a lot to be desired, it was dirty but would be really charming if clean.
SUPER tiny refrigerator, still better than the Trop which had none.
Hilarious: 
--Saw the cleaning lady chillen in a room she was "cleaning" for about an hour, hey, we all need a break every once in a while!
--People watching here is priceless. A guy in front of me in check-in line was chugging down his 40, NO SHAME...my peoples, haha. I decided to join in on the fun and had a bud light lime while waiting! The crowd here is definitely full of character. 
--Saw someone checking in with their OWN microwave!

I'm pretty upset I didn't have time to play at the BlackJack tables, I can't stand the $10+ minimum tables (it's even higher in Charles Town, WV and Atlantic City). If I recall correctly, they had $2 BJ tables and 3:2 odds (which are better supposedly).

If you're into BINGO, this is the place btw. Also the APA Nationals were being held here, pretty cool.

If I were to need a hotel room for a couple nights, I would def consider this place again!
I loved everything about this place. The service was good, the slots were loose, beds were comfy and late checkout at 6pm for minimal $ was sooo helpful, more than they know.  Having to come down to get re-keyed kind of was a bummer, but whatever.. Gotta do what we gotta do. The hotel seemed a little out of the way of things, for the price you pay to stay there, you can afford a taxi.  The little coffee place conveniently placed by the elevators was very very tasty. Will most likely stay again, and will recommend
Sorry to typecast, but unless you're from the Ozarks, you're not going to feel like the Riviera is your kind of place to stay.

I once ordered a RBV while playing some roulette here (the true skill player's game), and it tasted like a glass of old school Ecto Cooler that had gone sour. Knowing that a place like this might substitute another energy drink for Red Bull given budget constraints, I asked the cocktail waitress what exactly she had given me with my vodka.

I don't remember the exact name, but I remember looking this energy drink up on my phone and learning that it had been banned in something like 70% of the states west of the Mississippi back in 2002. 

A lesser man would have probably perished.
I stayed here for RollerCon 2011 and had a decent experience, but a couple big problems. Checkin was an absolute nightmare; it took over an hour for a line that wasn't really that long. Upon arrival, I discovered that I had accidentally booked a smoking room through Orbitz (even though I specified that I wanted a non-smoking room, I somehow chose an "upgraded" room in a tower that ONLY has smoking rooms...wtf). The girl who checked me in said that she could get me a non-smoking room in another tower, but that it would cost extra. I agreed only because I didn't want to spend a week in a room that reeked of cigarettes.

Turns out, my new room came equipped with pillowtop mattresses and a mini fridge. I later wondered if I could have transferred to a room in another tower that didn't have all these bells and whistles and not have had to pay extra. Oh well...

The pool is a LOT smaller than the other Vegas hotels I have been to. The Riv is also not very convenient to other places on the strip. It IS, however, located very close to a Walgreen's where you can stock up on goodies for your mini fridge. The layout of the hotel is awful and it's hard to find anything -- but I suspect most Vegas hotels are arranged like this so that you find yourself getting lost in the massive casino.

At one point, the girl who I was sharing the hotel room with called down to the front desk to ask about using the safe that came in our room. She was on hold for 20 minutes and was transferred twice just to ask this simple question.

The accommodations are fine, but they will upcharge you for everything and the customer service blows. I would recommend finding lodging elsewhere on the strip.
You seriously get what you pay for. With that, we checked into the Riv knowing that it would be old school. We were there as part of a timeshare presentation thing and so we knew not to expect anything but good laughs. Our room was extremely out-dated but very spacious, overlooking the pool. The employees are just as old as the hotel but I have to say they were all super nice. The best part of the trip was that there was Midget Wrestling at the Riv convention center and it was the best entertainment I've seen in awhile. We had a blast! The Riv is what it is but it seriously needs to be the next one to be blown up.
It's okay for a room, but sub-par for Vegas.  I'm only in Vegas when I'm there to play pool, but either way it Vegas people, how often are you really in your room anyway?  The beds are comfortable, the pool (while not huge) Serves the purpose of a pool, and it is tucked away from the typical hustle and bustle of the strip.
stayed here a couple years back for a paintball tournament as the tournament was at the riviera, and they had some good specials on the rooms.  our first room was just the basic room, which was nothing special, didn't smell like smoke which was nice, and beds were decent.  but that night the rest of our team came in and they had a suite which we went and checked out, and loved it so we went down to the front desk and they let us upgrade to the suite for an extra $20ish a night, which to me was a great deal as we had 6 people trying to squeeze into the basic room, so the huge suite made it nice (not to mention my first suite i stayed in at vegas).  room smelled a little like smoke, but that is because some of the people we were staying with requested a smoking room, which i personally never would.  the room was huge, which a seperate bedroom with a king bed, and they also brought us 2 beds up which we requested.  the view we got was kinda crappy, our other teamate had a nice view over the pool which would have been nice, but ours was still a nice room and we had a view of circus circus.  the pool was just an average square pool, nothing special, and the security there were dicks.  they gave us shit for sitting at the pool with our legs in the water at 6pm since the pool closed at 5pm.  i understand no swimming, but we were up to our calves in the water sitting on the edge, and they acted like were were swimming and running around with machine guns or something as they sent 15 security gaurds for the 6 of us at the pool.  casino was decent looking (i was not old enough to gamble at the time, so i can't really comment there).  area was kinda shady at night, but in a group of 6-10, it wasn't too bad.  don't think i would stay there again, unless there was just such an amazing deal
After spending one night at the Imperial Palace (Never Again) and two nights at Hooters, anything looks good. If your traveling for business then this place isn't a bad choice. Nice rooms with decent decor, a hd tv, safe, and iPod dock. Not to mention the beds are very comfortable. Im pretty sure the price here is reasonable, because our company wouldn't have paid for it otherwise.
Gotta say, a little disappointed. 

In the cons column, check in takes forever---hire more staff! Seemed to be a shortage of tables for Fri/Sat nights. On the pros...it has that old vegas feel, but get the customer service fixed or you will be a memory.
Waited nearly 40 min to check into a dumpy 2 twin bed room in the older part of the hotel. Went back to inquirte about a king bed room (after spending another 20 min in line.. and this was at 1 a.m. on a Saturday after driving 8 hours to get there!), and they offered an upgrade for $20 for a king bed in an updated portion of the hotel.

It was great! Super clean, lcd tv, the works... Not such a good view of the strip - mostly a roof with a/c units - but a little sparkle of the Circus Circus across the street.

The casino itself is terribly outdated and is the ugly cousin of a beauty queen, and the food in the restaurants is pretty much only acceptable if you're super drunk @ 3 a.m. Oh, and don't even THINK about stopping at the Salon (across from the wedding chapel). I did, and I ended up looking like a Dolly Pardon hooker in a two-bit wig and $100 poorer.

However, for all if it's less-than-amazing qualities, overall the experience was pretty good. The staff is pretty friendly, and there's a certain charm with the old school style of the place. A good beginning to a Rat Pack style weekened.
This is the worst hotel ever. the only reason why i stayed here was because it was free! i honestly feel like i would of saved way more money if i stayed anywhere else. taxis were so hard to get and since it was far from the actual strip we spent alot! i even had a taxi throw me out because we made fun of drake, and said we were trash for staying there.. :(.. we upgraded for a suite and it seems like they just threw a couple of tables in the room and jacked up the price. true story, when i arrived in my room, the house keeping lady was taking a shit in the bathroom!!! wtf!!
It's not the Bellagio. Heck, it's not even Bally's. You won't find fancy pants roaming the halls but it has one amazingly huge, gorgeous saltwater pool and the rooms are clean and big (though the downside to the size of the rooms is that we had a small bathroom with a standup shower which was fine, but there were no shelves in there and nowhere to put your little shower items). Even though our room faced the floodlights that lit the building, the room remained dark due to the heavy drapes.

Cheap rooms via Kayak dot com ($28/night what!), free parking, decent food options but the place is a maze so don't think you're going to roam free in and out. The WiFi isn't free but there's a McDonald's across the street in case you need it. Heads up - book online book online book online. You will completely avoid the ridiculously long check-in lines by doing it at an electronic kyosk. Tip!
I haven't had a vacation in over 5 years...... came out here for Southwest Challenge ( 9-ball pool tournament)  Didn't have a lot of money to spend and planned on just playing pool. 

Check-in took a lil long but, there were a lot of people in line.  The Casino was nice enough... the pool area was nice.  The rooms were nice with flatscreen tv, fridge ( OK I was glad there was not a mini bar... I mean come on... they figured out ppl wanna put their own stuff in to save money!) 

Room service stops at Midnight.... but, one of the restaurants, Banana leaf is open til 4am.  Chicken fried rice is great but, stay away from General TSo's chicken. (dry) 

The beds were just what I needed after a lot of walking and feeling so tired and sore!  So soft and comfy!  The shower had hot water.... that didn't run out.  Came back one night and the lights wouldn't turn on in the bathroom.  I left... came back and they had already completed the work order and fixed things. 

The only thing upsetting had nothing to do with the hotel... it had to do with the people that put up the pool tables and take them down... they started taking the pool tables away while people were still in playoffs.. it was VERY distracting..... I honestly don't think I'd come back for the 9-ball challenge again... but, I will come back for the 8ball.

I'd have no problem staying here again.
OK back from The Riv again. This is my second review and I still give it the same rating. The check in was a little faster this but still kinda slow. Got a much better rate than their website or one of the "discount" hotel sites. Those sites are, literally, pennies cheaper than the Riv's site. My suggestion is use the Players Club phone # and the rates are usually10-20 bucks cheaper.  Nice to see the place busy . As usual the people that work there were great. Will go back.
Rooms clean. Food in the hotel is lousy. Eat anywhere else. Staff seems to have no idea what they are doing. Took 30 mins of disagreeing for them to find my original paperwork and see I really had paid in full in advance.  Resort fees were ridiculous.  Rooms are cheap so that's why the rating is a two and not a one.
for the price we paid for a suite it was definitely good! our room was very clean and didn't smell like other places i've stayed at. the room was big and spacious, even had friends over to hang with us. the pool is small but nice. and their cabanas are really nicely put together. Staff was super friendly and even though we got pretty loud in the room we had no problems with anybody. i definitely recommend this place to party.
I Have Stayed Here Year After Year. Its Not Fancy, Its Not Pricey , But Its Clean Quiet And The Staff Is Friendly
Just stayed here last weekend. I would have never booked here I prefer to stay up town Planet Hollywood. But we were in town for the World Paintball Championships. When we first booked it was only $60 a night for Friday, Saturday. That is a great price for a weekend rate. 

They would not let us check in early most up town hotels do. We parked in the structure so I can't comment on the valet. The walk from the structure to the hotel is short but there is a smell that will hit you like a ton of bricks a mix of fecal mater and rotting food. I guess that is what I get for not using the valet.

Once inside the signs posted made it easy to find the check in desk. The pool and area surrounding was closed but it was 50 degrees outside. But during the afternoon it would have been nice to sit on the lounge chairs and take in the sun. Great for a hangover. 

We upgraded to a suite for an additional $60 a night not bad would have been better if it was $40. The room had very old decor but was clean. It had a bar which is really nice with a refrigerator a plus. The beds were a bit hard and they promised roll a ways in our room but did not get them until we called twice. The TV's were old but worked and had a clear picture. The jacuzzi tub looked new but the shower looked old and had some mold in the corners YUCK! 

We ate at the Thai restaurant and the food was good and the price was OK. We ate one time at the food court and the food was OK but the people working there were rude especially in the fast food Chinese restaurant. 

The event was great it was close and well run. I only wish that the hotel would have had coupons for seating etc. 

All in all I will only go back to this hotel for the NPPL Championships. I will continue to go to my favorite hotel Planet Hollywood.
Very inconsistent experience.

It took forever to check in -- they were severely understaffed for a Saturday night. On the other hand, the desk clerk was very nice and did a great job handling the guy who tried to cut in line. Also, when we finally did talk to a manager later, he comped us Sunday brunch.

Our room was nice, but the hotel itself was rough around the edges. This was especially accentuated by the large number of empty (and not cleaned out) shops in the retail arcade areas.

The pool was a beautiful Olympic sized lap pool, but they had a floater divider between the shallow and the deep end, making it impossible to swim laps. The pool also didn't open til 9am. I suppose that may be early for the typical Vegas visitor, but there were at least a dozen people out there waiting for it to open.

Of course, when we arrived for Sunday brunch, we were a few minutes early -- they were still serving "breakfast" rather than "brunch". We tried to ask what was on the brunch buffet, and the hostess just said something like, "Well, you know, it's brunch, which is a mixture of breakfast and lunch, so it's got some lunch items on the buffet too." NOT helpful. We eventually talked to the restaurant manager, who was extremely apologetic and helpful, but still... Turns out the food was great and our server was really nice, though. The chef doing the made-to-order omelettes was friendly, had a great sense of humor, and was making fantastic omelettes.

One tip: if you sign up for their Players Club, you get comp tickets to the comedy club. We were able to go to the late show there after going to the early show of LOVE over at The Mirage.

Also, the Indian restaurant in the food court -- fantastic, if a tad over-priced.

All in all, I wouldn't generally recommend it, but if you're travelling last-minute and looking for a deal, it's passable. Just allow time for check-in.
I won a "free" hotel voucher thing (not exactly free since I had to pay tax and fees) and since I was going to Vegas for a concert, I figured it would be the perfect chance to use it.  The only place in Vegas my voucher was valid for was the Riviera and I figured, "how bad can it be?"  Old Vegas has it's charm, it's still on the Strip, so I thought it would be fine.

Esh.  Where do I start?  First off, the elevators in the parking structure are seriously scary.  Everytime we got in them, someone would remark that we were going to die, the cables would creak, and it was just freaky.  It got to the point where we started walking the 6 flights of stairs just to avoid the scary elevators.  We also started parking in the uncovered lot just past the garage, just to avoid the elevators!

Check-in?  Slow like molasses.  

Shops?  Lame.  The only good stores are the ABC stores, which have very reasonable prices.

The room?  It looked like it hadn't been updated since the 80s, except for a flat screen TV and iHome alarm clock.  The clock still had the wrong time and nobody had changed it since daylight savings ended.  The AC in our room rattled all night and we had to slap the panel in the ceiling to get it to stop.  Every hour it would start again.  We really should've asked for our money back at that point.  The walls were thin so we could hear the guy next door yelling at his kids at 7AM.  The curtains didn't close all the way, so we woke up when the sun came up.

The bathroom was okay, but there wasn't even a stopper in the sink.  I was paranoid I would lose an earring down that thing.  The sink pipe ran into the wall and it was just ghetto, like someone just freehand cut a circle in the wall and stuck a pipe through it.  The toilet was like an industrial toilet you see in public restrooms, so I used my foot to flush it every time.

Oh, and the Riviera is still on the Strip, however, it's really far from anywhere you'd want to go, so you can't really walk anywhere.  Thankfully, we had our car, so we just drove everywhere.
God bless the union. All the bartenders here are total jerks, and i would love to use a much more colorful word. This would be 1 star, but mike at le bistro bar was a sweetheart.. god, what i wouldn't give for a union pour card. Seriously, the majority of the bev staff need a major attitude adjustment.
Warning: If you've seen the incredibly cheap rates for "Penthouse" suites at the Riviera... DON'T DO IT!! It's a lie. I booked two 2 Bedroom Penthouse Suites for a birthday party... in addition to 5 other double rooms downstairs. They gave us ONE regular two bedroom suite and one "Mini Suite". Front desk manager could care less and told me I was free to stay somewhere else if I didnt like the rooms. 

Also... I never saw a flatscreen TV in any of our rooms... even though their website boasts about them.

This place is a dump... the casino sucked (6-5 blackjack everywhere, dumpy sports book, cheap machines and ONE bar)... and they repeatedly lied to me when I spoke to reservation people on the phone to verify our suites.

It's also not NEAR anything... except the Circus Circus. If you want to see Vegas, you will be taking lots of cabs.

I finally got a response to one of the angry emails I sent out... the GM offered me a comp'd 'deluxe' room... during the week... for one night. Geee... thanks. And still managed to make the offer WITHOUT apologizing.

I will only ever return to the Riv when they knock it down so I can pee on the rubble.
When we first visited Las Vegas in the early 2000, I thought this place was cool!  There were many old school casinos which I liked- Westward Ho, Stardust and definately Riviera!  I know now that people would rather go to the newer and bigger Casinos, but there is something about this place that gives me great memories.  
It could use alittle more remodeling, but I like the gaming selection, the fact that you cannot get lost in this joint and the atmosphere!
All i have to say is 1 hour check in. WTF!! The rooms where seemingly old & out dated. For a hotel in Vegas I was expecting a slightly more updated room. Our experience was maybe the worst I have had in any hotel. Again, the checkin was ridiculasly long, and I'm not joking when I said 1 hour!! And this was at 12:15am, on a Tuesday! Then we walked all the way to our room which was about a 10 min walk, with 2 kids mind you. Then we get into our room and just get a wiff of stall cigarette air. We specifically asked for a non smoking of course. So we called the front desk from our nasty room and we were on hold for more than 10 min, after being already frustrated and tired we decided to go to the front desk and go straight to the person and made our statement. We finally got our non smoking room, but also got  very uncomfortable beds. I could go on and on, but let's leave it at that. If you don't believe me just try to experince it yourself and you'll see. 

I normally don't write this long of reviews but this 1 just took it! And again, I could go on and on. Bottom line, choose a different hotel if staying in Vegas, The Riviera just didn't cut it.
Horrible - Stay Away  - Don't even consider - take your night stay and money somewhere else!! This hotel needs to be the next to shut down. We stayed for New Years weekend and here is the results - 

Cons:
1. Horrible Customer Service from front desk and Hotel Manager and house keeping. It's a do not care attitude. Perhaps they will be closing soon and know they are short timer. Once you check-in you can not get ahold of them via telephone. We had a employee tell us they need a dedicated person to just answer hotel guests and for them.
2. 35 minute check in time. 
3. Can't use luggage racks to roll to your room.
4. The room had holes next to the toliet, mold on the shower ceiling, cabinet was broken. Took 4 hours to get toliet paper from house keeping after four calls to house keeping. We had a newer remodeled room that looks like that just put a bandaid on it to seem like they redid it completely. Major painting and updating still needs to be done on the rooms. Sheets don't fit the bed size, so you spend the whole nite trying to keep the sheets on.
5. Hotel did not disclose check in charges or preauthorizations at checkin in dollar amounts - so you never know what they charge your credit card and they seem to think its some big mystery and don't know either. 
6. Food court area smells horrible and the food for most part looks that way also. I would never eat there just due to the smell. 
7. Car elevator made you feel like your in the twlight zone and only one was working on checkout. 
8. Casino floor is laid out very odd and we felt it had no clear layout or direction in mind. Floor is uneven at some places.  Buffet did not look good at all. Checkin area was moved without informing us when we booked the room.
9.  We got a laugh looking at all the strange people - kind like "these are the people of Walliemart music video/website". 
10. We went to the V. Williams concert inside a flat convention center. The seats were so horrible to sit in that I still have back pain from them. Not to mention some handicap person in wheelchair higher than the seats  was sitting right in front of us and we could not see the concert very well. Not to mention every minute someone was walking down the aisle way. Then we had gabby people next to us the whole time and getting drinks every 5 minutes. The concert was half full by mid-way and the band mentioned how old the hotel looked to them - which we felt was quite funny. 


Pros:
1. Member Services Management did resolve some issues we had and went above and beyond to help me out.
2. Steak House was pretty good to eat and had a good atmosphere.
4. Mcdonald's is close by.
5. Monorail is in walking distance from the hotel.
6. New Years dinner was amazing - they did a awesome job on that.
Eh, can't complain.

I spent 3 nights here in December. My buddy's mom works for another hotel (which shall remain nameless) but on short notice she was able to get a ridiculously cheap deal at the Riviera. I was expecting a lot worse based on some of the reviews, honestly.

I only ever came in through the lobby and went straight up to my room - we walked through the casino once (and I was inebriated enough to not care that it was deserted on a Friday night). It was old but clean, and my room was reasonably nice. Sure, the bathroom was obviously from maybe the 80s at the oldest, but Christ people, it's a lot of money to renovate a whole hotel when it all still works.This is not the Hilton or Four Seasons. Anyway, it was clean, the beds were comfy, we had a flat-screen TV and iHome dock, there were towels/soap/shampoo. I was pleased with the place.

The only real downside to me was the neighborhood - in Vegas, you don't want to drive between the traffic and impending inebriation, and this was NOT a nice area to walk through. It was about 2 blocks of "Oh my God, we're going to get mugged" before we reached the Wynn and the real strip.

Oh, and the maids neglected to clean my room the second day. Mind you, the two of us who were up to no good kicked them out when they knocked at noon, so maybe we frightened them away. Oh well.
If you plan to stay here, you must know what you are looking for.

If you want a good experience for your stay at the strip, don't stay here.  The hotel is absolutely on the dead side of the strip.  If you want to be close to what's happening, stay at a hotel in the middle of the strip.  If you are looking for cheap accomodations, this is a good choice. But be prepared to walk far or use public transportation to get anywhere interesting.

Stayed here for a convention that its convention center was hosting (no it's not adult con) and it was a smart decision to stay here since besides attending the event, we weren't really up to going around the strip.

Recap:

Rooms - coming in, I set my standards low but I was actually surprised how the rooms in the Monaco tower were updated.  New TV, soft bed, modern bathroom facilities, decor is also up to date.  Also, free wifi in the room.  My problem was regarding the door.  It was hard to close.  You really have to yank very hard for it to close.  And it's not just our door that's that way.  In the wee hours of the night or early morning, you will hear loud bangs from your neighbor because they too have the same door handle.  

Hallway - the hotel needs to invest in new carpets.  it was difficult to drag my suitcases when the carpets are wrinkled, unsmooth, and uneven.  

ABC Stores - This is probably the best part of this hotel.  I got everything I needed during my stay here.

Overall, the place is not the best, but like I said, you really need to know what you want to stay here.  If you don't really care about the rest of the strip and is here for the convention. Stay here.
The staff at the Riviera is VERY rude! A couple of staff members started talking about my family and I in front of our faces just because we had asked, earlier, if there were any rooms available. RIDICULOUS! Not only did they have bad attitudes, but they kept us waiting for about an hour until we got our room. Also, the restaurant inside the hotel has very poor quality food. If I could rate this hotel less than one I would.
I just waited in line for over an hour to check into the hotel. Over an hour!!! Unacceptable!!!!!!!!
This was my first time ever booking a hotel online so I would like to point out some tips for nubcakes like myself: 

1) Even though you're booking a night for the same exact day, online prices will change from week to week. Keep that in mind when looking for a deal. 
2) Booking a hotel from its actual website will only give you access to the highest available price they offer. It's best to scrounge around for some other sites that will allow you to book at other hotels. 
3) Hotels do not reserve your non-smoking or smoking request (either that or Rivieria doesn't do that at all). 
4) There is a hidden facility fee (at least Riviera hid this from me) that they will charge you at the front desk when you check into your room (it costs around $9). 

Now that my online-hotel booking cherry has been popped, let's talk about the Riviera. First off, it's one of the cheapest (if not the cheapest) main hotels on the Las Vegas strip. I paid $128 for a night (not including the hidden facility fee). However, you really get what you pay for. 

The rooms themselves have a relatively effete view of the strip. However, the beds are comfortable enough. The room service is average and I had no idea where to get extra towels. They have a pool but no jacuzzi! 

I had the opportunity to eat at the in-house buffet which gets a two star rating from me. My most memorable moment involved me raising my hand to get the waitress' attention as I was absolutely parched. She looked at me and said, "Don't you do that." My cronies and I were in a curious quandary because we could not figure out how I was being rude. Her rude attitude continued for the entire time we were there. Now every time I raise my hand for anything, my friends will promptly look at me and say, "Don't you do that." 

The food itself is typical of a veritable plethora of buffets: average. If anything, always forage for a section that includes a chef cooking food right in front of you. Fortunately, this buffet had such a chef. This convivial cooker served us some sumptuous omelets. I responded with a dollar tip for his services. However, the only tip I gave that  feckless waitress was a note saying "Get a new job." Zing!
Stayed here with my family last August. We will for sure be back this coming summer!
The RIviera is a true Vegas Classic as Vegas should be.
While it is at the end of the Strip you can still walk the strip after all it is only 4 miles and there is so much to look at along the way.
We arrived early . The only down side to this hotel is that check in is at 4 if they have a room ready you should be able to check in no matter what the time is.
The hotel was Vintage Vegas which is a breath of fresh air considering all the others except a few are way too modern.
The room we had was in the Mediterranean North Tower.It had just been remodeled which was nice . It had Comfy beds nice shower and for those who like them a flat screenTV, which I could care less about your are on Vacation you are not there to watch TV. Everything was extreamly clean that is the one thing I worry about. The size of a room and what is offered in room is of no intrest to me.
The food court was nice they had a nice choice of food. There is a McDonalds across the street and a Dennys about a block down.
The pool was very nice and clean. The Casino is also very nice because it is not crowded. There isa Duce Bus stop right in front of the hotel so you can hop right on.
This is  a Great Hotel to stay in if you want Vintage Vegas and less crowds.
Thanks for a Great Stay Riviera!! Looking foward to stay with you again this year!!
There is a very good reason why The Sands, The Frontier etc. were torn down = Time had passed them by in the fast lane. There is a reason why The Riviera is still standing and that is because it got a reprive from the economic downturn we are currently experiencing, The same economic downturn that forced the halt of construction of the Echelon across the street from The Riviera and the massive Fountainbleu right beside it to the north as well as the closure of The Sahara right up the road. 

Had any of these construction projects gone forward to completion it would have been The DEATH NAIL for this hotel that is living on borrowed time. As it is, the only thing that has people staying there is its "$25 a night rooms" and as you might imagine, this draws in every type of undesirable element that you could ever imagine.

Lets start out driving North on LV Blvd in an attempt to check in to the Riviera. Its 6pm on a weekday and as we slow down in our approach to the Hotel there is a sign indicating "Check in" and a ramp leading down. Here we meet a old bald overweight Security Guard who is walking as if he has a load in his pants and he is none to pleased to see us. This person should be running a Prison instead of a Hotel, only time has passed him by as well and he;s probably lucky to have even this job. He surely informs us that this area is closed and the check in is around the back. (Why have a sign on the Strip indicating that this is the check in then?!) So we wind our way through and around this mammoth underground area and come up a ramp that brings us to a road with another entrance that appears to be the Check in area.

As we attempt to park here we are approached by a large Security Guard on a bike dressed in yellow & black and he too is in no good mood and informs us if we park here we will be towed. I ask him where the check in is and he points towards the road and rides off on his bike that is somehow holding up his massive weight. You would think that a Hotel that is on its last leg would at least try and have some kind of "Customer Service Awareness" or signs indicating where the Check in area is at....you'd think right?

So I get back in the car and we drive towards the area the chap on the bike pointed and we come to a curve with 2 tunnels in front of us both indicating one way traffic and NOT our way! We go forward as this is our only option and drive around a parking garage and finally come out on a road where we finally see buses & cabs and the likes and we move towards this area and get out and ask if this is the check in. Again we are met with more hostility being told by a "Bellman" that we cannot park our car here and that we need to find a parking spot and then check in. He does offer to take our bags though.

Now we are faced with finding parking. Good Luck with THAT!! We drive around the first garage we come to and go all the way to the top finding no available spaces. Now instead of us wasting our time and gas, wouldnt it be appropriate to have a sign indicating that the garage is FULL? I guess that would be to modern of a concept for this 50's era hotel. So we drive off further and further away from the check in area to find parking in a lot with buses, semi-trucks with trailers and we park there. As we get out we are approached by some derelict that has seen better days who asks us for some change. I guess this is Parking Lot Reception?

Finally we get to the Front Desk and there is a winding line of 120 people (I counted them = 120!!) all waiting to check in to the hotel and at the desk there are 2 clerks slowly making there way here and there with papers in thier hands checking people in. I walked to the front of the line and asked a group how long they had been waiting and was told 1 1/2 hour. Are you kidding me? I guess EXPRESS CHECK IN is a concept the management running this place further into the ground has never heard of?

We left and checked in to the Marriot on Convention Center Drive where we did not have a reservation and the entire process of parking, checking in and getting to our room took less than 20 minutes. After reading some of the comments here I'm glad we did. I guess if you like living in the past The Riviera is for you. My advice is to have ALOT of time on your hands, prepare to be treated like a prisoner, have some extra change for the derelicts wandering around and get there soon because THIS PLACE IS ON ITS VERY LAST LEG.....My better advice is DONT......You have been warned.
Hotel - 3 stars
Price - 5 STARS *****  Got $25 on expedia for 2 different  trips
Rooms - 3 stars My room was updated and just like any other standard room.  Nothing fancy, but good.

Although the hotel has 1970s carpet and the casino and lobby are outdated, The service was good, and the price was right.  I LOVED the old style Maquis lights out front.  Nice to see, as the Riv and Circus are the only two left outside Freemont street with the old lights at night.  Hotels have a fast food court which is cheap and convenient, but not open late.  Casino has a nice bar as well as a separate British Pub, Chinese restaurant, Steakhouse, and Buffet. 

All in all, I liked the old style, because my room was clean and new.

Just like the hotel food is eehh, but prices are fair.

Location is OK, about 8-10 minute walk out of the back of the hotel to Las Vegas Hotel where the monorail stops to go to the main part of the strip.  Not a nice walk, through deserted parking lot.  Not recommended, unless you're just a group of guys.  Instead, 8-10 minute walk to the Wynn and fashion show mall which begins the main part of the "newer strip".  If you're young it'll save you lots on cabs.  About 2 minutes past Wynn is Monorail stop at Imperial Palace.  If you're coming home late from the main strip its about $5.00 cab from Las Vegas Hotel Monorail.
Ok. When you go to Las Vegas to get the hell away and have to pay for airfare as well. All I can tell you is it's old, worn, but CLEAN! I did feel as if I was stuck in circa 1978 for a few days but hey! It actually worked for the money. It's not fancy and far away from the new part of the strip so I suggest instead of paying for monorail tickets bring or rent a car!
Out of curiosity I wandered to the back of the casino for the first time yesterday. I looked and felt too clean to be there, particularly early in the day. I felt like I was receiving unwarranted attention until I realized that I was probably the only person in the place that was under 60. The stale, smoky air was stifling and I left satisfied in knowing that I'd not been missing out on anything in my avoidance of the past. 

 I'm a bit nostalgic when it comes to some of the older casinos, but that did not carry over to the Riviera.
I was looking forward to going back to The Riviera.  Years ago, if one wagered twenty bucks, they one an awesome embroidered denim jacket.  It had the desired effect, we pitched a tent there and gambled.

    Not this time.  That promotion is gone, as is "Nickel Town", which used to be attatched.

    I only saw one waitress on the main slot floor, blonde, a little tall, short haircut.  She scowled and attempted to make no eye contact.   Hey lady, I am a good tipper, and you don't even know me yet, what is with the hostility.

    We left.  We didn't give the Riviera a dime.  I worry about this end of the Strip and wish the R the best, but it didn't seem like the same place.
What a dump!!!  Just got back from a 3 day stay at the Riviera for the first time.  The newly "renovated" rooms in the Monaco Tower are pathetic!  The curtains were falling down, the towel rack in the bathroom fell off and the room itself looked like a standard budget motel!  The only good thing was the iPod dock and the falt screen TV.  The maids were knocking on my door, even with my 'do not disturb' sign on the door!  Also, they were very loud in the hallways as they were cleaning speaking in some foreign language.  Stay away.  I've been to Vegas about 40 times and this was the worst place I've ever stayed.  The Sahara was nicer than this DUMP!!
Okay, so I'm a bit spoiled. Normally in Vegas I stay at nice hotels. But, since my convention was at the Riviera I figured I'd just stay there rather than have to cab back and forth from another hotel. My room was in the original tower (built in the 50's) and felt like a Motel 6 with new tile. The rooms have been renovated, but even your grandma looks old after her most recent facelift. 

Although its on the strip, it's pretty out of the way (but within walking distance of Encore or the convention center) and its surrounded by empty ghost properties that fell victim to the recession (Fountain Blue and Echelon).

How strange is this: although the building is only 6 stories, the elevator numbers are listed 31-36. So if you want to go to the ground floor, you have to press 31 (and there's no instructions, I sat in the elevator for 5 minutes until another hotel guest got in and instructed me on the Riviera elevator nuances)

Bottom line: it's a cheap hotel, but I wouldn't call it a bargain.

Pros: relatively cheap, great English pub, decent beds, flat screen tv (but it's small), mini-fridge in room for personal use, lots of history, free in-room wi-fi

Cons: Old and worn down, shower head is about 5 feet off the ground, resort fee ($11/night), $3.50 per night if you want to use the in-room safe, long wait to check in
Are all the wrecking balls and implosion teams booked out or something?  Why is this embarrassment to lodging and gaming not reduced to a pile of rubble with chunks of polyester pants, disco balls and coke vials mixed in. The last time this hotel was relevant sinatras nut hairs were still black.   Ok, gave it 2 stars because the bed was comfy and the petite suite had a 40"
This is by far the most Awful room experience I've ever had. I consider myself a pretty chill person. Waited in line 1.5 hours to check in. The girls next to me got upgraded to better rooms but not me, okay no big deal. They stuck me next to the elevator -- which in normal hotels is no big deal -- but here you can hear EVERY time the elevator goes up and down (not so good on the sleeping situation). Plus $11/night resort fee.

Pay $20 more a night and go somewhere else. Please! I wish I had consulted yelp before purchasing --I viewed only the over inflated expedia reviews -- I was mislead. 

They also wouldn't switch us to a new room (after we asked nicely) -- told us  there were no rooms available. I went on expedia and guess what -- they still had rooms available. It crushes my heart that people would just lie like that. 

Very disappointed. 

Very.
I think others have been unkind to this place.  I really liked it and it was far better than other places for the money we could afford.  Yes, it's pretty far down the strip.  Spend $7 and get a 24 hour bus pass that will take you anywhere you want to go, just about!  Yes, it's one of the oldest casino/hotels on the strip.  It doesn't smell musty like old cigars or drunken lounge singers!  It's nice and comfortable and well appointed and cheaper than even the Tropicana with its new South Beach whitewashed look (this is Vegas, if I wanted whitewashed decor I'd go to South Beach, thank you! Blech).

For what would only have gotten us a small, ordinary room at another casino/hotel, we ended up with a beautiful 2 room suite with 2 king beds (the most comfortable I've ever slept in!), 2 bathrooms, really nice sitting room with a balcony and a mini bar to boot!

I gave this place 4 stars because for me, the traveler on a budget, that's exactly what it is!  We will be back!!
We stayed at the Riviera recently and had a great time. The rooms have been renovated and our friends stayed in the penthouse - the place was pretty big and had a great view of the strip. For 200 a night it seemed like a pretty good deal. It doesn't have the amenities like the bigger, newer, name hotels; but we didn't have to go far for entertainment. Great night club and comedy show.  
As some of the other reviews have noted, our only complaint was the wait at check in/out, a little slow there, and they NEVER answer at the front desk from the room phone.
This place has seen better days. I feel like such a douchebag snob, but MAN, couldn't help but giggle at how rundown the lobby and casino were and couldn't stop thinking about Austin Powers when I first arrived. 

We stayed here because my girlfriend had a free room for some reason or another.  I don't think I would stay here again even if it were free. The room was fine (SO SMALL and no "getting ready" space (we were in the North Mediterranean tower) but it's just kind of a buzzkill. The casino sucks, it's pretty far away from the newer areas of the strip and all the employees we came across were so dense and not as service oriented as I feel they should be. 

The valet guys told the two people standing next to us (and us at one point) they couldn't find our car. The front desk connected a man to my room at 4am (he only gave them my first name, too, which is Brittany -- not the most uncommon of first names) at 4am. Of course I was awake but that just seems a little weird. Also - for the love of all things holy, do not make any "long distance" (outside Vegas area code) calls from this hotel - $20 each!! 

So icky and completely defeats the point, in my mind, of going to Vegas to indulge in luxury.
Meh. I've experienced better.  Yup, that sums it up.   

This hotel isn't on top of all the action of the stip, so the prices tend to be a litte more reasonable.. and i think they are either remodeling or have a newer 'tower' in the mix.... however, I got assigned to maybe one of their orginal rooms?  You know, back in the day when the average human was only like... 4 ft 11 or so?  you would think so when you step into a shower and have to swat down to get your head wet.  It was either a very high faucet or very low shower head.

Confusing to find the right elevator or right section or right room.  ugh.  When I get to my hotel, I want to just dump my stuff and go gamble!!!  you know.. spend more money in your hotel?  Don't have me walking outside in freezing weather past the pool, left or right or left again to find the room.  Ugh.  And then please ride your elevators once in a while... because unless this is to be a horror ride... the noices and clinks and clanks and all don't really make me feel to good. 

Your saving grace was your buffet. OMG. YUM. YUM. and the server was AWESOME ....   the best part of my stay.....   

I just think that with all the competition, a little investment to make the rooms up to standard ( hallways not covered in stands and dark and dreary... fresher rooms)... that it may go a long way. 

I come to Vegas often, but probably won't come back here, unless the prices are really that good... Who knows.......
Checked in 3/4 and left 3/7  Had a suite asked for it to be in the Monaco towers as that where the rest of the gang was. Didn't happen even with advanced notice. ended up staying in the older section.  Everything is older and you can tell it, rugs need a good washing, windows needed to caulked,  They had a huge wind storm and all night long the wind whistled and the curtains blew around.  Pool closed and wi-fi worked when it wanted to, charged $11.00 a night for things I couldn't use.  Buffet needs a lot of work, one of the worst I've been to. Guest services were polite.
Worst experience ever at a hotel. Their manager Ed Castillo was a jerk.  He showed disrespect to me and my friends.  We will never come back here. And I recommend that if you read this, you never stay at the Riviera. Plus, the dealer named Wolfgang was very rude to us as well.
Tried to go to the British restaurant in the hotel.  Pulled into the driveway from the strip to get to the self parking garage.  They must have had a show just get out because the line to get to the self parking merges with the valet exit and it was a cluster-fudge of traffic that took us about 20 minutes to get to the other side where the garage was.  We decided to not go to the Riviera and left when we had a chance to get out of there.  They have the worst entry/exit for cars that I have ever been in.  I will never go to the Riviera again.
Actually attended the Riviera to see Jan Rouven's Illusions at the Starlight Theater and I have to say that this is probably one of the easiest hotel/casinos to navigate on the strip. I wasn't wandering helplessly for hours trying to find parking or the theater. Although it may not have the bells and whistle of it's neighbors it's definitely "user friendly". Jan Rouven's show was phenomenal had front row seats and STILL couldn't figure out the mystery behind the magic. I definitely recommend Illusions as a great all ages family show or even an inexpensive, quality alternative to David Copperfield or Chris Angel.
Horrible experience.  I planned a trip well over 6 months ago for Vegas for my birthday and everything about this trip's reservations was horrible. Booked through Travelocity and the reservations never showed in Riviera's system. I called and sat on hold the week before my trip at least 3 times to no avail.  When we checked in, my reservations were still not in their system.  Even after proof of my reservation, showing my call log, and being sweet at pie to the idiot hotel registration clerk I received no "I'm sorry for the inconvenience" no, "can we upgrade you for your troubles"... Nothing... It wasn't until I complained for at least the third time that I was even upgraded to what they called a suite. And even then it was a "Well we normally don't do this".... RUDE! 

Most horrible hotel experience ever. Luckily we didn't allow it to ruin our trip but I'd never ever suggest it to anyone I know.  Ever.  

Horrible.
This place only gets 2 stars for the price of the rooms that we got on lasvegasdirect.com ($200 for 3 nights) and the surprisingly good Indian fast food joint in their food court- otherwise, it would be a solid 1 star.
When we arrived, the check-in line went around to almost the door and took about 30-45 minutes. They couldn't hire some more people for the sake of providing good customer service? When we finally got to the front, the lady that checked us in had her purse in hand and rushed to get us out so that she could leave. 
Riviera has a "best rate guarantee" that states that if you find a better rate anywhere else online, they'll match it and give you a complimentary room upgrade. When we brought this up, she said that we never mentioned this when we made our reservation (even though we did over and over and over again). Finally, I asked to speak to a manager and had to tell them that a friend of mine checked in earlier that day with the same deal and got her room upgrade. Like a previous reviewer said, these people finally gave in and said, "We don't normally do this, but we'll give it to you." You don't normally do this? Really? Then why is there an entire special section for it on your website? I hate incompentence. 
In her hurry to get off her shift, she failed to give us room keys. When we pointed that out, she rudely said, "No, I gave it to you. You must have put it somewhere." Umm...no we didn't...we've been standing here the whole time and never once reached into our pockets or purse/wallet. In a huff, she gave us "another" set of keys but didn't even bother to activate them. This ended up leaving me sitting on the floor by our hotel room while the hubs went downstairs again to get it activated.
We had a room on the Monaco Tower, and it was alright. I guess it matched the pricetag. I mean, nothing was dirty or disgusting, but you could tell that it was older. If this was their "upgrade" then I'd hate to see the room that we would've gotten. 

Other things that added to the bad stay:
-A friend of mine who failed to mention the best rate guarantee/room upgrade didn't get a comforter because they ran out. They gave her a gross, uncomfy wool blanket instead. At least we got a comforter I suppose... 
-Riviera's website advertises $50 of free slot play if you book with them and join their Players Club. I did this, and was given the run around (literally). I was sent back and forth between the front desk and the players club 3 times to try to get my free slot play. Nothing. I had lost about 45 minutes doing this, so I just gave up out of frustration.
-The in-a-hurry check-in lady never gave us a sheet of coupons that they're supposed to give everyone at check-in. We found out about this much later on. Turns out we could've actually used a few of the coupons for poker tournament buy-ins and food. Gah too late.
-Another friend of mine couldn't find her "do not disturb" sign, and they wouldn't give her another one. End result: being woken up by the cleaning ladies every morning at 10 or 11am...which wouldn't be a huge deal if you didn't go to bed around 7am every night/morning. 

Next time I'm in Vegas, I will never go close to this place- unless maybe if I'm craving Indian food in the middle of the night :P
Sure, you save some money on the hotel room itself, but it comes out to be pretty much the same when you consider the hundreds of dollars in cab and limo fees to get from the Riviera to the center of the strip (where we spent a lot of our time) and back for the days that you're there.
The hotel smelled very nice- less smokey that most.  The gaming tables were a lot of fun.  The rooms were nothing special, but not bad, either.  Biggest problem was valet services.  Took nearly 20 minutes to get a taxi every time.  The front was littered with trash- every time there was a wind gust, we were pelted with dirt!  Check-in was also a lengthy process.
Had a single night stay Thanksgiving 2011. Good rate sub $40 (+$7 resort fee) for a Queen room in the Monaco Tower. You have to walk outside past the pool away from the casino floor to get to the Monaco Tower. My check in took less than 4 minutes (i timed it) but a 45 minute wait in line for my turn.

The room was nicely appointed as if renovated in the past 3 years with minimal signs of wear. Bathroom was a newer update as well.

didn't spend much time in the casino. Plus is their convent store chain had good pricing even on the grab-n-go sandwiches. Strip valet parking fills quickly but found valet back by the convention center on property (and closer to rooms in the back.)

Bigger property, a bit dated look but the room I thought was on par as far as design, age, condition and cleanliness. Would stay again all things considered - not my 1st choice to pamper myself but not the last if I needed just a clean room on the strip.
I don't know where to start other than this place is awful.  I had my room broken into and ALL of my electronics were stolen.  Not even that things were stolen, I felt unsafe being in a hotel where people can easily break into rooms.  Turns out the door wasn't closing properly and they told me it was my fault.  Their service was horrible and hotel manager was incredibly rude.  I asked for a copy of my report that I filed with their security and they refused to give it to me for my police report.  Then I was walking through the casino with 3 females and some crazy homeless bum was stumbling around and screaming at the ladies I was with.  Security again was nowhere to be found, I had to go to their podium and point out that there was a guy following us.  I work in the industry and this place is at the absolute bottom of my list for a safe and clean hotel...the only thing you should be guaranteed in a hotel.  DO NOT GO HERE!
I want to like the Riviera since it's one of the last casinos in this town that are from Vegas' heyday.  It would be nice to roam a casino and get that feeling that you were in the same place that Ann Margaret or Bob Hope spent a glamorous vacation or go see a show and imagine yourself in the same theater where Elvis or Frank preformed.

Instead, I get sad when I come here.

A major facelift is in order.  Some new bars, restaurants, and shows to bring in a different crowd.  A new soundtrack with either current music or oldies- not whatever it is they have playing now.  Maybe some raises so the employees smile once in a while.

Note to tourists: I have not seen the rooms so I cannot help there.  The location is on the very north end of The Strip near the Stratosphere and the now-closed Sahara.  Expect to walk for a good bit or catch a ride to reach the other casinos farther south on The Strip.
Well, I gotta say that this place wasnt bad. Again, i didnt stay here, but had a 3 day conference in the back. The valet guys were very cool and friendly. The place is pretty long, as it doesnt look like that from the strip. 

When I was there, they were remodeling and doing construction, but the place wasnt a rundown.
I read the reviews here and somehow I must have seen something few have. For starters I got a fantastic price on my room on a busy weekend in vegas. Lowest rate on the strip during a convention @ $96 a night. Secondly, yes the casino and hotel are historically old but I think the staff and management did a great job keeping up. This is not a Mandalay Bay or MGM Grand I know.  However, this was a great hotel for the price I paid. I got a nice BIG room for myself with a great price. It was clean, stacked with towels, and quiet since I got a corner room (luckily). Staff here was pleasant at check in and the casino seemed not too shabby. This is definitely a good choice if you're looking for a cheaper option and more bang for your buck!
Ok......when you walk in the lobby you will feel like its the 70's but get past that and into the Monaco Tower and you'll find yourself pleasantly surprised and the joint's cleanliness and recently renovated rooms. I literally felt like we walked into a different hotel since it was a completely different feel from the cheesy disco vibe you got in the lobby. Bang for the buck, I'd definitely stay here again, I'm the type of traveler who just crashes at hotels so I'm more interested on whats going on outside, if you're the same way, you'd book this place too.
Room is nice enough. Bed is very comfortable. Food at the R Buffet and the poolside cafe were barely adequate. Free wi-fi is a nice bonus. Older crowd here mostly. I saw a cocktail waitress in the casino old enough to be my much older sister. An unusual thing considering I am getting close to 50.
As with another reviewer has listed with their stay that was about a month prior to mine I too was robbed while staying at this hotel.  The hotel has also stated that this was my fault stating that the room door didn't close properly.  I also requested a report of their "findings" only to be told they cannot provide me with anything outside of the statement that I made to Risk Management.  I asked for potential hallway cameras and I was told that there were none.  I will also mention that the evening before we were awaken by someone in the room who claimed to be housekeepting at 2:30 in the morning.  We immediately left and found another hotel to finish out our Vegas stay.  Do NOT trust this hotel.  It is not safe and honestly the staff really didn't care.

My husband and I have been to Vegas many many times and have stayed at many hotels between the two of us.  Never before have I ever had anything like this occur.

I did stay in the Monoco Towers of upgraded rooms and they were barely 21st century and from the sounds of the Risk Management group the doors do not work properly.
I just returned from my bachelor party in Vegas and me and 9 other guys chose the Riviera based on it being the cheapest Strip hotel. I will admit I didn't have big expectations because of all the bad reviews but I was completely shocked that the reviews were so low. I arrived Friday around 6 pm and waited to check I'm for no more then 15-20 minutes. There was plenty of staff working and James at the front desk did an excellent job of getting me the room I needed all in the same tower and floor as my friends. In no way is the Riviera comparable to newer Vegas hotels, but if you need a place to lay your head and hold your things it works fine. When we got to our room the ironing board was broke. We called the front desk and a new one was at our door in less then 5 minutes! I talked with some staff at Queen Victories Pub...excellent breakfast and wonderful staff...and they explained to me the Riv filed bankruptcy and was under new management. This may explain my experience compaired with other reviews. If you give the Riviera a try I'm sure your experience will be much closer to mine then those of past reviews.
im a nascar fan and im staying here tonight and i wanted to know if there cable tv provided all channels. the speed channel to be precise. plz let me know
This hotel does not deserve even one star.  It is a total dump.  Bad service, crappy room, everything is outdated.  The only reason I stayed here was because I had a convention to get to and the prices were astronomically high for most hotels at the time.  I would not stay here again, though.  The hotel operates almost as though no one runs it.  It's like it's on autopilot.  You get the sense that none of the workers have anyone they are responsive to at all.
I'm staying here now and am disappointed that we decided to do so.  Ok, so we got the free offer for 3 nights and needed to go to Vegas for a trade show.  We had offers from 2 other hotels, but thought old Vegas would be cool.  After checking in we tried to nap this afternoon to construction noises from the next room.  Unfortunately we tried to call the front desk and no one answered the lines endlessly.  Then, we tried to call the manager's office, no answer there for 15 minutes.  Of course, now we are unhappy.  So, we call Security, three times and they tell us they will check out the loud repair sounding noises, on a Sunday coming from the room next to us.  No call back.  When I called again, the Security employee told me to "get over it"!!!  Well, we marched down to the front desk and eventually had to pack up everything and we have been moved to another room.  

The hotel is old, that's ok, and it is undergoing some renovation, that's good.  But customer service is weak.

Let's give them a chance to get better.  I hope they do.
The Riviera suffers from a serious case of Old. It isn't just that the structure is old, it's that its spirit seems to be merely lingering, waiting to die, as do much of its staff. That's not to say that it's bad. It's just old. It's various lobby and casino displays are themed around really cool events that happened there fifty years ago (when brass and mirrors were "in"), and nothing about what's going on there now. Because there's nothing cool going on there now. "Riviera! Look how hip we used to be!" is a great slogan to sum it up.

My experience at the Riviera started out with extreme annoyance at how long it took to check in. There were maybe twenty people in line, yet it took about 90 minutes to get to the counter. And then I discovered that they had lost my reservation. After waiting another thirty minutes while the clerk was investigating the situation in a back room, she returned to say that they were able to work something out, and offered two free tickets to some crappy comedy show in their theater. Needless to say, I'd never heard of the comic, and just tossed the tickets.

If you're going to Vegas for other reasons, and don't plan on being in your room or the casino much, then you could do worse than the Riviera. If nothing else, it's cheap. We were in town for the NAB Show and just wanted cheap lodging, for which Riv came through.

The Queen Victoria pub is pretty good, and they have a lot of great beers and ales on tap. We had crappy service the first time we ate there, but the servers on the other two occasions made up for it. The fish and chips are excellent.

I also got a kick out of the pool area, because when you step into it from the hotel, you could have just stepped right back into 1960. It kinda made me feel like Frank. I would say that the period decor is spot-on, but it isn't decor; it's original period. If you're shooting a movie and you need a Rat Pack-era pool setting, get your ass to the Riv.

Will I stay there again? Probably not, since I've decided that my life goals need to be moving forward instead of stagnating. Next year I'm aiming for Treasure Island. Not Bellagio, yet. I shouldn't get ahead of myself. But, if someone were to tell me, it's the Riviera or nothing, then sure, I wouldn't mind staying there again. I could use the fish and chips as an excuse.
I decided to give the Riv another chance.. Glad I did. I hear a lot about the guy running it now trying to make it players place vs. an amusement ride stuffed super hotel. I like what they have done. Way better than when I was there about a year ago. Remodel is paying off big time! I like the setups, the Asian restaurant in there is not really very Asian but whatever. The table areas were nice and reworked. It didn't even smell in there! LOL.. I like.. I am hitting it a few times now and see if I have some luck over there! 

Keep up the good work guys!
This hotel sucks, basic room is sooo small, our small suite is backed up to the elevator shafts so there was no getting any sleep!! Pool sucks, slots were so tight i wont go into details!! Id rather stay at a hospital!!!
My friends and I just got back from vacation here.  We went through Casablanca Express and got a good deal . . . Or so we thought.
This place is horrible and I will never stay here again.
There was a cockroach crawling on the wall in our room as soon as we came in.
When we went down stairs for compensation, the manager acted like we were inconveniencing her.  I believe her name was Dorothy.  We made our reservation for an EK bed in a smoking room.
We got 2 full size mattress in a cockroach room.
The manager, after coming back 3 times, finally upgraded us to the Signature suites and refunded our resort fees after giving us hella attitude. NOT ENOUGH!
The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because NICHOL was amazing with helping us out and I LOVED the Batman slot game.  Othwerwise, I give this place 1 star!
DO NOT STAY HERE.  This place is seriously overpriced (rooms, drinks, buffet, etc.), cockroach filled and their customer service is a joke.
My friends and I will never stay here again.
It's not a bad hotel at all, but it is just very old and is shadowed under the much fancier hotels in Vegas.

I've stayed here twice because it was cheap. $49 for a room on a weekend isn't bad at all. 

Room was clean, basic, smelled fine, but I found it a little hard to breathe at night. Mattresses were a little too hard for my liking but what can ya do..

Pool is small but nice enough. I spent a lot of time out there swimming in it and sitting by it. Drinks they serve in the poolside bar are WEAK though. 

Gambling is affordable but this is definitely NOT  a "happening" hotel for people in my age group which is 20s. And I think those of us in our 20s who stay there don't EXPECT it to be either.... come on we know we're just staying here because it's cheap.  Just sleeping here, not hanging out here. My friends and I actually walked to the Wynn hotel which is right next door at one point.

The bartenders in the casino at 3 in the morning were pretty nice, friendly and helpful, though. That was cool.

Self parking garage really sucks though... not enough spaces and the elevators are pretty scary.
Read several of the recent reviews and you'll get the idea. OLD & in need of up grades.. The room was tolerable, though disappointing for the $. I tried hard not to think about the price we'd paid for an old dirty barely updated room. The linens seemed fresh, which was the only positive. 

Lots of families staying here, which for me, helped the atmosphere. The casino layout was crazy & we were constantly lost, unable to find our elevator tower. We ended up spending more time at Circus Circus across the street. The wifi was incredibly s-l-o-w... nearly always gave up on internet & just turned the computer off.

Vegas has some sort of ordinance about hotel swimming pools closing early --- which was crazy to me. We're out all day doing things, in desert heat, and would have loved to come back to the hotel for a nice cool swim..... oh no no no-- the pool closes at 8pm, it's still light outside & very hot - just take a cold shower.

positives: on the north end of the strip, walking distance to other, better hotels
negatives: OLD & dirty, very small pool with blaring music during the day, the hallways to the rooms are VERY dark & poorly lit - maybe it's to hide the dirty carpets

If you're looking for a "retro" experience, this might be just the place for ya, it's hay-day has definitely come & gone

I admit, we were trying to save some money & not spend a fortune on a room, but maybe it's worth spending a little bit more...
Would I recommend this place? probably not. Look for better options.
I had to have the maid come in and change our sheets that had been changed earlier with sheets that were stained with who knows what.  But it was disgusting and I can't imagine the first maid that put the sheets on could have missed it.  

Our neighbors had a nice screaming match that sounded like it could get violent at any moment.  I called security, they never showed.  

The hallways smell of old cat litter box. Nasty! 

The front desk people are rude and don't even let you speak.  They just speak over you and tell you NO.

The whole place is old and needs some serious renovations.  Our room looked like they tried to remodel at some point but it was more of slapping some new stuff over the old stuff.
Stayed here during a conference at the convention center. At first when I decided on the Riviera, I was like meh. Even when I got to the hotel, it was meh. The taxi drop off is in the back and feels like an alley. There's no door men. The lobby is tiny. On Saturday night, the casino was nearly empty. My room smelled like balls. My view was off a roof and construction site.

But ya know what? It turned out to be a great decision. The hotel is walking distance (clearly marked) to the convention center, so you don't have to screw around with the monorail on your way to a conference, which was great because it was NAB and the lines for that thing go for miles in the morning. 

And coming back after a night out to a fairly sleepy hotel without a ton of fanfare was nice. 

Plus, it was super cheap. The only downside is all the stuff I wanted to do was at the opposite end of the strip, but even the occasional taxi fare didn't make my expenses come close to what they would have been. I even got used to the ball smell. I'd stay here again for a conference, for sure.
Looks like a Hospital, food is about the same. Spent 5 grueling night there, Slots are tighter than a un-know-what. Rooms Sucked BAD. Not worth the money by a LONG SHOT maybe $10 a night?!? Even while playing waitresses come around every hour for drinks. The pool??? OMG The tiles were filthy, no shade, and only on waitress for 200 people. One of the worst hotel experiences ever!!!  Ill pitch in to blow it up! Like the other prehistoric hotels!!! If your wondering why I stayed there is because of a convention or I would have left after the first night!!!!
If I could give this place negative stars I would, There are bad hotels and cheap hotels this was both but i guess you get what you ay for. For one thing this place does not I repeat does not clean your room everyday. I went with some friends for my bacheloette party and we had 4 rooms in differnet floors and towers. None of them were cleaned. We even asked one of the housekeepers who was 3 doors away to make sure to clean our room. We came back a few hours later and our rooms were still not cleaned. Every worker there was unhappy and looked like they were out of it. Service was very slow no matter where you went. And parking sucked . valet gets packed and self parking was full!!

Please avoid this place if you go or at least pick somewhere that is closer to the strip. I wshould have stayed at circus circus or excalibur. I probably would have had a better experience.

oh and i forgot. They charged me a $22 fee if which i left numerous messages and e-mails as to what this charge was for and no one has gotten back to me. So if you do stay, carefully check your bill at check out. They will try and steal every dime from you they can.
First of all let me give you some background. I have been coming to this Hotel "Motel" every few years since the mid 80's. The only reason i ever started coming here is that my uncle used to play in pool tournaments at this "Motel". Back then it was really a matter of the cheapest room rates we could find and the fact that the pool tournament was held in the Riviera convention center. Even back then this place seemed old and out of date. 

In recent years we have stayed at other Hotels at the other end of the strip so i had not seen the Riv in several years. Needless to say NOTHING has changed for the better. 

1) They have moved the front desk area to a different location that i think is 50% the size of the old location. The lines to check in/out are constantly backed up. When we checked in Sat night at 11pm there was still a line of at least 12 people and only 3 employees working. It seemed as though each of them was on their first days work as it took them forever to check people in.

2) Resort Fee: They now charge a "Resort" Fee of $11/day. Our total was $99 for the week. Nowhere in our package deal were we told of this additional fee. So we pay the "Resort" Fee and later ask several different employees where the "Resort" is because from the looks of things this is NOT a "Resort". The employees look at us strange and say Oh! that's for the pool and free wi-fi. OK, there is a pool here but from asking the people who dared enter it, the water was cold. Do they even heat the pool at all? Granted it was 110 this week but straight outta the tap cold water is a bit chilly. Don't forget the pool closes at 8pm.

3) Free Wi-Fi: So supposedly part of your "Resort" Fee is the Free Wi-Fi. Sounds good, right? NOT! The Wi-Fi is terribly slow and looses connection frequently. I noticed this the first night while trying to remote in to my home computer. I called the front desk and asked where the best spot was for the Wi-Fi connection. I expected them to say the lobby or the cafe or something on the main floor but instead the woman told me that "umm well there is no Wi-Fi anywhere but the rooms". She also said sometimes you can get a connection out at the pool. As i am writing this, my brother was typing up a long reply to a Craigslist Ad and he went to send it and the connection was lost and so was the whole long reply he was typing up.

4) Smelly hallways: As we reached our floor, the first night, we exited the elevator and there was a strong smell of Marijuana in the air. We don't smoke it but do know what it smells like. As we traveled down the hallway we saw a police officer and the maids standing in the hallway with a rooms door open. They must have thrown someone out and were cleaning the room at midnight. They were vacuuming at midnight, we could not believe it.

5) Smelly Entrance: Several times we noticed a horrible odor when leaving the lobby doors to go out to the parking structure. It smelled like a grease trap overflow. For those who have never worked in the restaurant business. The grease trap is where all the solids and grease collects after it goes down the drain. There is bacteria that eats this rotting food but when it can't keep up the trap overflows and you get to smell all the rotting food that has been sitting there churning. That is what it smelled like several times as we walked out of the main doors. 

6) No clean sheets: We have been here for almost a week now and the maids have been in 4 times and made the beds but didn't change the sheets. The first couple times i thought they had but then i noticed the same black mark on my white sheets. It was there every day. They would come in and leave new towels and make the beds but not use clean sheets. Honestly i don't care because i would rather maids not come in my room at all while I'm staying somewhere but for some reason our "Do Not Disturb" signs would vanish and we would have "made beds" when we returned. Makes me wonder if it is just the maids themselves taking the signs off to gain access to my room or other peoples rooms. 

7) Food amenities: Years ago when i would come here you could either hit up the food court or the regular restaurant until later in the night. Now both of them seem to close very early. I was told by one employee that the restaurant closes at 7pm. Well that is after telling me 6pm then 6:30pm, he finally settled on 7pm. It's bad when the guy inside the restaurant could not even tell us what time the place closed. So we went to the New Asian restaurant and had 2 entrees and 2 sodas and our total was $40. Now when i say entree i mean rice with a chicken dish and rice with a beef dish. Anywhere else i would pay less that $10 each. The other option was a British type bar that sold a few food items that we thought were overpriced bar food. Oh, wait! They do have a $20+ dollar a plate steak house that we never saw anyone enter. They did have a nice dressed Host and Hostess though. 

Looks like I'm out of characters...
Not bad for the price. Last time I stayed here I got rooms for $49 a night.. and considering that a lot of the people I know are cheap, it worked out perfectly, lol.

The room we were in had a pool view and was nice looking, clean, and quite spacious.  The hotel's pool was nice but not that big and seemed to get a little crowded.

The hotel and casino are real old school... kind of an older crowd... but I did like it. Of course it's just a place to sleep and occasionally gamble or have a drink.. and a starting point for the rest of your night wandering the strip in Vegas ;)
Pros: comfortable bed, affordable price, location, free wi-fi

Cons: smelly room, noise - I had a room with a pool view. Every morning at 9 am I would be awakened to the music that they would start playing outside in the pool area.

Check-in took between 30-40 min. 

Would I stay again? Maybe. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
The Riviera is a decent hotel. We have only stayed in the Monaco tower and will not ever stay at the other tower since we have seen our friends room and how nasty it was compared to ours. The Monaco tower was recently renovated and has a very clean look to it. While, the other towers don't.
Well, Groupon brought me to this place and after checking the place on Yelp I did not expect much first of all but ohhhh my...
Ok, so the room in general is not that bad for the money. You get your standard beds, TV, mini fridge ( no content; no this is not a mini bar) and can't complain. The bath room is plain to say the least but oh well you save money.
BUT, the negatives are plenty. First of all, the check in was ridiculous. There were sixty people ahead of me and the service was very slow. Second, a huge cock roach popped up in the bathroom while I was washing my face and I mean HUGE. 
Third, the casino area is shameful, lol, I give it back, it's hilarious. It's so so bad and only fills up at two a.m. with some rough looking morning to evening drinkers. The bartender was really rude when I showed him my drink coupon. Also, the drinks were horrible.
Now the worst part: the elevator to the parking structure. OMG, I got stuck in it and had to press the emergency button. Never happened to me before. Awkwardly, someone had opened the emergency box door before!!!
Overall, yes this place is ghetto. really. But if you are trying to save money and to spend it on the strip, close your eyes, walk past the hallway and the casino and enjoy a mediocre room and a beautiful Las Vegas.
This place isn't really a good deal.  I found this place off hotel.com and the price seem good.  I booked by calling the hotel by phone. BUT, after showing you their price the hotel also has fees and taxes that add to an extra hundred dollars. $11.00  a night for resort fee.  Really?? 
When we got there, we waited in line for an hour. The line was long and they only had 2 check-in servers. The kiosk was out of order. 
They say it's free valet, but they only tend to people who are checking in day of. So we couldn't use it after our first night, we actually didn't get to use it at all.
Room service came around 8:30-9am everyday. If your still sleeping, they will leave and not comeback to clean unless you ask. 
The pool is small and always packed. 
This place has plenty of rooms which brings in so much costumers.  So everything that the hotel accommodates is just too crowded. (parking, pool, casino, etc...)
We went to a comedy show there, and the comedian was saying she wouldn't be surprised of there was a bulldozer outside waiting to take the hotel down after the show. (True!) Lol!!
Pro: the servers are really nice.  Every time we asked for something they help out.  
It was a bad experience.
I stayed here several nights for a convention.  We got special group rates that I thought were very affordable for Las Vegas.  Yes, The Riviera is a little run down.  Yes, it's 67 years old.  Yes, the hotel has filed for bankruptcy three times in the past 30 years.  But for the fifty bucks a night (seventy on the weekend) I paid, it was great.  My room was clean and comfortable, and comparable to any of the chain motels that charge twice as much.  It had a king bed, a fridge, a clean iron and ironing board, and a nice bathroom.  My room was reasonably well soundproofed, and the individual air conditioning unit drowned out any noise that got through.  The WiFi service was fast and stayed up the whole week.  I slept really well.  On the downside, all the places to eat were on the far side of the resort from my room, the kleenex mysteriously disappeared out of the bathroom on the second day and ever returned, the layout of the resort is just wacky, and the line to check in was always long.  But if I need to visit in this area in the future and got the same group rate, I'd stay here again.
The only reason we stayed here was because it was cheap and my husband had fond memories of when DefCon was held here. However. They failed miserably with everything. There was no shampoo/body was or whatever small bath bottles they leave you when we first checked in. Front desk never answered a single call (we had to walk to the lobby). And, although not really related, all their restaurants were low quality for the price. Won't be staying here again.
Stayed in here for 3Days Electric Daisy Carnival.

I would say it's best bang for the buck for that time, since other hotels either charged a fortune or fully booked.

Would I stay again in this hotel? Probably not, I rather try something new.
Was challenged to post an accurate review here.  It would be easy to slam the Riviera. Opted to average it out to 3 stars.  Check out the summary...

Overall:
Pros - Much nicer than I expected from all the grim reviews.
Cons - But, it's still an antiquated down-market hotel that needs help, but not as bad a Circus Circus, which smells really bad.

Room:
Pros - New room that was well-appointed with no smells.
Cons - Lousy TV channel selection, especially no Food Network or Travel Channel.  And, it was pretty noisy at night either listening to the screaming AC unit or loud music.  Plan on using earplugs.

WiFi:
Pros - free!
Cons - spotty connectivity

Parking:
Pros - free
Cons - hard to find any open slots after 10pm  ;-(

Service:
Pros - Helpful and pleasant staff
Cons - Poor follow-up, especially with housekeeping service 

Food:
Pros - large portions
Cons - restaurants in hotel were not so great.  In the Food Court, La Salsa and Indian Masala were pretty good.  But, it's pretty cheesy 80's mall-like ambiance.

Pub:
Pros - nice setting and respectable English beers
Cons - bartenders were totally disorganized and it took a long time to get a drink and/or bill (we visited 4x on this trip and kept hoping they'd get it together... nope!)

Value:
We stayed here because our conference was booked here.  For the $55 group rate /night  it was OK.  But, after a couple of days, we longed to get out and visit other hotels.   (FYI - the Encore is only a 10 minute walk away!)

Probably would not stay here again.
My girlfriend and I had a great time there. This place is really old school but I like that old school look.  

We enjoyed our time in the pool and had the pleasure to have meet a grandfather who was taking care of his triplets, while the wife and daughter were gambling.

The only thing we did not like was the fact that the refrigerator was not working and the elevator seem that it was going to break down.

The people that work there in all departments were very friendy  

We will come back again!
I was pretty unhappy with this place. I had reservations for nearly 8 months for a convention I attended. About 2 weeks before the conference, I called to confirm my reservation. The person I spoke to said that my "luxury room" would be in the newly remodeled wing of the hotel (The Monaco Tower). When I checked in, the room was NOT in that wing and smelled like cigarette smoke. I asked for another room, which, after I bought groceries for my 5 day stay, did not have a refrigerator, as described in my written confirmation. After this ridiculousness and after speaking to a manager AND another staff member, a day later, I finally had a refrigerator. -Customer service is not the forte' here. The rooms are shabby, dusty, and run-down if you are not in the Monaco Tower. Find elsewhere to take your business. -Note, most of the photos here are the nice rooms in the Monaco tower...all the photos with mold, stains, etcetera, are the rest of the hotel.
My company unfortunately booked us rooms here earlier this year since it's close to the convention center and ultra cheap (our rooms were 20 bucks a night plus the $11/day "resort fee", though this is no resort)

The Riv is one of the oldest surviving casinos in Vegas, built in the 50's, and it shows. It's dirty, dingy, dark, and depressing. One of my co-workers was lucky enough to be upgraded to one of the "new" rooms after he complained about the bellman leaving his luggage in their "holding area", an oil-covered parking space in the deck. The newer renovated rooms are decent but they don't make up for the rest of the place. 

My room was one of the old style, with a really tiny bathroom (more like a closet), worn out carpet, ancient furniture, pathetically thin threadbare sheets, and filthy curtains with holes in them. 

Those damn curtains didn't block out any of the bright lights flooding in from Circus Circus at night, so I ended up using all the pillows, the chair, the table, and anything I could get my hands on to squash them as tightly together as possible to even be able to sleep. I'm sure housekeeping thought I was crazy, but at least they left it alone for the duration of my stay. 

Wifi is included in the resort fee, but is spotty and slow at best. And why is the safe under the nightstand, where you have to get down on the dirty carpet to use it?? At least the bed was semi-comfortable

Unless you're forced to stay here, spend the extra few dollars to go somewhere else... this place is overdue for the wrecking ball
The Riviera is homage to a bygone era, an era of low ceilings, gruff men running from the law, and cigarette smoke. The tables have the best odds and some of the lowest limits on the strip, which makes it the ideal place for a gambling fool such as myself.

Since people seem to hate the Riviera, it is no sweat for me to play head-to-head blackjack with the dealer on a 3:2 single deck table. This is awesome.

Don't let the lack of glam and the sharps disposal container in the bathroom scare you. This is the place to throw your money down on a table if you want some tiny hope of actually winning it back.
I stayed here with a few friends in the summer of 2010. Their power went out for hours on end and we weren't compensated in any way. Shit, an apology of some sort would have sufficed... Once it came back on, I tried taking a shower. The drain was clogged so I had to wade through my own chum. My friend later found the culprit... a condom was stuck in the drain. Tight. They still got those bronze statues of butts out front. Some more polished than others from people feeling up on them.
This place lacks modern amenities most take for granted. That said, it is still a part of the old las Vegas that is near extinction. One can easily bypass the ridiculous check in line with the express machine if you use a credit card. This "resort" is also featured in many movies including casino,21
My husband and I usually go to Vegas during our birthdays in early August so I was happy to get a free room offer from the Riviera after joining their players club. I was mindful that Riviera wouldn't be particulary nice, but hey, free is free.

 The room iteself is ok. It's a decent size, and the furniture, though out of date, isn't any worse than the one at the old tower at Caesar's. I liked the bed, but I missed having a nice, snuggly comforter. Bath tolietries were better than expected. We were right next to the pool, and it's a good thing we didn't plan on sleeping in because the shitty pop music starts blasting in around 8am.

It was easy to get around the hotel and casino area. Gambling here was fine, but we seemed to have better luck across the street at Circus Circus. There was a cool gambling promo advertised in the room (1st $1000 on us!), but it had since expired. I was disappointed that the bingo room closed as well.

The two big negatives was the buffett and parking. Both were sketchy as hell. I had oatmeal so bad that Oliver Twist would have turned his nose up at it. I think they used triple the amount of water that they were supposed to, and the water was obtained from a mop bucket. Parking was very inconvient and poorly marked. 

I'm hesitant to stay here again even if the room is comped.
There was a heavy down poor yesterday, It started to leak all over the convention floor,  Many matches at the APA had to be refunded.
I get it that a lot of tourists probably see that this is "on the strip" on Expedia and think that they're going to be able to watch the Bellagio fountains from their room.  The Riviera may be on Las Vegas Blvd., but it certainly doesn't feel like the Strip--and that's what I like about it.  That, and a few other things:

- $1 Miller High Lifes, $2 Heinekens, $2 Bud Lights at all casino bars.  
- Great free lounge acts in the main bar--Metal Elvis is worth a special trip.  
- Quick-service Indian place in the food court
- The Pinball Hall of Fame has loaned a few machines out to the Riv, which can be played on your way to aforementioned Indian food

They've also hooked me up with locals free slot play, free buffet, free comedy show tickets, etc., just for signing up for their player's card and playing my measly $10-20 bucks on video poker (I usually win there, too).

We've grabbed a room there a couple of times, too, after getting too drunk to drive home.  Maybe it's because we're local, or maybe it's because we ask nicely, but each time, we've been upgraded to a remodeled room in the tower by the pool.

There was an article in the Review-Journal that said that the new owners of The Riviera are taking queues from the Plaza downtown in its comeback, and that's a very, very good thing.
Worst hotel experience ever! Just got back from 8 days at the Riviera and it was horrible. Went to Vegas for the APA tournament which was held in their convention hall. 7 of us checked into 2 seperate rooms to be told they only had single king bed rooms. They would be bringing us a rollaway. Waited hours for this and asked multiple times to finally be told at 12am that they were out and they would bring us blankets to sleep on the floor. They promised the next day we would be moved to the 2 queen rooms. Next day told again no rooms available, no rollaway, sleep on the floor. Third night finally moved, crawl into bed after a long day and a bloody tissue falls out. Spots of blood on my sheets and blanket. Call the front desk with no answer, but when i get dressed and go downstairs she is standing there do king nothing. Insist on having bed changed after her saying no one is available. Next morning after talking to manager on 3 rd occasion we are comped 1 night. I hope the Apa organization realizes that this is not the right place for their Nationals.
This show is all kinds of awesome. I was watching Jasmine Trias videos on Youtube, and I thought, "Ok, this is going to be a boring show."  Boy was I wrong! Sure, former American Idols star Jasmine Trias is featured in this show, but the Society of Seven's  Hawaii based group puts on a fantastic show! This show just opened a few weeks ago, and I'm  honestly quite surprised that the Riviera would step up their game and present a show of this caliber. The venue is actually quite nice because it's a rather intimate venue with plenty of great seats. 

Each of the performers is genuinely talented in their own right. Jasmine was quite distracting with her excessive hand movements (her voice is so pure, she really didn't need to do all of the gesturing), but I suppose it's from her background in hula dancing. The newest member's voice is strikingly similar to Josh Grobin. His voice is technically spot on, and he's obviously an accomplished vocalist. 


Surprisingly funny, entertaining, and moving, I would recommend this show to adults and children alike.
My family & I stayed at this hotel for Super Bowl weekend. We wouldn't normally have stayed at this hotel since its rather old & at the sketchy end of the strip but seeing as it was super bowl weekend it was the only reasonably priced hotel. However, after staying there we actually came to find its not that bad. The casino is big with a good variety of machines/tables. The rooms are clean and the beds were comfy. Plus the people working there are extremely nice, accommodating and helpful. Maybe it's because they need the business but they were still nice. The only things I didnt like were it's location on the strip & the parking structure. The parking is on the other side of the entrance so you have to walk ALLLL the way around.
After doing my research I found that this hotel only had 2 1/2 stars. That was a red flag for me but since my family had already booked a room I wanted to be with them.
So, I took a chance and booked mine through the Rivieras web site. Come out to be right around 400.00 for 4 nights ( 2 of which were weekdays).
I can tell you this place was a seedy, ghetto, trashy, dirty, smelly, place. The staff was very rude and unfriendly. When we tried to call the front desk, they would not answer which really put us in a predicament.  The front desk was at least 1/4 mile from the room and the car was twice as far (no kidding!) The walls are paper thin, the carpet is absolutely gross. Water stains and others on walls and ceilings, the beds were (2) doubles which is not much bigger than a single, they were so uncomfortable I felt like I was sleeping at a lumpy angle, my head tilted down towards the head board. I woke up several times to a neck and back ache, the noise, the bright lights from the outside felt like the sun was always out. The casino was just as raunchy. My sister bought a draft beer which cost $7.75.
The bathrooms had no vent at all, it was nasty as everything else. We were too far for the free wi fi it never worked the entire time. I can not think of one positive thing to say about this place.  The tv partially worked but not great.
No freebies, no continental breakfast, the coffee was 2.80 per small cup. etc, etc.
I have never stayed in a place where I felt so insecure about my property and safety.
I will not go into the noisy neighbors that threatened me at 4 am when I asked them to keep it down.
It is inexpensive, and is an average hotel casino.  It is located mid strip. Rooms are average, but there are some really nice rooms down in a speacial area where there are like two floors. It has some multi room suites with hot tubs...it is ok....cannot complain it is cheap and fun!
Refused to honor my groupon even though i had already booked online!! Dont go here.They are unhonest people.The Person on phone laura didnt even try to help me!
Me and my friend stayed her for NYE 2010...let's just say I checked my self for mysterious bites as I returned home. There was nothing special about the room. The interior of hotel, hallways, casinos, and room felt old. The only thing they had improved, in my opinion, was a coat of paint. Which was applied over 35 year old paint.

I would never stay here again and it closely compared to my stay at the Travel Lodge, which was expected because it was a Travel Lodge and I paid for that level of comfort, or lack there of.
Ah where to begin? Well first off they said they remolded their rooms and this was a flat out lie. We had to switch rooms two different times! The first room that was so called remolded had a hole in the wall in the bathroom and broken furniture in the bathroom. Also, the room was really cramped and small. So we asked for another room and decided to go with the rooms that were not remolded since they were bigger.  

We get to our new room and as soon as we step in it smells like cat piss! We switch rooms again. This new room had a horrible air conditioner, there was trash left all over the room and it just looked dirty.  The elevators scared me because they wouldn't work right and we got stuck a few times.  Also, some of the cleaning staff were very rude and just looked miserable.

Another downside to this hotel is, it is not close to the strip and is a really far walk. The neighborhood around the hotel does not seem the greatest and the layout is just plain stupid. Do not stay here! It is not worth the money, even if it is cheaper than some of the other hotels!
ooooooooooooooooo what a dump :) but when you are going to watch Xtreme Midget Wrestling what else was I expecting.
Riviera is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in my life. I've traveled around US and Europe and stayed at hotels of different range, but this one stands out the most, sadly for it, in a bad way. 

I got a deal on Groupon, and we paid $54 per studio room/day which wasn't a quite usual studio. It was just a room with an empty fridge, non functional TV and toilet, bed bugs, loud conditioner, dirty linens, the most horrible service and most importantly ROBBERY. And i was charged $34 upon my check out (taxes+resort fee per 2 days).

So we checked in at 5 pm and went down to the strip by Monorail, which was quite expensive and within 15 min walk from the hotel.

We got back to the hotel around midnight and found my husband's backpack and my purse stolen from the room. First I couldn't believe it, the reality was too hard to believe. Besides my husband's birthday just started minutes ago after we found his stuff stolen along with his passport. We called the security right away. It took them a while before they finally came to the room and gave us the report sheets. They seemed pretty helpful although they said they are just the third party and hotel risk management will contact us in 5-7 business days from the day of our report. It's been over a month and no one has contacted us, so I decided to do it myself. The risk management "doesn't discuss camera information" and all they said no one has entered our room, according to entry key system. I've got no words to express my disappointment.
Do yourself a huge favor and NEVER EVER STAY at this hotel !!!
This is fun casino; its kind of old and run down a little but they have a lot of fun events here and it always draws a crowd. 

The Roller Derby Events are here; Andrew Dice Clay is here as well as their comedy club (I've been to it a half dozen times or so and have seen some good acts at the club) I can't speak to the rooms but the staff I've encountered are always very accommodating; their Valet service is convenient and very fast.  

Their food court deserves a solid B rating the food selection is top notch (but could be cleaner as many people trash their tables and walk away) I've eaten at three of the different stores here and was pleased with the quality and price. 

They have a mini Pinball exhibit on loan from the Pinball Hall of Fame that is good for kids and fun for the adults who are tired of playing the slots. My High scores stay on the machines and that makes me very happy. 

Looking forward to my next trip here as we always have a blast!
If I could give it a zero, I would. The service was horrible. Upon check in I asked about the upgrade I put in for on the website. I was told by the clerk "That's between you and the website" (It was the hotel's website! I asked to talk to a manager and she said we can choose to honor or not to honor and we choose not to honor the price. They proceeded to tell me it would cost triple per night to upgrade. 1)The clerk didn't even know the hotel's offerings and policies and 2)the staff just had this sour puss face and attitude. 

Room-better than a motel six but not much more. Some mold and dust. 

I will never stay here again.
We stayed here last summer after booking through Hotwire for $30 a night. At that price we were happy with whatever we got considering it was a weekend trip. The Riviera is definitely a no-frills casino hotel. The rooms were meh- dated and dark but I did like the big silly golden bathtub. The area around it is REALLY sketchy and I got like eye-raped by bums every time I walked out of the casino alone. The food at all the restaurants is bad and walking around that part of the strip at night is so scary that you need to make sure you keep snacks in your room or that you get full elsewhere before you turn in for the night- no waking up for mid-night or 4am snacks!

It's a 'meh' kinda place all the way around but if you can get a room as cheap as we did you should definitely go for it.
I've stayed here twice.  I got great deals both times.  Once was for a convention held here, which is why I picked it (along with the price). The other was for a ski trip.  (yes Vegas has small ski resorts 1to2 hours away.). The casino itself sucks and is small.  The only good place to eat is at Queen Victoria Pub.  The other places are bad.  It Is 3to5 minute walk to the Encore / Wynn which is where I ate and hung out at night when I stayed here. Don't take your wife or girlfriend here, but not a bad place to stay if you are on a budget.
This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. 

I bought a Groupon for $78 and thought I was getting a fabulous deal! The photo looked like maybe they cleaned the place up a bit and the extras were cool ($20 slot play, 2 free welcome drinks, 2 tickets to the comedy show) so I bought it. 

I got into town on Sunday at 4pm and was originally given a room at the North Tower. Ummm...Wet spot on the carpet (I didn't know if it was a blood stain, piss or just a spill or maybe a pitcher of beer), pubic hair plastered on the back of the bathroom door and the stench. WOW! For it not being a non-smokers room, it sure the hell smelled like a dingy old bar!! When I attempted to take a shower, the shower water didn't go down. Basically I was up to my ankles in Vegas sweat and the black sediment starting coming up from the drain. 

I complained and was told that they would give me a new room. Downstairs I go at 1am to collect a new key. I was then told I would be staying in a totally different tower. OK - Here I go....

15-minutes into my stay in my 2nd room I spot something crawling up the wall. Ummm...yeah, a baby cockroach. I killed it and called the front desk. After a 7-minute hold time I decided to walk myself, my daughter and the dead bug down to speak with management one-on-one. I showed the kid behind the counter my findings and I said "If there's one, there's more". His response "not necessarily". WHAT? Are you kidding me?! I was then directed to the manager where I told her the problem and she gave me a different room. No apology, no comped drink (s), no breakfast...Nothing. Come on now, at least an apology!! So we were given another room where we slept uneasy. I checked out as early as I could the next day. I couldn't wait to get the hell out of there. 

I will never go back to that dump again. I'd rather sleep in my car.
I stayed here during my visit in Dec. 2011 and let's just say it wasn't what I expected. I didn't plan this trip. I was pretty much a fill in at the last minute. I didn't know what I was getting myself into.

The hotel itself is old and it smells weird in the lobby. They had entertainment and restaurants but we weren't interested in neither. I did however eat at a Mexican restaurant at the food court. The gentlemen who worked there were very nice and the food was pretty good. 

There was an indoor pool but it was only for senior citizens...really people?

The beds were very comfy and  and the linens were clean. We had a fabulous view of what looked like a vacant outdoor pool area and the tacky looking Circus Circus hotel across the street.

It's a decent hotel if you're on a budget and want to experience the old Vegas feel. However it's located on the old strip so you'll have to walk or drive to the excitement.

I was there almost a year ago so I don't know what it's like now.
We stayed in the new remodeled Moraco tower.  It was ok, nothing special to write home about. When I booked the room, it was a special through casa Blanca express and it was a promotion to advertise their new remodeled hotel. I went in with high expectations, and was disappointed.  The outside of the hotel is run down its at the end of the strip away from the. Other new fancy hotel/casinos, which was fine for me, you can always catch a cab, bus, or drive down, you can walk if you are very adventurous but it is a long walk you know how those las Vegas blocks are and the heat.  We had a good time at the Riviera it was relaxing, only one night our neighbors were out of control but it's Vegas that is expected. We loss in the casino, but made up for it down the strip in the other casinos, we enjoyed the comedy show there at the Riviera, and the Illusions show. The staff at the Riviera made up for run down feeling there they were all very nice and accommodating  I would stay again if I need a break away from all the hussle of Vegas. But only in the new Moraco rooms because I would be afraid to even see what the other rooms look like if this was the new remodeled deluxe rooms.  The price is a little high considering the location and not much going on at this end of the strip
This place has seen better days.....20+ yrs ago.  It's a really tired casino.  They really need to put some serious money into it, or implode it and start over.  It's too bad because I had some great times in here back in the early 90's.  Now, I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay here.

Was here recently for a pool tournament.  The major pool leagues have their finals here every year.  It works great for the pool tournaments, but for the tourist/visitor, it's not a good property.  Stay somewhere else and play pool here during those events.

Return Factor - 0%
Rodger from the Riviera was amazing!! He was there when my sister and brother in law got screwed over by the wedding planner christine from Alexis Parks and Suites! They were married with a 70 friends and family from out of town, and were told 6 hours prior to being married the plans were changed bc Alexis Park and Suites over booked their reception. Now everyone would be getting bused to the Riviera for the reception. When going to see the place we were all taken back when you think your reception will be on a roof top, going into a conference room is a little heart breaking...however by the time of the reception the place looked amazing. Everyone had a smile on their face and no one thought twice on how the ALEXIS PARKS AND SUITES SCREWED THE BRIDE AND GROOM OVER. anyways this place was a pleasant surprise and I would like to thank Rodger.
Back once again from The Riv. One of my major gripes about this place was the check-in. It has really improved. I maybe waited 5 minutes to check-in this time. They have moved the check-in desk to the back of the building and it looks A LOT better. They have also moved the cab station and valet to that area as well. The room was ok. The ceiling had a small patch of plaster flaking off and the tub could have been a little cleaner. As usual all of the staff I encountered were great. Always willing to help. Got a great deal on my room. I still suggest getting a players card,at any casino, because that does help with the cost. Although a older casino and semi isolated because of lack of building in that area still a place that is worth it.
this was my first and last time staying here. When i booked my room it was suppose to be for an smoking room but when we got there it was non smoking, but the room was pretty nice. i mean everything in there look fairly new, so when i called the front desk to see if i could switch i was told that i had to downgrade to an smoking room. I said OK, assuming the room would look semi-new like the previous one but i was wrong. We ended up staying in the older version of the hotel and the rooms were bad. The bathroom was horrible, the rim around the shower was half way off. Not to mention the ice machine was on the other floor. And the only difference between rooms was that the nonsmoking had an fridge and the other didn't. The buffet was pretty good, but the casino didn't seem like they were fun i.e. it wasn't even busy. The hotel is ok, however its too far away from the strip for me. Wouldn't recommend it.
WORST HOTEL EVER.

If I could, I would give it infinitely negative stars!! First off, I waited in line for over 2.5 hours to REGISTER for a room ONLY to be told that I have been relocated "around the corner". They wouldn't pay for a cab ride and that resulted in us having to walk to the place. Okay, we got relocated to the Mariott SuiteHill Inn's which was SUPER nice but that is besides the point.

The point is is that I wasted a WHOLE night in vegas just because I had to wait to register for a hotel room. SO DUMB. 

If I could, I would give this place infinitely negative stars. This place has forever earned a place in my mind as the worst hotel in the world AND I will pass this on to all my friends.

Disgusting.
I know that this hotel is so old and really worn down. The staff is almost unseen as it seems that they really only have people at the front desk. I needed a deal as I took my self and the hubby as well as my parents so I went out on a limb and bought the deal. Not my favorite but really not the worst. If you aren't spending a lot of time in the room just for sleeping and shower well I would say not bad. As for bed bugs which I have seen some folks write about we checked and found nothing. Rooms egh BUT the steakhouse was GREAT! We went into the bar for dinner and to watch the World Series. The food, service, atmosphere were excellent! Patty was our lady and she was wonderful! The price was reasonable. Also the comedy show was a blast! The comedians were fun and witty not trashy and vulgar! Overall not bad!
They would not honor the same rate for multiple rooms.  We booked 7 rooms, 3 of them were at a lower price, by $ 20/night for the same quality room... and they would not adjust the others.

The place is kinda creepy.  I was nearly run over by an elderly woman with a cart, staggering thru the lobby at breakneck pace... literally.

The parking lot and lobby are incredibly inconvenient to get to - you have to drive all the way around the building, past rude security who demand to see your confirmation, even if you don't have a hard copy and only have it via email.

And I couldn't figure out what the hell the $ 15/day Resort Fee actually gets you, other than a horrifying paranoia of bed bugs.
Wow, kinda surprised to see so many unhappy folks at the Riv.  We usually stay here when we stay on the strip (we "every other" with downtown)   Since we are out and about most of the time, all we care about is a shower and a comfortable bed.  Done.  The casino is fine; in fact, I do pretty good there.  After we've been all over the place, we mosey back to the Riv and unwind at the bar with some video poker.  Same in the morning - start the day with an hour or so at the bar and get your wits together and then take off.  We got an ad in the mail last month and booked it - 3 nights free, $20 in slot play and 2 tickets to comedy club.  Since my brother-in-law and his wife wanted to go, they called and got the same deal as us, all they did was ask.  Rooms are hit or miss, sometimes we get a great room and sometimes we get a meh room.  Who cares?  View? Who cares?  I didn't come to Vegas to sit in my hotel room.  Yes, they are old as dirt, but it's kind of cool to be walking the same halls as Las Vegas legends...  I'd rather save money on the room and use it for a great dinner.  This time we're going to Gordon Ramsay's.
I have experienced better but not hardly the worse and def much better than Circus hands down. I had to basically live at this hotel for a month while working in Vegas. The major downside to me was you have to do a lot of wrangling for a decent room and the mail system although the least expensive of the Strip hotels I must it bugs me that hotels on the strip charge you to get you mail if its bigger than an envelope-No cool but they have get good shows from time to time.
I go to Vegas a few times a year, I have never stayed at the Riviera hotel and casino until last night. The hotel itself is pretty run down, the carpets in the rooms, the bathrooms seem old and outdated. They were not dirty, just old and worn out! The back of the remote was missing which was a bit frustrating because I didn't want to loose the batteries out of it. 
The room was clean and the beds were comfortable.  The staff was super helpful and extremely friendly. They didn't only allow us to check in an hour early, they also upgraded our room without me asking for it. With the rooms being as run down as they were in the upgrade I can't imagine what it would have looked like if I would have gotten the original room I booked!
This hotel is an absolute dump,  we got scammed off of Priceline my wife was looking for a 3+ star hotel doing "name your own price."  Last time we did this we ended up at Treasure Island on a weekend night for $60 out the door.  She was up to $75 when it booked us for this 1-star turd.   We had stayed the previous night at a station casino (Aliunte) and that was a modest 2-3 star place.  When we entered the old run down parking garage of the Riviera I knew we were doomed.   

We checked in and no one around us was speaking english, this is when I knew we were in for it.  The lobby was dirty and old.  I understand this hotel is a "Vegas Classic" but they could at least update the carpets and paint every 20-30 years just so it doesn't feel as dirty.   

We tried to call Priceline to cancel or at least change the hotel, they were willing but the Riviera refused to cancel our reservation on Priceline's end.  We were stuck and after taxes and fees it was just short of $100 for the night.  What made me even more furious was after getting to our room I started checking on rates and the average online booking was modestly $30-40 on average per night...  

The room was old, smelly, and noisy as all hell.  You could hear cell phones ringing in the rooms around you, TV's blaring, people taking a wiz repeatedly all through the night.  The bed was as hard as a rock.  Between the bed and the noise I got about 15 minutes of sleep total the entire night.

So I felt like I should gamble ONLY because I wanted some of my damn room money back.  HUGE mistake.  The slots were tighter then Zeus's butthole.  I put nearly $200 into a vast array of machines and never even went into the "black"  I was so disappointed in this place I will forever forsake it and warn all my friends and family to STAY the hell AWAY from the Riviera.  From the overpriced ($20) brunch buffet to the dirty rooms and dirty casino this hotel is only for those who just didn't know any better.  Avoid this disaster at all costs I implore you!

----- Quick Update -----

Got home from our trip and found the Riviera Hotel had charged us $130 as well as the priceline prepaid reservation.  I called the hotel and they say they don't have a record of the transaction but they do see they billed us a "resort fee" of $15.  At check in we were never told of any additional fees associated with the room.  We did a "name your own price" on priceline.  She told me that every guest no matter how they book is charged a "resort fee."  The woman was extremely rude even though I was not, even post - Riviera the treatment and experience is awful.   Now I'm working with the bank to cancel the $130 charge and with priceline to find out who should be paying this so called "resort fee."   I've been at many a` Motel 6's that were more of a "Resort" then the Riviera.  The pool wasn't even open when we were there.
Not the NICEST on the strip, but hopefully not the worst, wait not the worst. It was decent, we paid less than $50 a night including resort fee for a Sunday/Monday stay in the Monaco tower. Will stay again IF needed. The water pressure was great, the carpet was clean, or looked clean. The room came with a mini fridge, which was VERY CONVENIENT. The hotel is located towards the end of the strip, walkable to Paradise Road. We ate at the Riviera Buffet for breakfast on Tuesday morning, after checking out, it was nice. Not pricey and worth it.
I came here for thanksgiving week/ weekend.  It was a good deal. 3 days 2 nights for $40.  I wasn't expecting 4 star for that price and this hotel.  I really don't know what the $15  "resort fee" is for because 1 the pool was closed and 2 this is not a resort.  The room I stayed in was actually better then i expected.  It was "upgraded". I highly DO NOT recommend going to the food court at all. Stay away... eat Mc donalds around the corner. That place is disgusting and grimey looking. 
Overall for the price can't complain too much. It seemed clean, except for the funky smell when you walk in to the registration area. I can't say I would ever stay here again though.
What has happened to The Riv?! This place has gone downhill and it makes me sad! 

We decided to look for something to eat in the food court. It was not the shortest walk from the parking garage to the food court area. If you are walking in from the street (las vegas blvd) then there are doors right on the sidewalk to enter which puts you right into the food court.

This place was filthy. It looks like a yard sale walking through the casino. Suddenly you see a row of pinball machines, then you see a Coinstar machine among various other odd things. It is like they just randomly cluster things around the place.

I had to stop into the bathroom and the toilet area was actually OK but the sinks are another story. There was paper thrown about, and drink cups everywhere.

When I saw the food court I was excited to see the options. I do know it is a food court and wasn't expecting anything spectacularly amazing, just something that tasted yummy! We noticed a Cheese steak place,  Mediterranean, , Subway, Etc. I had been wanting for sometime to try "Angelina's Pizza" and was delighted to see they had what they called a "Angelina's Pizza Express". The cashier was very friendly.  They sell pizza by the slice which sits under a heat lamp until ordered. I recommend buying a whole pie if there is more then one of you since leftover pizza rocks. 
We decided on a large pepperoni. It was 18 inches and cost $29.58 for the pizza and 2 fountain drinks. We waited in the food court seating area until the pizza was done baking. The tables and floor were filthy. The cashier brought us our pizza and again was very friendly. The pizza was pure grease. There was barely any sauce on it. I thought it was a waste of money personally.  

With other options on the strip the Riv is going to have to step up its game!
Now I'll admit it.  I'm one of those fools that finds no redeaming value to Las Vegas.  Well, except you can now get really good food.  And there is the occasional show that will rock you.  Oh and maybe people watching which is like an Olympic sport in Las Vegas.  Hmmm, maybe there is something to say for it after all.

But then I offer you the Riviera...  My encounter started with reservations.  I'll call my rep "Ellen" (this is a fictitious name and should not be confused with a person real or imagined).  Ellen was closer.  Why yes sir, you can have adjoining rooms for your party.  Sir, we have a lovely pool - it is very large.  Rooms have all of the latest amenities - comfortable beds etc.  Got to hand it to Ellen.  Got my money and she was 0 for 3.  After strike 3, the pool is closed for the season, I thought choice words with the management would be in order.  I'm sorry sir she's not available.  Later ... I'm sure she'll return in a bit.  I'm now thinking Ellen and the manager are one and the same person. 

If you want to experience a real-life Griswold family vacation I highly recommend the Riviera.
The Riviera gets a bad wrap for being at the edge of the strip, but my husband and I had a great time for our one-night stay in Vegas. First, we booked a suite in the Monaco Room and it was HUGE. We had our own bar and two couches.

The casino is not as fancy as the other casinos, but it was very large. The Asian restaurant was pretty good too. We had our own car so we could get to other parts of Las Vegas by driving around and then parking using our free valet deal.

Ideally this is a good place if you are a U.S. resident with their own transportation and a group of friends who have come to Las Vegas for a cheap night with a lot of space. The room is very ideal to parties. 

If you are into the glitz and glamour of the other casinos and you don't have a car, it is best to stay at another hotel. If you do have your own transportation, this is definitely a hotel you should strongly consider.
The staff are rude, slow, and don't seem interested in doing their job.  When we stayed here, we checked into our room and found a partially eaten birthday cake and empty beer bottles in the room, the beds weren't made, and there were used q-tips on the floor.  We had to call multiple times to get a maid in to clean, and it took probably six or seven hours for them to actually come down it.  On top of that, their parking is terrible, the building is outdated, and it's overpriced.  No thanks.
There were so many problems with our stay.  I do not wish to spend an undue amount of time discussing it, so here's some bullet points.  
- The staff were universally unfriendly and unhelpful, causing serious complications in our time and energy.
- Our room was not cleaned in the 48 hours we stayed there.
- We were given the incorrect room (two twin beds instead of a king bed). 
- We could hear a loud buzzing all night from inadequately shielded electronics outside our room.
- The floor in our room was bowed so that the two twin beds sloped inwards, meaning that when we were laying down, whoever was towards the more-center of the bed would risk rolling off the bed if not careful.  

When we arrived, we had twenty minutes to make it to our show (Cirque Du Soliel - Mystique), which we already had tickets for.  It was either make it or loose the $200 spent on tickets.  I arrived with my ID and reservation number ready, but instead of being given our room keys, we were almost denied stay, even though I had made the reservation over three months prior, because the hotel had already redeemed the groupon we'd used.  As they'd already redeemed it, I couldn't find the groupon number for them when they demanded I give it to them again when we were checking in!  A manager had to be called to finally clear up the situation with the extremely rude and unhelpful woman at check-in, and the manager finally gave us our room keys; we made it to the show only because a taxi-cab driver was willing to speed to get us there on time!

It was told to the staff that we were visiting for our honeymoon.  OUR HONEYMOON, celebrating our recent marriage.  That guests would visit a place to celebrate such an important point in their lives should be a point of pride.  Instead, we were treated as vagabonds.  

We received the room through a groupon, but I will be contacting groupon to request a refund and report the truly terrible experience we had here.  

We will not be returning to the Riviera.
Nice enough hotel, great prices, free hotel pricing. Right across from Circus Circus, but a little ways away from the strip.
This review is strictly for the services of Starlight Theatre staff. We went to the Riviera Hotel to watch the Illusions by Jan Rouven. We get there and find out that the seats in the back were horrible! You could not see the stage AT ALL! We noticed that a lot of tables had reserved signs written on them in the front in the VIP area, although no one was sitting there. Suddenly, we notice lots of people moving from the back rows to the front and figure out that they were "helping" the staff and getting the seats they wanted in the front. I would like to request the Hotel to fix the seating in the back area so that people with young children can enjoy the shows they have paid for and not have to bribe some employees in order to get what they expected to start with. Also, they should consider better staff management and pay their staff more so they do not have to use such cheap tricks.
Bang for buck, you can't beat it. Not too far off the strip.
Really rude staff/security, bad customer service, outdated, dead, and overall a dump. I won't ever visit this casino again.
I visited several times but did not stay in a room. This review is more about the casino floor ambiance and the tertiary entertainment functions.

The Riviera gets 4 stars for its friendly blackjack dealers, drink specials, and the epic pinball machine museum in the west lobby! The place seemed kind of empty after New Years, but smelled really classy somehow. No stink of despair and cigar here! Plus the dealers knew how to deal with aggressive gamblers who try to hassle and crowd gambling newbies like myself while I'm trying to make a bet.

Their comedy show was a great way to spend an evening and the fact that our waitress was kind enough to let us know that a pitcher of beer cost the same as 2 single glass beers put me over the top. I could not tip her fast enough.

Plus, sexy brass ass lady statues await the looky-loos as a risque photo op right in front of the Riv!
The last time I stayed here was last year. The rooms weren't so bad, I find it to be rather small. But you get what you paid for and my family wanted to stay in a more simple room. 

However, the arcade is pretty small. It's just a couple of pinball machines and it made the arcade "room" look really cheap. The place can look pretty cluttered since it looked like they were trying to use up every single space available but limited room to walk around. 

The hallways to the rooms were narrow and low. The hallways can trigger a sense of claustrophobia within you and the ceilings are very low, which is a disaster for tall people. The ceilings were about 7 inches above me and it made me feel like the ceiling was going to lower down on me. 

The ice machines are NOT every floor. It may not sound like a big deal, but it can be a hassle to go up or down to the nearest floor to get ice and then go back. There are PLENTY of options to stay on the strip. Don't go for this place.
4 stars for the pool.  I have been at this hotel 3 times, and stayed here twice.  Last time the pool was open (summer).  For an old hotel, the pool area is great.  I always visit the pool at any hotel I go to.  I haven't seen it crowded any time I've been here.  The water was clear, and it's the only deep pool I've seen in vegas.  It looks like a lap pool.
the hotel room was fine, clean, quite,  low cost,  lock your door from the inside, they book another couple in my same room !!! but I would let them in! Front desk call me ask me who I was!!!! so I ask her who she was, when she said she was calling from the  front desk,  I said I don't think so and I told her I was also at the front desk!  So she said she would call hotel security, Security came knocked on my door asking me who I was!  I said who are you?  should me ID, he said open the door, I said nope! should me ID,  he said open the door, I said nope! show me ID, he said should me your ID, I said check at the front desk!  he said he has a walky Talky  I said I have one too! he said open the door, this is hotel Security, I said I also had a walky talky and I was hotel security !  after about 15 minutes he was gone. I told the general manager so he gave me 2 free tickets to the buffet, yuck buffet was the worst I every had, I could not eat that junk food!      room is nice, lock the door, dont talk to anyone in Vegas! to many crazy people!
You know... i really wanted to rate this a 4.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.. BUT.. their cocktail service is HORRIBLE!!! We must have played for over an hour before we were even offered a drink, and another half hour to get the drink.  This is probably the 4th time in a year - bad service as far as that goes.  Otherwise, it's a cool place for an older casion/hotel.
Seriously this place is pretty pathetic, they need to sell the land to someone so they can blow it up and rebuild something awesome on the strip! This place was dirty! Seriously this place lacked basic cleaning in the hotel rooms the bathroom was looked like someone attempted to wipe down some of the things with a towel. I felt no cleaning materials were being used. This place is old and pretty run down find one of the local places that is off the strip but fun if money is an issue and you think you have to stay here!
Pretty Dated place. It looks like it may be dying a slow death but I'm sure it will survive if Imperial Palace can survive. The casino was basically empty, as was the food court. It beats the Quad for sure but it just seemed like the ownership decided to cut the losses and only keep up the main parts. There were empty rooms and doors not working in prime real estate space.
APPROACH WITH CAUTION. YOUR VALUABLES WILL BE STOLEN!!!!!
This is the worst hotel on the strip. The upgrade rooms smell like wet carpet.
I had the misfortune of parking in the parking structure and having my car window smashed and everything stolen from my car. The hotel will take no responsibility at all. They did not even offer a free room (not that I would ever go back) 
The management (Le Cretia Evans in risk management) was the worst of all. She could care less about the people that stay at the Riviera and how there experience was
Sure you get what you pay for.  It is probably the best value in Vegas -- if fanciness is not high on your priorities.  It feels like a family place.  Casino is fine.  Buffet is a little lame but we always go to the Peppermill anyway.
I don't care what anyone says, this is my spot right here! Is it old by Vegas standards....yup. Is it kinda on the lamer side of the strip....yup. I don't really mind though. With Riviera you get clean rooms and a super laid back casino. I've been in love with that for some years now. You can go to the casino and play whatever you want. No huge crowds walking in and out of the casino. I am actually one of those people who never minded the walk from Riviera to the center strip. I kinda like it to be honest. Rooms are really comfortable if you get the newer type rooms. Flat screen tvs, comfy beds, super quiet hallways with cheap soda machines....my type of Vegas right here. I think most of you didn't research Vegas enough before you went. You thought you could pay 200 bucks for 5 nights and magically get a bellagio type room....Nope Jokes on you. Riviera is just a nice spot to sleep and shower in. This is Vegas so why do you need to be in your room all day anyway. I will never understand some of you. 

I do hate the Riviera food court these days. There is a quiznos and then some crappy spots to eat at. You are better off just walking across the street to slots of fun or circus circus. Riviera gets the job done if you are like me and out and about most of the day and just need a place to sleep for 5-8 hours. 

I really hope they don't ever close this place...would make me so sad. So many memories here. I made the promise to myself that I will always come over to Riviera whether I'm staying there or not! Long live the Riv
Everthing about this recent stay at The Riv was top notch!!! Heck I LOVED the comps although I am not sure why they went so far, but I was nice to be treated so well.

The Hotel itself is very retro cool. It kind of reminded my of part cruise ship and part Fountain Blue Miami, pre renovations. If this Hotel were in almost any other city in the world it would be the best in town.
 
The Riviera however has to compete with all the other Mega Resorts in Vegas. Well if you really want a huge casino with 1000's of people the The Mirage, Ceasars, and Mandalay Bay are for you, but I really enjoyed the exceptional service throughout the property, and with out the mayhem I experience walking throuh a few of these other places this week.

My room in The Monico Tower was recently redecorated with new carpet, paint. art bedding, and stone bathrooms. But the beds alone made my stay so comfy, omg were they nice, better then home and that says alot!!!

I have no negetives other then spotty internet service, and I did discuse that with the resort manager, (yes The Big Cheese) talked with me about his hotel.

Service, food, shows, entertainment, casino, comps, and comfort all deserve 5 stars!!!

I know its off the "main" strip but its location has its own bennifits. If you are looking for a great place to stay in Vegas and at a GREAT price, STAY and or PLAY HERE!!!!
now i know why i never went here. old, musty, terrible service, describes this place. The ONLY reason I stayed here for the week(huge mistake) was because my conference was taking place there and that made it convenient so that i could go to my room during breaks and come bcak down for other sessions. rooms were old and terrible. the staff was just plain RUDE, from the reception(checkin) to the pit bosses and managers who were extremely rude even though i dropped $1K one night, it was absurd. the dealers are barely awake and always so tired that its depressing to gamble there, its actually so depressing at this hotel that i felt like i just wanted to go to my conference, sleep in my room, and for any other down time, i cabbed it to any place that wasnt the riviera. we did eat at a few of the places in the food court and the only place that was good was LA SALSA.
Came here for the Jan Rouven Illusion show.  The casino is like any other... with slots & tables, it was pretty much dead that night but the poker table was full.  This is one of if not the oldest casino on the strip.  It showed it's age but surprisingly  it was nice to be away from the crowds and all the ringing/dinging of the slot machines. Less crowds but still in some of the action. I enjoyed the music, drinks and the dealers were friendly.  The Illusion show was awesome by the way. See my review.
I don't care what other people say, I like this place. It has that "Old Vegas" feel to it. Sure, it's getting a little run-down, but who among us isn't? I always have fun here - even when I am not winning. Go to the Riviera. It's just a fun place.
This was by far the most pathetic hotel I have stayed at by a drastic margin. This review is for the hotel and casino itself, all restaurants will be reviewed separately as many were not one-star.

The room itself cost $40-60 per night not including taxes or resort fees. As cheap as that sounds, that's horribly expensive for the Riviera due to timing. It's not unfair, but I'm going to have at least minimum expectations for that. I booked a standard non-smoking room on the basis of it really being a place to sleep, shower, and change clothes. Of course, I find out the reservation was "changed" to a smoking room. After making it clear that was not an option, they offered a "free" upgrade to a "luxury" room in the Monte Carlo tower. Those quotes are there for good reason.

Having a confirmed reservation for a non-smoking room means just that. I know the front desk staff has little discretion there aside from existing management plans. The fact that they quickly found an "upgrade" made it clear there was an overbooking and they wanted to make themselves look good. I would give them credit for that if it were a real upgrade. I'd even give it a pass if what I got was a reasonable standard room. However, the "recently renovated" Monte Carlo tower certainly remains pathetic. The shower head and faucet had plenty of hard water buildup and chips in them. I'm fairly sure they were older than I am. The smoke detector had an inspection sticker from 2008. At least one bath towel had a hole in it. The pillow cases had a few minor stains. The Monte Carlo tower itself has a pervading scent which I knew I would be scrubbing off the minute I got back to my own shower. Honestly, I'd expect better than this for $50 on a weekday or $70 on the weekend. Resort fee included there since it is part of the price. 

The casino is reasonably open and uncrowded, leading to only moderate smoke smell. On the other hand, this led to many empty table games. I believe I saw craps open once. They seemed content to rely on a video craps game with a dice shaker machine. There was a heavy reliance on penny progressive slots with a handful of quarter/dollar slots scattered about. Video poker pay lines were the worst of any I have seen. It's almost as if they intentionally want people to end up frustrated with the entire place and go away as quickly as possible. Even when I was winning, I felt as if in a way, I was still losing. Every single other place I have touched on the strip was friendlier and more pleasant of a location.

The comps are virtually nonexistent aside from the standard cocktail offers. They couldn't even get their player's club rewards straight between signs and people.

If not for events at the Riviera, the only purpose to go there would be the exercise from walking that far down the strip.
We stayed at the Riviera because it was a groupon deal. Bad call. Ill admit the room was ok....after we upgraded, but the rest of the hotel is meh! You have to walk past crack dealers if you venture to the newer part of the strip. The restaurants are just ok. If your under 60, I would pay the extra money and stay someplace south of here.
Place sucks! Beware!!! Booked king sized bed, gave us two full-not fun to have fun on!
Employees look depressed, bartenders are old and unfriendly, the wallpaper is peeling and the rooms smelled like rotting fruit and old lady-gross!
It's okay.  The room was clean and the bed was comfy.  The staff was friendly and the food was good and affordable.

It's a bit old and the rooms are stuffy.  I hated walking through the lobby with everyone smoking.  It's pretty far down the strip.

Not the worst place I've ever stayed, and it was reasonably priced ($69/night).
For people who are on a budget, this actually is a great, comfortable hotel. However, every night, when I would come back to the room after my conference was over, the room smelled of mold. I'd call house keeping and they'd come spray febreez and put an air freshner. Then, I'd have to crank on the AC because the smell of the freshners were strong. All in all, it wasn't a pleasant experience and I hope next time I am in Las Vegas, I can stay at one of the nicer hotels.
This was the worst conference site and hotel for a conference I enjoy attending annually. First recommendation: if looking at this site for a conference, be aware that it has negative vibes for the kind of community feel one seeks for that kind of event. Not conducive to socializing and networking. 
Check-in: very long line and only 2 clerks. (That remained true on multiple day.) the upgrade coupons were a come on. Fake. 
In our hallway, a glass sat for several days not picked up by catering or cleaning staff. 
That bathtub did not drain. The room decor was fine. The blaring loudspeaker from pool loudspeaker ("seats are available  at poker table") were annoying both at room and poolside. Definitely go outside hotel for any meals which includes coffee at snack stands.  While the price for a conference hotel may seem seductive at $70 , much more is list in good will and negative feeling.
Ok, I'll start by saying this hotel isn't horrible. But it is not at all nice. It smells powerfully from fresheners, which means they are covering some not good stuff. Yikes! It's also pretty smokey.
Very, very dated. Seriously 70s/80s fabulous, for better or for worse.
Our bathtub was squishy--yes squishy from it not being sealed properly and water draining underneath it.
People working were pretty nice, but some were grumpy toward us.
The conference area wasn't good. Some rooms were saunas and others ice boxes. There was no internet connection as promised in many areas.  The hallways were hard to walk down. Technology help was sparse and slow. Technology capabilities left much to be desired.
We wouldn't ever stay here again if we came to Vegas. It's far from the strip and a bit gross and very dated. I constantly felt like I needed to wash my hands.
The dirtiest, seediest and most  run down hotel I have EVER stayed at. I had to stay here for a convention and was appalled. The rooms have been cosmetically updated, but the shower was mildewy and the room had an old wall AC unit that was loud, ran constantly and was probably filled with mold (I woked up with my allergies going INSANE). Finally, you know you're in a seedy place when there is a HYPODERMIC NEEDLE DISPOSAL in the bathroom. WTF!?

The hotel hosted a conference for 3,000 people, but wasn't properly staffed to handle it. You had to wait at least 30 minutes for the pleasure to eat at one of their disgusting restaurants. All of the food I ate at the restaurants was deep fried dreck. I'm amazed I didn't get ill.

The casino is old, depressing and attracts a lot of creeps. At night they had a scantily clad girl dancing on a pole. Just sad.

Its not even worth it to stay here on the cheap since its so far north on the strip. You have to take an expensive cab ride to get anywhere other than Circus Circus (which is just as seedy and gross). The wynn is probably the closest place at a 10 minute walk.

Bottom line: this dive needs to be condemned.
To start we got there a few hours before checkin, so we knew we would have to wait.  The first lady we spoke with at the front desk was helpful and pointed us to an area we could pickup wifi while waiting for our room.  The bellman was friendly and helpful in holding our luggage.  Since we didn't pay to upgrade, we got what we expected--a run down 1 star...maybe 2 star hotel room.

There was a view of the pool, so that was better than nothing (although later we found it was closed until after our checkout date).  According to the front desk lady the room we were getting had been "partially updated", but all we noticed was a new tub liner and shower curtain.  When we went to put our valuables in the safe it said "low battery", so we called and they sent maintenance up.  He wasn't able to do anything, so we asked for a different room.  We were moved up a floor to the side overlooking the disgusting lower roof.  Both rooms were the same.  Old, dingy, over used, and barely holding themselves together.

The hotel was dead at all various hours that we were coming and going each day, so we're not sure why we couldn't have been checked into a nicer room, and earlier in the day.  The bed was comfortable, wifi was strong and for the most part everything was clean-ish.

We stopped in the general store for a postcard and the business center for a stamp.  Both lady's that helped us were friendly.  The guy at the little coffee/bagel stand was also genuinely nice.

We ate at the R Buffet for b-fast and it was okay, but not worth the discounted rate we paid.  We watched the magic show, which was pretty cool but don't pay full price for this either.  It was an entertaining show but not worth some of the ticket prices we came across.  We ate at the bar in the R Steak and Seafood restaurant because we had an offer of 20% off the entire bill, but when it came time to pay we were told it was only good in the dining room.  We showed the manager there was no stipulation in the offer, but instead of correcting our bill he took my name and number and said he would see what they could do in the form of comps.  We never heard back from him.

In the end, this hotel needs to be demolished unless it's being kept for that original vegas feel.  Do NOT pay full price to stay here--$25 per night max because there is also a $15 resort fee (common for most hotels in the area).
When I checked in the woman was rude. I requested a non-smoking room since my mom hates the smell and it was for her birthday. I was told I got a smoking room and was told I could get an upgraded room for an extra $20 a night, doesn't seem right to me. I was aware of the hotel nightly rate of $15 a night but don't understand the charge since no one really does anything for you, when i checked in, the woman at the front slid my card, which i was assuming was for that charge but I came to find out, when I checked out that I owed the second night along with the $15 each night charge that would be taken out of the $100 they took from my account as a deposit. I had no idea that they had taken $100, no where did it say anything about a deposit, and I was not even told when the charge was actually made. The guy was talking to me like a five year old while explaining all of this. The window was broken and bed was hard as a rock. All of the restaurants closed at 10 except one which was overpriced. They're even books in the room were also outdated. It says they have bingo which my grandma wanted to do but when we went to find it we were told they haven't had it for months and couldn't tell us where the next closest was. The rude behavior of all made any positives out of sight and out of mind. Spend the extra money and go somewhere else.
I recently stayed at the Riviera for a large, national conference and have been fantasizing about what kind of review I would write after the horrible service I received. 

I should mention, first, that we were warned about booking a room at the hotel. Several people affiliated with the conference warned they, their family members, or friends had gotten bed bugs while staying at the Riviera. Because the conference we were in Vegas to attend was being held there, my colleague and I decided to press our luck and stay there for convenience.

I've decided to write a simple account of my experience in chronological order. 

1) When I went to check in, I attempted to redeem a voucher for a free room upgrade. Surprise! The room was already booked and they had only rooms left with king-sized beds. No offense fo my colleague, but we preferred to have our own beds. Sounded like the Twitter deal was a scam. The real offense? The check-in clerk was incredibly rude. I was astounded. 

2) We got bedbugs. Yep. It happened. I have pictures. When we brought this to the front desk's attention a manager came out, hurried us into a corner, told us security would meet us up at the room to investigate. We protested, he insisted. We went up to the room where a security officer met us. He took pictures of the bites, wrote something down and keyed up his radio, "Code green, that's a positive." I rolled my eyes. He took his flashlight and peered under the top cover. "I don't see any bedbugs." 

Bedbugs infest the corners of mattresses. They get in the little seams. They crawl on the top of picture frames. Alongside the corners of the carpet. I couldn't believe it. We protested and he called his supervisor. 

This huge guy came into the room and we explained how impossible it was to conclude there were no bedbugs after such a cursory check. We said we didn't want to pay for the room. He said that the management would take care of everything and escorted us back to the manager. 

The manager told us there was nothing he could do except change our rooms. He told us security have their procedures and are trained (to be useless, for sure). We protested. He gave us a card and said loss prevention would contact us in 7-10 days. That was on the 14th of March. Today is March 29th; I've heard nothing. We told him the security guy said management would take care of us. He said there was nothing he could do. As a result of their incompetence, we missed dinner with our colleagues. They did give us, after my roommate got upset, a voucher for dinner. 

3) When we went to check out, we asked right away to speak with a manager. A different manager than the previous night appeared, and when we said we got bedbugs she hurried us away from the other folks checking out. We told her we didn't want to pay for the room. She said there was nothing she could do--loss prevention would contact us. We said she was the manager--she could do anything she wanted. I said, "I've read many reviews on various travel sites that have claimed loss prevention never contacts them after they get bed bugs." She got upset and said, "Why would you go and read those sites!" I laughed and said, I'm happy to show the folks in line my bites. Then she called security. 

4) Security came and mocked us and threatened us. We said we were here with the teacher's conference, and one guard got angry and said angrily, "What kind of teachers do you think you are?" They circled us as my roommate continued talking to the manager. I told them to get out of my personal space and asked folks who were checking out to witness their hostility. They got in my face and I started taking pictures. I have several. I started tweeting everything. That's when they backed off and left. 

Now, you can make your own decision to stay here. My roommate and I have not yet been contacted by the hotel about getting bed bugs. 

The managers at this hotel had total control over our experience as guests, and they chose not to compensate us adequately, the hotel security insulted and threatened us, and there has been no follow up. 

Choose where you stay wisely.
BED BUGS. Stay Away. We stayed at the Riviera Hotel & Casino for a professional conference and had one of the very worst experiences imaginable: we were bitten all over our legs and arms by bed bugs and we were treated poorly by hotel management and security after reporting the bites. 

First, listen to these online reviews. Mine isn't the only bed bug incident!!! Our biggest mistake was that we ignored all of the many warnings before booking the hotel. We ignored warnings of bed bugs from colleagues who refused to stay there. We ignored Yelp reviews warning customers of bed bugs (read them. There's tons!) and ignored warning about The Riviera on the Bed Bug Registry: http://www.bedbugregistry.com/hotel/NV/Las-Vegas/Riviera-Hotel-%2526amp;-Casino

Instead of making the smart decision, we reasoned that it would be nice to stay at the hotel hosting our conference and that, really, it couldn't be that bad. BAD DECISION. 

We checked in Tuesday. Thursday night we discovered bed bug bites on our feet, legs, and arms. We google-image searched bed bug bites and read about the symptoms. They looked exactly like the pictures and matched the symptoms. When we brought this to the attention of the hotel staff, we received the complete run-around. Management passed us off to security, who took pictures of all our bites on our feet, arms, and legs. Security passed us off to risk management (who, conveniently, were not in at that moment), and then we were passed back to hotel management and passed back to security. No one could give us any answers, but we were given a new room while they investigated our old room. A manager "comped" us $50.00 but suggested that this comp does not confirm fault by the hotel (sounds kind of fishy, right?). 

When we checked out we told the management that we would not be paying for the room. Management called security, who surrounded us, threatened us, and harassed us. They told me to wait 8-10 business days before calling risk management. I waited 10 business days and called today. I was informed that the report came back as "inconclusive" and that I would be responsible for paying the room. When I questioned their investigation, saying that it was awfully convenient that their investigation found no evidence of bed bugs, they hung up on me. Now the Riviera is making me pay for my bedbug-infested room. What a poor, poor example of customer service. In a town where they're basically giving away hotel rooms to try to get folks to stay and gamble, they wouldn't even comp us a room after infesting our bodies, clothes, and luggage with bed bugs. Now that's poor customer service. 

Seriously, listen to the warnings on Yelp and other review sites. Don't make the mistake of thinking that these are a few random bitter cranks with an axe to grind. This is a serious problem that the hotel apparently has not addressed properly.
I booked this place online, when I got there, they gave me different room, they said you can change it later, and when I changed it, they charged me extra for it which I didn't ask for, I just asked for what I booked. At the end I paid 100$ extra for 4 nights.
Worst check in ever! Been in line for 30 minutes, worse than the dmv.
slots are tight, cocktail waitresses even more so!
the best thing about this place is that its across the street from Circus Circus.

oh and the happy hour at the R Steakhouse!
5$ bowl of steamed clams, oysters, row of 3 sirloin sliders or habanero chicken wings.
This hotel has a very well documented bedbug problem. I made a reservation for 2 rooms and then was told by a friend from Vegas that there was an infestation. I immediately cancelled the reservation. Riviera refused to honor my cancellation and has taken 100% of hotel fee.

We stayed at the Tuscany hotel, FYI, and although the rooms are basic, the price was great and there were no BEDBUGS!!!!!!

Shame on you Riviera!!!!
LOSING!!!

This is not my favorite hotel on the strip. Is it full of history with old rooms that smell? Yes that is the smell of History. Come on Sinatra has a suite here. I am sure there are things in this hotel we do not want to know anything about, so sometimes it is better to just hold your nose & deal with it.

I have only stayed at this hotel because of work. I would never personally pick this place ever.

When I check-in, I asked for a Humidifier and I was promptly told, "the Riv does not have any". I informed the check-in agent that I stay in Vegas 3 times a year & every hotel has humidifiers. She promptly told me I was wrong & she questioned what hotels I stayed at last. I informed her and she said, "That is hard to believe because one of the hotels I mentioned was a sister property and they do not have humidifiers!" I looked at her and said, "I am sorry because they gave me one for a week!"  So frustrating! Why are you arguing with me?

Two days went by and I was about to go to Walgreens to purchase a Humidifier. I decided to call Housekeeping and just ask. The Manager in Housekeeping said, "I wish you would have called two days ago because I think I am out of them!" I was so mad that I actually listened to the front desk. I should have just called two days ago. The Manager was so sweet because I asked her to call me back within the hour because if I did not hear from her I would go and buy one. Five minutes later there was a knock at my door and I was handed a humidifier.  That was 5 star service but the front desk not knowing or even making an attempt to get me a humidifier was 0 stars.

My dry cleaning was suppose to be in my room by 7pm the night before. As I was getting ready in the morning I noticed my dry cleaning was not there. I tried several times to call the Bell Hop, to inquiry about my dress shirt but no one ever picked up the phone. So I decided to pick up my shirt myself & went down on my way to work. I informed the Bell Hop my shirt was never delivered. He then looked at me and said, "Did you look in the closet?" I honestly wanted to biff myself in the head and say, "I wish I had a V8!" I looked at him and said, "Really?" He then went to look for my shirt but made sure to tell me that he probably did not have it. Guess what? He had my shirt. Then he had the rudeness to say, "I am going to need to see your ID!" I looked at him and said, "What are the chances that I gave you my last name, my room number, color of shirt and that it wasn't delivered to my room and it isn't my dress shirt???" He said, "Well I have to be sure!" I said, "Just be sure you are making me late for work and I now have to get dressed in the Lobby bathroom now!" Honestly what is the deal with these guys! Are people stealing dry cleaning in hotels?

I also had to leave notes around my room to inform the maid not to touch my stuff. Please do not move my toothbrush and various bathroom stuff. Is it really necessary?  The kicker was the day I walked in and my room was not made and it was 7pm at night. I called the manager and he said, "I see your room has been marked off as cleaned!" I told him to come on up or I could email him photos. He asked if he could send up the maid now and I said, "No! I am in my room & I am good!" Five minutes later there was a knock on my door from the maid who insisted to come in and clean my room. I had to tell her that I was good & did not want my room cleaned. It was more principal. Don't check my room off as clean and then not clean it.

The kicker is this. I decided to go green & check-out from my television. It then asked me to find the keyboard in the room to type in my email to send me out a final bill. I then opened every drawer in my room to find the keyboard. I then called down to the front desk and was informed that none of the rooms have keyboards. Really? Why tell me to check out from the room & I can not get a bill emailed to me. The front desk manger promised me to email me my final bill. It has been 7 days since I have checked out I have not gotten my final bill. I called after 24 hours and had them email me again. No email. I have in fact called 5 times & I have them send out emails to two different email addresses. Guess what? No email. 

I also had food here once too. I had one of the pre-packed salads from the coffee shop. I opened my salad only to find wilting lettuce in the container. So gross! That was the first & last time that I ate at the hotel. If you stay here you are going to be taking cabs down the street or walking to get to any decent restaurants. There is nothing to do at this end of the strip!

I am hating this review right now because I am taking a big deep breath & reliving this lack of customer service at the Riv! This hotel is not a Five Star Hotel. My room was suppose to be non-smoking but it still smelled like smoke. I guess after 58 years you will never be able to get the smoke of the walls!
I was told the rooms were renovated but was a basic clean up... Still has popcorn on the ceiling, clean but not anything fancy. Flat screen tv was terrible reception, heat and air is old and is loud and outdated. Very old casino that dates back to 1955 and is a good place to stay if you like vintage. Does not have a good filtration in the casinos and smoke is strong smelling. Would never, never stay here again... Never!
Just stayed a week at the "Riviera".  First thing was an "Extra charge" for an upgraded room that was non-smoking.  I had booked a non-smoking room through Expedia.  Then a resort fee on top of that.  At the end of seven days, the extra charges were $261.00.  The casino was so smokey we avoided it and went across the street to Circus Circus.  Go to the Mirage.  I think they will give you a much better deal after the EXTRA charges are added.  Signed Linda Hewson Colebrook NH
Timeless & Affordable Las Vegas Hotel

This hotel has flair and is affordable.

The staff is very friendly and gave me the desired room. Before the official check-in time, I was already in the room.

On April 6th 2013, early afternoon I met a Woman with dark long hair and a thin kind of poncho on Her shoulders at the casino. She was accompanied by an Asian Girlfriend. I just came back from the Grand Canyon West tour and was very tired. For me the day started at 4 AM. For this and other reasons, I had not asked for the name or contact details of the Woman. I have to give something to this Woman. This is important. However I do not know where and how to search for this Woman.  :-(
This place is wonderful, we had an updated room with a pool view. It's been quiet and beds are comfortable, towels are fluffy and soft, the only thing I wish they had was a coffee maker, but it's ok, cause you can get coffee anywhere! 

Wonderful experience!
Stayed in Monte Carlo Tower, rooms were very spacious and has a vanity and small fridge. Pool is huge. Tubs and shower are big. Has iron but no coffee pot :-(
I went here for a locals meetup mixer at the pool on May 5th. I wasn't overly impressed with the pool. They put rose's lime juice in the margaritas... Ew. 

The blackjack dealers inside were less than excited to be working here. I don't think I will be heading back anytime soon...
Here name was Lola...
She was a Showgirl...
That was many years ago 
When they used to have a show....

Copacabana (  Barry Manilow)

The Riviera ,much like Lola where in their heyday ,they wereThe toast of the town. The Riviera, being the first hight rise hotel buit on the Strip.
  Now she stands quietly in the shadows cast by her newer additions that shimmer in the footlights of the Fabulous Las Vegas STRIP.
I don't think I would return here. I booked through a travel site and thought it was a great deal until I got there and they told me I could only have an old, non-updated smoking room. Just so you know, non-smoking is an upgrade you will pay for. By the end of, I spent more here than I would have at a nicer hotel. The rooms were decent in the tower I upgraded to but it didn't feel like an upgrade so I'm terrified to think what the other rooms are like. 

Do yourself a favor and book elsewhere.
A cheap has-been. If you're coming to Vegas to gamble and this is the best hotel you can afford, you probably can't really afford to gamble. Think about that. 

Anyway, I'd give it two plus stars for being a decent, if sad, budget option, except for the bait and switch tactics the Riviera uses to lure those hotel shopping online: the base rate quoted on the travel sites excludes the $15/night resort fee AND is for a SMOKING room. "Upgrading" to a less gross nonsmoking option is an additional $22/night. So we're talking about a difference of $37/night between the online rate and the rate you actually have to pay.

Other than that, the rooms are decent but old, clean but shabby. The staff is neither friendly nor hostile but again, it's a cheap hotel. In a small town in the middle of the windswept prairie, this sort of hotel might pass for decent, but in Las Vegas this relic has long been overshadowed.
Never going back. Got to our room broken pieces of hard candy on the carpet and on the shower nob, hot cheeto on the side of the night stand.
TERRIBLE.  I have stayed here a few times and my room was upgraded  to Manaco Tower ( its what I payed for anyways) and this time they SCREWED UP and did NOT give me the room I paid for. They gave me a SMOKING(I don't smoke and specifically asked for no smoking) and gave me in the old towers. 
What can I say. These rooms suck. The new towers are OK. But these are horrific. Mold in the bathroom, bath tub is filthy, and the mattresses are extremely uncomfortable. I complained to "manager" ( ANNETTE) and she was rude and acted like she doesn't care. What kind of service is that. I mean I would get better service at motel 6 I'm sure. 
Either way they lost a continuing customer and will not ever return here, even for a free room. 
Save yourself the trouble and DO NOT stay here!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chain reaction due to flight delays.  Our room (that we reserved) was given away.  We were put up in a temp room for one night.  Then we got stuck in a garage elevator.  To top it off, the hotel layout was confusing.
Got it for $14 a night on hotwire! Low minimum tables, friendly staff, clean rooms. You can't beat the riviera for vegas on a budget.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!!
Haven't been here in years, but of shit! Filthy dirty!! 
Before you book this place BEAWARE!!! 
Rooms are filthy, had to change room 3 times before I got a clean room! 
Management doesn't care at all!
My girlfriend and I stayed here because it was the host hotel for our tournament.  Nothing went right.  We were not given the room we had reserved.  The staff was rude, our room was disgusting.  Hole in the "popcorn" ceiling, white stuff on a chair and yes it was what you were thinking.  Absolutely disgusting.
1 star. My girlfriend and I bought the groupon for this trip a couple months ago and finally used it last week. We booked our hotel room and got our reservation at the Riviera. What a mistake. Not only were we greeted by an unfriendly and unhelpful staff, the lady actually is yelling to her co worker behind the counter about how we are slowing everything up and now she can't go on her break. We got there and they didn't have our reservation!! What the hell!
Rooms were very very small, no coffee maker, and when we checked out they charged us again for our rooms, we had already paid for them prior, when we called, they were very rude and did not want to return our money. Would never go here again
Ok James Bond fans. This is the hotel that was used for the interior shots of the Whyte House in Diamonds Are Forever. Unfortunately it has been redone so many times that it is almost unrecognizable. But try your hand at the craps table anyway, maybe Plenty O'Toole will give you a hand. Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
This hotel really needs to step up its game!! First, I called a week in advance to ask how to add a person to the reservation. They told me to call the booking company and they would take care of it. I did just that, and even double checked a few days before. When my friend arrived at the hotel before my flight even took off, they would not let her check in! Assuming it was just a mix-up, I called the hotel and politely explained the situation. They indicated that we'd have to have hotels.com fax them a confirmation. I called and had that done, waited the half hour that was requested, and then called back. Meanwhile, my best friend is standing in the middle of the hotel with all of her bags just waiting. By the time I finally got a hold of a person, it had been over an hour since the fax had been sent. The guy on the other end of the line told me that the fax hasn't been received. I asked him if he could go check the machine or the e-fax system. He said, and I quote, "Ma'am, that's in another department, and they don't have a phone."  What the actual hell? Is this 1905? What department doesn't have a phone!? He told me they receive thousands of faxes a day and it would be two hours at the very least. (I'm imagining two people in a windowless room in a tower with no phone furiously trying to read all the faxes) 

Called back, asked for a manager, miraculously the fax appeared.

TL;DR: crappy customer service, chinsey hotel, grouchy dealers, adequate room. Would not stay again.
DO NOT COME HERE! WORST HOTEL/MOTEL EVER!!!! 
Horrible. Filthy. Worst customer service ever. Casino has literally 20 machines. No live dealers. This has been the worst hotel experience ever in my life, or should I say, Motel? I arrived at Riviera around 11PM to check in. The Valet guy was rude... 

Whatever, I just wanted to get into my room. Getting there, the clerk said we didn't specify which room my husband & I wanted so he would give us a smoking room with 2 queen beds. I didn't want to get a smoking room so I was willing to pay $20 bucks to upgrade to a 1 King size bed & no smoking. The clerk says, "I'll upgrade you guys to the new tower." -- in his mono-toned voice btw-- so any way, we get up to our room I thought this was a joke. It was worst than the local LA QUINTA. This is upgraded???? The room was HUMID, the fridge was broken, one of the lamps was also broken (button was gone) and the thing that got me the most was the HALF USED SHAMPOO bottle without a conditioner or hand soap to offer (which is what NORMAL hotels give you) OH and there was also a dirty hand print on our table. There was also a paper that says, "This room has been cleaned by..." and no one signed it... lol.... hmmm.

I am an easy going girl, really, but this was outrageous. Half used shampoo? Really? Could've refilled it at least so I wouldn't know :p anyways... I went down stairs and ordered to get my money back, (so about 15-20 minutes have passed now) the clerk went to the back to talk to his manager.... he talked for about 15 minutes, comes back out and does some typing on the computer.... then he says, "m'am we would refund you your money but it says you have been in the room for past 30 minutes." -- ARE YOU KIDDING ME? It takes at least 5-10 minutes to walk from the front desk to my hotel PLUS I've been standing there for 15 minutes waiting on him and he KNOWS that, and that's basically what I told him. He then goes to the back again and the manager comes out and instead of being NICE and comforting the customer.... no.... she acts like a total ... B....  ok so all this arguing goes on and she does not want to refund the money nor does she make me feel better (customer is supposed to always be right...) 

So FINALLY I demanded a different room AT THE LEAST... and she gives it to us.... so when we are heading to the room, we ask a different hotel clerk that checked us in the first time where the nearest rest room was and THIS A---HOLE says, "I'm off the clock" and just keeps walking... seriously dude? Just POINT your hand in the right direction!!! Nope... we should've known... shouldn't have wasted our time asking any way.... 

We get to our room, it's still disgusting but HEY at least my shampoo bottle isn't half used.... OH LOOK our lamp AND fridge works (even though it sucks lol) OH and the most important thing... the service card (whoever cleaned the room) WAS SIGNED!!! lol.... but yeah this place was horrible... USUALLY customer service HELPS make up for any mishaps but not here. That's probably why you would never want to stay here. You can pay the same price and stay at the Platinum hotel... I stayed there after this place and it made up for EVERYTHING!!!! Then again, I'm sure any other MOTEL would be better than the Riviera.

LONG description but this was a horrific place and I want it to be known!!! 
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME LIKE WE DID!!!!
On 28 June 2013 I checked into the Riviera Hotel and casino until 5 July 2013. After being placed in a downgraded room because my room wasn't available I got settled into room 3533. 
On 30 June 2013 I went to turn on the floor lamp inside the room and I got a very powerful electric shock. My right hand and arm has very little feeling other than tingling now. I reported the incident immediately to the front desk. A security guard came up to my room and I filed an incident report. She assured me that Risk Management would call me. She took the lamp and told me maintenance would replace the lamp. The lamp wasn't replaced. After going to the ER I was diagnosed with Electric Shock Injury and was told feeling may never come back. I tried calling risk management every day. Finally after 2 days I went to the front desk and demanded to speak to someone regarding my injury. The manager, Debbie, came up and offered to refund my resort fees totaling $115.00 to make up for me losing the feeling in my arm by their faulty equipment in the room. They then upgraded me to the room I was supposed to have the whole time since I paid for an upgraded room. On 4 July 2013 housekeeping came to the room around 11 am. I told her I didn't need housekeeping and she said "ok" and walked away. We left the room around 1:00 and returned around 2:30pm. Upon returning to the room none of the 4 keys we had worked. I went down to the front desk and they gave me 4 more keys. I went back to my room and those keys didn't work. I went back down but this time to the bell desk. I explained what happened and how I already got 4 new keys. He said he'd help and he followed me to my room. His key didn't work. He said something had to be wrong with the lock or mechanism so he left and went to engineering. 30 minutes later 2 security guards (1 male in a black suit and the female security who originally took my injury report) arrived at my room. They told me I was locked out of my room because housekeeping came in to clean and saw my BB gun I had in my room. He told me firearms aren't allowed in the building. I had kept my BB gun in my safe which I kept locked. I told the security how I had told housekeeping I didn't need service earlier. I also told him how my BB gun, which isn't a firearm because it does not use combustion to fire a projectile instead uses air, was locked in my safe and asked how the maid saw my gun and also why was she coming back after I told her I didn't want her in my room. He then told me I was to leave the premises and was banned or "86'd". It took security an additional 30 minutes to get into my room because the door wasn't unlocking. The security guard kept trying to egg me on and asking "Do you have a chip on your shoulder?" "Are you mad?" "Why are you mad?" He had to be asked to leave by the other security guards because he wouldn't stop egging me on. Once inside I saw my safe had been pried open, my BB gun was sitting on top of the safe and the do not disturb sign that was on the door was sitting next to the safe. All the money I had in the safe was taken. I requested to file a report and I was told Risk Management would call me Monday. They never called. They didn't refund me for my extra night stay. I filed a police report with Las Vegas Metro Police. I will never stay at the Riviera. I will never recommend anyone, not even my worst enemy to stay at the Riviera Hotel and Casino Las Vegas!!

Attached is a video taken while security tried to fix the door the broke.https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10151779810399913&l=1311073713539322341
I went to the Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas with a friend several months ago and had really nice room. Upon my check in this time Iwas asking about my room being the same as before because this made me so happy. I was told that the tower that I would be staying in was not at all like the one the last time with my friend. I asked why they dont explain that the rooms on the internet at the great rate are just the "old" rooms that look like the 80's. I have two rooms and I am so embarresed I suggested staying here when I could have just gone accross the street to Circus, Circus for the same price. I will never recommend this hotel to anyone.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Bottoms up Black Jack on the Weekends.  Great Game.  Great time.  Great Pitt Boss, Dealers, and Waitresses.  Never stayed there but will always visit and usually lose money elsewhere with Wifey for Bottoms up up up up.
This hotel depressed me. . .

It has potential but there are just so many things wrong with how it is run.  My biggest issue was the lack of up keep.  The Casino, lobby, front doors and elevator were dirty throughout our weekend stay.  Finger prints, garbage, scratches, scrapes---it was really hard to look at the place on our way up to our rooms.  The check in process was inefficient.  They have one line for all needs and this one line moves ultra slowly.  When we checked in we waited in a long line and as we came and went we frequently saw an extraordinary long line.  They a few elevators that serviced all floors (not one for higher and another for lower floors) so the elevators were always very full.  

The rooms:  Were surprisingly nice.  We almost left after the check in process because we were so horrified but the rooms were nice!  Up to date, clean, spacious.   We were shocked!  The pool was okay---very loud could hear it from our rooms in the afternoon hours (or power nap time!).  

The location isn't bad.  It's close to the monorail, near the North hotels.  A quick cab ride from everything but the ascetics and cleanliness needs major work! 

I don't plan to stay here again unless they step up their game.
We stayed here this weekend because it was affordable and close to the other people we were spending time with. Our favorite part was the British style pub in the casino area because they had 99 beers to choose from, the staff were awesome, and the food was good. Our hotel room was clean and basic, the bed was comfy. For the price the room was good. 

The problem is that it is run poorly. At check in time, there was a huge lineup that didn't move. It took us 40 minutes to check in. They had about 3 staff checking everyone in. Also, they made us pay a $100 damage deposit which will be returned to the credit card 3-5 business days after check out. Upon check out, we were informed that there was a $30 service charge for staying there and that we should have read the fine print when we checked in.

The place was a little run down and drab but for the price that didn't bother us. We won't stay here again because of the sneaky charges and long lines in a lobby with almost no air conditioning.
This place has a very bad reputation apparently but I don't see why. I stayed 3 days, 2 nights and really enjoyed it. I liked that it was a bit secluded from the others but still easy walking distance. I liked that it was also a bit smaller but still had everything the other higher end (and way over-priced) hotels have. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and spacious. The buffet was very yummy and had a nice variety. The parking wasn't overwhelming like the other hotels. And the casino was good too. People are saying there aren't any live dealers but I think they're smokin' something because I played black jack, roulette, AND craps with live people. They were very helpful too. The front desk was nice and all the workers in the casino were very friendly. 

The only two bad things were the dusty alarm clock and the $30 "resort fee" that I was never told about until I checked out. All in all though I enjoyed it and would definately stay again!
stayed here for free as part of someone's bday package, and yet i still find myself with room to complain. thats how bad this hotel is.

the one thing i distictly remember is having to drunkenly sleep up on the A/C because it works so poorly. here i am all inebriated and such, and this piece of crap cant blow cold air to save my life! hot room, but at least i had a nice view of the pool. 

the casino itself sucks. lifeless, dead, not exciting at all. i thought this was vegas people! i've stayed at better hotels in the middle of nowhere...where was our coffee maker? 

the beds were comfy, but at the end of the day, our room became known as the place we go in between getting drunk...as opposed to the place we go to relax, recharge, and refuel. 

P.S. check-in was horrible. they seriously made us wait hours to check-in, via some company mix-up. apparantly their email service is super slow and they didnt have our info ready when we arrived. avoid this place, unless u seriously cant afford another spot.
Location not the best. Seems to have an older crowd.

Penthouse suite was beautiful
In Atlantic City this would be a solid 4 stars, believe it or not. However, compared to what's happening south of the Riviera on The Strip right now, meh.

There are a couple of things to note on the good side- 
the slots are never crowded and neither are the table games
the crowd here is as unpretentious as you can get 
the history of the resort is hard to match- Dino used to be a part owner and Liberace was the headliner here shortly after the doors opened for the first time. Frank Sinatra had one of the rooms in the Monte Carlo Tower remodeled to meet his tastes during one of his runs. There are a few exhibits of the heyday of the Riviera near the Monaco Tower including a great photo of Elvis and Jerry Lee Lewis onstage together.
rooms are cheap
Peppermill is right next door

On the bad side-
it's dated inside...from the way it's decorated to the way it's operated
unless you can appreciate "Old Vegas" you won't think you are getting the Vegas experience here

Some new developments are underway nearby which may force the Riv to update and upgrade in order to stay relevant. For now, they are firmly in the 70s & 80s in terms of style and it's not even good enough for hipster irony right now.
I guess its not bad, we checked in and were given a smoking room because they had no others, we were not thrilled about that, but they said they were fully booked. After getting to the room I decided to call the front desk to ask if we could have a 12pm check out, I called from the room phone and after 15 minutes of no one answering I called from my cell phone as well and waited and finally someone answered after about 25 minutes, and they did let us check out at 12 but still if its pretty busy day I don't see how no one could have answered the phone a little quicker just to answer a quick question.
You get what you pay for and the Riviera is no exception.  The Casino is definitely dated but doesn't feel as dingy as it could.  The rooms are comfortable and the pool is decent.  Worth leaving the property to find good food.  The walk to the strip is fairly quick too.
I try to make it out to Las Vegas once a year. I've stayed at many of the strip hotels before, but the Riviera has been my default location for the last several visits because I think it's an excellent value. Just a couple things you may want to consider before you read on: I tend to go to Las Vegas over the summer during the week, and I'm extremely low maintenance when I'm at a hotel. All I ask for is a mattress, running water, a television and a roof. If the janitor's closet has those things, they can put me in there and I'll be happy. 

Check in at The Riviera is normally a piece of cake.  From the moment I walk into the lobby, I'm on my way to the room in about five minutes. When I was there this past June, I had to wait in line for about fifteen to twenty minutes before I could check in; and had I gotten there later, I probably would've waited about twenty more by how much the line grew. If you think that's bad, keep in mind that in hotels like The Bellagio I've had to wait up to five hours for my room to be ready. 

The standard rooms vary in appearance. From my experience, the rooms in the Mediterranean Tower are the older looking ones and those in the Monaco Tower look like they were renovated in the last ten years. Their contents are the same. All have a bed, a lounge chair and ottoman, a desk, a television in a cabinet and a full bathroom in 500 square feet of space. That sounds okay, right? Do you know what a standard room at, say, Caesars Palace has? Exactly the same thing. The furniture is more modern looking, sure, but you're not getting anything extra except an additional $300 on your bill. If an ultra sleek looking room is worth that much to you, then got for it. To me, that's just a gimmick that I'm not going to fall for.

Regarding the reviews of people saying their rooms were dirty: luckily, I have yet to experience an unsatisfactory room at The Riviera. And I check, too. Whenever I go into a hotel I always check the corners of the mattress for bed bugs. Of course that doesn't mean they're lying, it just may not be as prevalent as you might think. Here's my take on it: First, many times when people say "dirty" what they really need to say is "worn." It's a hotel; that sort of thing is going to happen. And second, this is the Las Vegas strip, one of the most touristy places in the country if not the world and also one of the most putrefied. I don't care what hotel you're staying in, with all the scumbags coming in and out, there's a good chance that glass bottles have been broken, vomit has been expelled and hookers have been penetrated within and/or on the walls of your room. We try to ignore this reality whenever we vacation down there, but it's naïve to think that stuff doesn't happen. Some hotels are just better at hiding it than others. 

The reason for the lack of concealing their lecherous past might lie in the casino itself. I first went into the Riviera casino in 2003. It was as busy and noisy as those casinos on the center strip. And why wouldn't it have been? Back then this part of the strip was flooded in flashing neon lights from all the famous old casinos. If you wanted to know what the Las Vegas of the 60s looked like, this is where you came. Today, all but one of those neighboring casinos are gone and this part of the strip looks about as lively as the desert surrounding the city. Inside the casino is no different. Nobody's playing, therefore nobody is spending any money. Why not? Nobody has any reason to come this far north anymore. For many people, the strip might as well end at The Encore. It seems that those geniuses who tore down The Stardust, The New Frontier and Westward Ho forgot to build something else in their places. Until that empty space is occupied, people will continue to miss out on what I believe to be the last standing old timey casinos of the strip. No frills and no silly themes. Just good gaming. 

The Riviera has all the amenities of the more popular casinos such as a steak house, an excellent pub, a pool that goes deeper than four feet, a great value comedy show and a food court, but being so far off the beaten path makes it a victim of circumstance. Hopefully this place can keep its head above water until the north end of the strip livens up again. But stay here while you still have the chance. I've always had a great experience, and even though you're not in the middle of all the action, the only thing keeping you from there is an eight dollar 24-hour bus pass. Seriously, what's not to like?
Really enjoyed my stay. Old time Vegas attitude. Not super crowded and my room was large and clean. Enjoyed the buffet as well. In my opinion, the best value in sin city
Stayed her for only one night, was in town for the Les Miserables musical. Now the review is going to be all over the board! So lets see were it takes us?

First and foremost, I give it a 5 star just for it being a pet friendly hotel. Very hard to find in Las Vegas! They do charge a $25.00 pet fee, rooms are not that great! Right next to the pool. and all pet friendly rooms are smoking! I have seen a lot cleaner rooms elsewhere, but can not complain to much. 

BUT!!!!
Only reason why I we stayed at Riviera,
1) Closest pet friendly hotel near downtown, The Smith Center is in downtown!
 
I know, if we had stayed at La Quinta Inn. It would have be cleaner and far more better experience. 

Service at The Riviera was horrible, I tried calling before we arrived to see what time check in was! Took me more then 30 min to get a hold of anyone at the front desk! The hotel is more Pet tolerant then Pet friendly, very small patch of artificial grass gated area for your dog relieve area! Grass and concrete is very hot, water does not work.

The Riviera Hotel is well past it's prime, rooms are run down,  it's a good place for those bargain hunters! Located near the Stratosphere, in a area that as been trying to catch up with the rest of the strip.  

So, overall this place was OK! Might try somewhere else next time? But never know?
Our upgraded room was seedy. A few light bulbs out. Stains on the bathroom sink and counter but not dirt. The bed was comfortable. The sheets and towels white and clean. The bed covers looked too old. The room was fairly large. We requested two beds. Unfortunately they were doubles and not queen sized. The price was better than many and we stayed there based on Expedia reviews. We had already booked for the return trip so stayed there again. The room was much nicer. However, we will book elsewhere next time.
in one word, GHETTO came to my mind as I walked the casino floor.  I've never stayed here, but I've always have been enticed by the cheap prices on Vegas.com, but I'm glad I scouted the place.  I'd rather stay at LVH up the block.
Customer Service is really lacking. Room had no rags. Took them overnight to get me a toothpaste. $15 per night hotel fee forced on you, claiming it's for wifi and pool access. The halls were filthy as was the bathroom. If you're someone who just wants somewhere to crash and don't care, you can come here. Otherwise, choose somewhere else. No microwave for use in the whole hotel. R buffet has no takeout option.
I stayed on a rollaway for a night when a friend offered me a place to stay after I moved out of my house.  This casino is exactly how I remember it from like 10 years ago when I last stayed here.  Definitely good value to stay at the hotel, but not the best place to hang out.
The only reason I stayed at this hotel is because my husband is in a pool tournament and the APA pays for the room, otherwise I would NEVER stay here.

First, we waited for over an hour to check in and the rooms were overbooked. Guess what? We had to share a room with a single  king bed with another friend. Great!!
The room stinks, no microwave, no coffee maker. Shower is very short and we have to  duck under the water to get wet. 
Cheap toilet paper, sand paper thin towels, rough sheets, uncomfortable bed and pillows...
Oh, I forgot that even being prohibited to smoke in the rooms hall, the smoke smell is so disgusting!
Room service takes over an hour and most restaurant have crappy food and giant waiting line. 

I wish it was possible to give a 0 rate instead 1. Ugh!!!!!!!!!
Stayed here for 3 days and the stay was decent. Check in was slow because there was only 1 person working. The hallway was really dark and creepy. Finding the parking lot and valet was really confusing because we had to go around the building. I like the complimentary coffee but it comes with a resort fee of $15. The older valet worker was funny and helpful! He makes the place welcoming.
I like this hotel, especially they hv renovated the hotels... The casinos is start to become alive now... More brighter with lights, before it was just dark..and more restaurants in the hotel too.. So I like the improvements, and the rate is also amazing!!! The bed is super comfy, BUT..I notice one of my pillow case has holes on them!! WTH???!!!! Other than that... I love staying here! :)
The room was not clean by the time we cheeked in and we had to wait for someone to come and prepare it for us. The price is the only thing which is convenient to go for and nothing else. no service because the thousands of people at the entrance, but the fast chek in machines helps you to speed up the queue.
Thank you Jay! Mmmm... And can u do something about the Wifi connection!! I cannot get connected since last night, I hv told the front desk about it.. It keep saying unable to connect... The connection is really bad, and I'm already paying the resort fee for it? Please do something abt it.. Because of the poor connection, I cannot use my ipad to do any of my works stuff..
The worst customer service ever by the front desk manager and reservation agent.   I went to check in, the manager told me that I was suppose to be there a few days before.  I told him that he was wrong and he went into the back room and a reservation agent came out.   The agent tells me that he remembered speaking with me about this reservation.   I almost died right on the spot, I ask him, you really remembered speaking to me out of all the people you speak too?  He said yes, I ask him what day did I call in, he said a few days ago.  I ask again, what day, he told me Sunday.   I started laughing because I was on a plane all day coming back to California from Hawaii.  There was no way I could have spoken to him as the plane didn't have any phones on board.   They ended up charging the 2 extra days on my bill, but then I spoke to the VIP manager and he got it removed.   I will never ever stay at this hotel again!  NEVER!!!!!!!!!
I have been to Vegas several times over the years and I have visited the Riviera before but this was my first time staying there.  First off they would not honor the room upgrade voucher that they sent me a couple days before.  Once we got to the room there was a huge stain on the carpet  right in front of our door.  Once we settled in we decided to hit the casino floor and we got stuck in the elevator for almost an hour and the fire department had to come and get us out.  It was so hot in there and I had to keep my girlfriend calm because she kept fearing the worst.  Once were were out the woman who worked for the hotel rushed us downstairs and had us wait at a table for about a half hour then came out and apologized for the inconvenience and offered us a couple of free buffets.  She was none too friendly and when I told her that being locked in a sweltering elevator merited more than a couple of free buffets she got even ruder.  The next day I asked to speak with the hotel manager and a woman came out to talk to us and said that she was sorry and gave me another number to call (Lacricia I believe)  I called the number and her receptionist said there was nothing she could do and tried to put if off on the elevator company saying that it was not the hotels fault because they did not own the elevators.  I asked to have the hotel manager call me and I never recieved a call from anyone else.  Our room never seemed to get cool and when I mentioned it to the woman at the front desk she brushed it off.  I didn't realize it until we were checking out but the floor in front of the air conditioning unit was all wet where I had my dirty clothes and some of the colors bled together.  Needless to say it was not a great experience.  I am still shocked at the lack of customer service and the fact that not once person called to follow up with any of my concerns.
Thank you Jay! Mmmm... And can u do something about the Wifi connection!! I cannot get connected since last night, I hv told the front desk about it.. It keep saying unable to connect... The connection is really bad, and I'm already paying the resort fee for it? Please do something abt it.. Because of the poor connection, I cannot use my ipad to do any of my works stuff..
Come for a cheaper hotel option. Stay for [insert whatever reason here].

I picked this hotel mainly because it was a cheap. We were driving through Vegas and it seemed like a good choice. This place is not glamourous by any means. We stayed in the newer tower, which turned out to be just an average room. The older towers seemed to be the shitty part of the hotel. The stay was fine, but I was surprised that room service was open late night. It seemed like the whole hotel/casino became deserted after a certain hour. This compared to other hotels where shit is always happening. 

This place is very kitschy, but not in a charming or endearing way. You are constantly bombarded with famous celebrities that have performed there over the years. It became sad when you realize that there haven't been notable acts there in 25-30 years. It seemed like they were trying way too hard to say that they were once very popular. If they want to capitalize on their happening era in the 50s though the 70s they should just go all in with it. Don't use blown-up boring old photos of acts. Use original posters or reproductions of them. Have old music playing in the lobby. I'm not sure if they're trying to hard or not hard enough.
My boyfriend and i were very satisfied with our stay . 
Pros-
. It's only $64 bucks a night 
. It's right on the strip 
. They give you a coupon book that does give you alot of freebies 
. The staff are wonderful 
. The rooms are clean  
. Free tickets to the Comedy Club 
. $1 beers! 
. Pool is nice and clean 
. Taxi service is nice and orginized.

Cons-
. They do fill their rooms up fast so you may not get that king sized bed you wanted. 
. Try not to book near the pool if your a light sleeper they blast music at like 11 in the morning. 
. They don't have the best parking structure 
. No shampoo or conditioner! 
. The toilet paper is cheap. Lol. 

* I give this hotel a 3 out of ten cause you do get what you pay for. You don't go to McDonald's to get a steak. Personally I would stay here again. It was cheap, and pretty decent. : ) don't expect your room to be looking like Cesar's Palace . It's $64 bucks haha
This hotel was awful.  Rooms were dirty.  Toilet was broken.  Floors were dirty.  Dust was 4" thick behind the bedside table (which you had to pull out to find an outlet).TV was crap (not to mention no HBO). Cheap but so are better hotels in Vegas.
Compared to other Las Vegas Hotels:  3 Stars
For The Price:  5 Stars

For a Luxury Room (Note: GET a Luxury Room), we only paid about $30 per night.
That came with 2 free tickets to the Riviera Comedy Club which was HILARIOUS, free coffee every morning, and 50% off drinks at one of their bars.

The Room and Hotel were fine.  Nothing fancy, but not as bad as we expected.
Honestly we were pleasantly surprised there was a mini-fridge, working AC, plenty of toiletries, and a bucket for ice.  I guess it helps to have low expectations.  :-)

One thing: they never picked up their phone when we called, but their GM was incredibly responsive and helpful by email.  GeneralManager@theriviera.com

If you're heading to Vegas, short on cash, and don't plan to be in your Hotel for much more than sleeping, Riviera is a darn good choice.
I suggest to come on a week day. The room was only $30 for a clean, pretty decent sized room and on the strip (however we were coming back from Zion National Park in Southern Utah so any bed look decent compared to the desert floor). The only big complaint we had was the overwhelming smells downstairs but that's to be expected at every casino hotel. We ended up staying two nights and for the second day scored a coupon booklet that included free passes to one of the casinos comedy shows, free coffee, free bar drinks and a couple more things. The pool was nice but not CLEAN and full of sunscreen. Overall three stars but I recommend it if you are looking for a low priced stay, you won't be in the hotel much anyway?
When visiting Vegas on a budget, I normally stay at Bill's. However, it's undergoing renovations, so this time I decided to try the Riviera instead. The name of the game here, is VALUE. I stayed in the newer tower, and our room was clean and everything worked just fine. If you're like me, and don't spend much time in the room, that's really all you need. The staff were courteous, and I had no problems with any aspect of the stay. 

I will say that this hotel isn't in the best location...the cab rides to the better end of the Strip started to add up after awhile. But if you're partying at the Wynn Resorts, it's convenient. Bonus? It's next to the Peppermill! Forget Denny's...the Peppermill is what's up for quality drunk eats! I'd stay here again. You really can't beat it for the price.
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.

For starters, this is a "value" hotel-casino, as well as a "legacy" hotel-casino. If you're looking to spend as little money as possible on The Strip without caring about cleanliness, luxury, or options. Yes, the neon display is the best in Vegas, but that doesn't take away from how far it has fallen.

Sure, part of it has to do with The Great Recession and how it has impacted Las Vegas developers in their quest to replace the Stardust, as well as Fontainebleu Las Vegas's complete failure as a hotel-casino. But what I would have done is focused on renovating the hotel to make it the same sort of stand-alone resort where you don't have to leave the property to enjoy all that Vegas has to offer. But, nope, they don't do that. They have a pitiful mall food court as,  err, a food court.

I do like the pinball machines and arcade games in front of the casino.

What I don't like is how they advertise the best table odds in Vegas, yet they have blackjack that is even money or 6:5 blackjack, if you're lucky. At least they display the table rules at each table. Also, it looks like it hasn't been vacuumed or swept in years.

Unless this place can clean up its act (pun intended), the Riviera is going to be a thing of the past.
When we checked in I requested an upgrade, all they had were double queens for my husband and I.  The clerk seemed relieved when I requested the upgrade, she said the upgrade would be a "much" better room.  She gave us an option of pool "view" or outside view.  I asked her opinion, the clerk said pool view would be much better.  Our room was nothing like the photo; it was 3rd floor, very dated, the view was the backside of the satellite dishes.  The casino was constantly under construction, and the information desk was absolutely no help with questions regarding activities outside the hotel.  We attempted dinner at the "Steak & Seafood" restaurant and found we could not get into the restaurant without a reservation(the restaurant was half empty).  When we arrived back at our room at 7:30 this evening, no set up(maid service).  I gave the hotel 2 stars because the room was clean.  This hotel has no ambience, very boring, the pool has dead grass around it....we attend conventions twice a year in Las Vegas and will not be returning for another visit to the Riviera
Don't go. The average price might be less but if you are in Vegas, you are there for some good hotels. Why will you go to riviera?? Bed is bad, showers are worst, its worse than a motel 6. It doesn't have any strip view, its too far from the nearest attraction. The Casino is too small. You don't feel Vegas. Rooms have a bad smell. Parking is too far. Nothing to see. Not worth for Vegas!!

After the owner comments, I wish i could have given it half a star less. This is how Riviera is, this is how their customer service is. Again.. DO NOT BOOK RIVIERA!! The bed, room, toilet stinks.. not clean at all..
You get what you pay for....I went to Las Vegas to attend a industry trade show so I stayed there because it seemed like a good deal price wise. I did the the tweet and posting thing because of the promise of a room upgrade and Vegas Strip views...I got neither.  We had to wait in line for an hour to check in, waited 20 minutes in line at the Banana Leaf Cafe the next day for breakfast because they were understaffed - when we complained to a manager he told us the staff was doing double-duty. The room we were given was musty smelling and the mold in the AC unit ended up giving me headaches and a sinus infection.  The pillows on the bed were old and worn flat, the shower was a joke. I was told a room change was not possible because they were sold-out. I will never stay there again.
Presents themselves as cheap and on the strip, but it is not the good part of the strip and was very crusty.  Stayed for 5 nights and I don't think I saw anyone there really happy.  The crowd is older, the rooms were functioning fine, but VERY dusty and dirty.  No good restaurants (but it is next to the Peppermill which is amazing).  The thirty dollars we saved was lost to having to take cabs to get everywhere we wanted to go.  It was a half hour walk to Bellagio/Ceasars area.  If you do end up staying get the bus pass, but it takes about an hour to get from the Riviera to the other side of the strip.  My recommendation would be to spring for the couple extra bucks and stay at a casino in the heart of the strip.  Or if you are looking for value stay downtown at one of the Fremont Experience casinos.
Worst hotel ever! I made a reservation requesting a non smoking room.  Upon check in I was told all were sold out and if I wanted a non smoking room I would have to upgrade to a luxury room.  I advised the front desk staff my girlfriend suffers from asthma and I have horrible allergies.  They would not budge on the upgrade price.  I asked to speak to a manager.  I was waiting for 20 min and one never showed up.  Horrible service! I'll never be back.
Good hotel if you just want a place to stay when you are in Vegas. Its location on the end of the Strip is convenient if you are into walking a bit. If not - take a bus, it stops right in front of the hotel. 
You can get cheap and ok drinks at the hotel bar & the room was clean!
Oh no. I bought that room that's the room you give me! Not say oh hey now it's not available but I can PAY to get an upgrade for what I ordered?! Wtf no keep my money ill go somewhere else.
Looser hotel
Why would I talk to management at 2am exhausted, cranky and just need a king bed?! I mean I am traveling with someone who is 6'3! It doesn't matter what your policy is if a customer is disgruntled then you say I'm sorry with a smile not an attitude like I just killed your cat... You seemed like a sad cat lady... 
(FYI giving an upgrade, discount buffet, or gambling credits doesn't hurt anyone to have a happy customer)
I have experienced better, actually.

I mean, just walking this place and you can feel something is missing. It for sure needs renovation.

It's really not fair. This place opened in the 50's and you can tell it's iconic and has had many stars and amazing people walk through it's halls.

However, time has clearly passed this place over. The carpets are stained and dirty, the casino feels outdated. Even the shows don't seem to call to me.

I've made a conscientious decision to plant my ass in the hotel where I'm staying at (that's the whole point, right?) throughout my weekend trips; and so I didn't linger anywhere and stayed put here.

Upon check-in, the clerk gave us the wrong room number. We had some girls come with us in a different room and they gave us another horror story of a rude check in clerk.

When I tried to watch TV, I kept fiddling around. Found the porn channel and they were charging over $12 to view it. No thanks. Internet porn is free. Thanks.

So after roaming the casino, I found a bar that seems to be the reason why I gave this place an extra star. $1 beer. That's truly something special to have.

As for everything else. The food court is dismal and one friend told me the service was horrible at the Indian food place. The Banana Leaf Cafe was horrible as well. I didn't even bother with any of the shows because none of them appealed to me, unfortunately.

The R Steak restaurant was the only saving grace here as well. The only gem to be found and clearly a reason for you to visit the Riviera.

The pool was pretty neat, up until I went by the 3-ft area with the stairs to climb out and found a bunch of debris and a floating Corona cup. Not quite cool.

To make matters worse, my final night I ended up taking a walk towards Encore/Wynn, a hotel who clearly over-shadows the Riviera by a long shot. Upon entrance I can spot a difference IMMEDIATELY. There were so many beautiful women walking around and even if you took that away, you had people walking everywhere, it got so full at one point that we  almost got lost in the midst of it all.

Their nightclub 'Tryst' has more swag than the whole of the Riviera combined. And I HATE the word Swag.

Finally going back to my hotel in the wee hours and I just felt deflated. No nightclub to speak of, no night-life. Just old folks gambling.

Which brings me back to my original notion. It's not fair that an older establishment like this should be compared to by other more modern casino's. There is a certain charm to this place that should be absorbed. Unfortunately, in this day and age, I don't think that's enough to stay on par or ahead of the competition.
The Riviera is going down the crapper faster than a rancid tamale the morning after gorging at a stalled Taco Truck in Pacoima, yet I can't stop staying here!

Just got back from a quick trip to Vegas to see Elton John at Caesar's -- one of the greatest shows I've ever seen in my life -- and as usual I booked at the Riviera for the rock-bottom-bargain rates and walked everywhere on the Strip.

Anyone who has stayed here in recent years knows it's a no-frills, shabby relic from the Golden Era, who's remaining time on earth is in countdown mode, but that in its death throes retains certain redeeming qualities: like a disinfectant smell reminiscent of State Institutions and Psycho Wards, cocktail waitresses who average 70 years of age and 70 inches of waistline, a food court that makes Burger King look like a 5-Star Michelin Restaurant and a 45-90 minute wait to check in, while 3 self-serve check-in terminals sit blinking idly next to the never-moving line, unused, with no Riviera employee informing anyone that they can be in their room in 5 minutes if they use one of them. The machines actually print the room keys.

On this most recent stay, the hotel sank 2 notches closer to the quicksand pit with one spectacularly-horrible change-for-the-worse, and one less-spectacular one.

(1) The spectacular one is: The charming poolside coffee shop café is GONE!!! OMG how horrible, I LOVED this place. It was one of the only truly good things about the hotel. It now sits empty and abandoned. Today, if you want a casual table-service bite, you must enter a dank, dark, small, foreboding, repellent entity called "The Banana Leaf Café" or some such name, which advertises throughout the hotel that you can order breakfast, burgers and sushi. The awful-looking bar right up front, surely drives most families with children directly away. It is open 24 hours and looks like it spends 23 of them nearly empty. The few people I ever saw in there looked embarrassed, avoiding eye contact. Maybe they were hiding from the Metro Police. I never tried it -- on principal.

(2) The less-spectacular bummer: The poker "room" is gone. It was actually just a couple of tables, but I like to play and now I have to go elsewhere. I'm sure I'm better off.

This poor, sad hospitality-remnant known as the Riviera is on life support...really it's more like hotel hospice care at this point. Yet, the rooms are o.k. enough to go to sleep in and then you can wake up, leave and pretend you're staying at the better places you walk to and actually spend time at and you'll save beaucoup bucks in the process.
You get what you pay for.
I chose this hotel because it was the cheapest on the strip.  
When I arrived, I was told that all the non-smoking rooms were sold out and I would be put in a smoking room.  I was not happy about this at all.  The person at the front desk told me that the room is the same, should not smell like smoke and the only difference would be ash trays in the room.  It seemed I had to put some sense into that woman and explain to her, "of course the room would smell like smoke, the smell would be in all the curtains, bed linens and carpet and I have strong allergic reactions." I requested to speak to a manager, the attendant left for 10mins.  When she returned, she explained that I would be upgraded to a petite suite, non-smoking.  Honestly, I was greatly appreciative and gladly took the upgrade.  The room smelled "old", like it has not been used in years.  The room had an extra sink near the bed and the water backed up a few times (but did not overflow) and left a strong sulfur odor in the room.  I did not report it, because I came to Vegas to see the sights not spend time in the room.  
Advice: Bring Lysol spray and your own soap
I would recommend staying at the hotel if you just need a place to sh!t, shower, shave and sleep, but not hang out in the room and on a budget .
Comic Expo. Big area, clean, nice employees. The parking area is pretty small, ad the nieghborhood certainly isn't the nicest, but if you're there for an event it's ok.
This was by far the WORST stay at any hotel I have ever stayed at. The staff was rude, the customer service was a joke and the stay horrible. Upon arrival, we were refuse Valet parking because I have an oversized vehicle and it wouldn't fit in the garage and the valet didn't want to have to walk 20 extra feet to the oversized lot. Then in going to our room after waiting in a ridiculous line with only 2 people working the checkin desk, we noted an unbelievably strong smell of Marijuana in the hall where our room was located - a NONsmoking floor. When I mentioned it to security, they said they would send someone and it never happened. Then I complained tot he manager (Phil) who told be that because Nevada was a medical marijuana state, they had to be "careful" how they handled it but would address the matter. When I asked about it being a nonsmoking floor, he explained that smoking marijuana was not considered smoking and therefore was ok to do on a nonsmoking floor - are you kidding me? Smoke is smoke. when we returned yet again to marijuana strong in the hall, we handled it by making a scene in the hall about people searching for drugs for sale - it never happened again!!!!!! The motor cycle rally coming in was obnoxious and rude - making a point to rev their engines and blare to radios from 12 AM to 5 AM in the hotel drive. When calling the front desk at 3 AM to have them go address the matter, they states that they were coming in for a Rally and could do as they wanted - which was rude to EVERY PAYING GUEST TRYING TO SLEEP! Then on my last day there, the elevators went down. It took 45 minutes to catch an elevator and I had to go up before going down. It was SEVERAL hours until they would allow customers to use the service elevators and because of the issues took 2 hours to get bell service. I will NEVER stay with this joke of a hotel casino again for ANY reason!
This review is for the comedy club only. I do not think they have their own page. However, they deserve to have their own. The comedy club is very fun, at least the night I went. The comedians were very funny, They don't compare to some of the greats, but the ones I saw warranted a spot on some of those short stand ups I have seen on comedy central. The show is also dirt cheap almost anyone could afford. As for the casino Rivera. If you are trying to decide whether to stay here or not. I would recommend not staying here as it is not quite close enough to walk to the strip, and the money you save will be paid for in cab fares. I would give the casino a 2.5 star. There are worse, but it is not quite good on location or luxury.
August- unclean filthy rooms. Promise of money off from room charges- fail 3 calls to get it solved.
October-rude staff, no notice of garage closing. Almost towed. Dirty rooms, and was overcharged on the room. Will never return ever!!!!!!
My friends and I stayed at this hotel because it was one of the cheaper hotels in the area. As the saying goes you get what you pay for.   The beds were comfortable enough albeit a little small for 2.  When we arrived the hallway smelled like weed but the smell went away  eventually.  Housekeeping did a good job cleaning and left us an extra roll of toilet paper which was nice since we had a large group.   The room also had a safe which is a plus. Also the elevator from the parking garage started shaking going up,  it was a bit alarming.
You know, I don't give a lot of single star ratings. Honestly this is the first time i've wished I could give a no star rating. I've lived in CA for years, and made many many many many trips to Vegas as it's not far away. I've stayed in hotel all up and down the strip, state line and even off strip. 

THIS HOTEL is the WORST I have ran into.

Seriously... what gives? Some of the now gone hotels from just past stateline... that no one really stopped in were nicer than the Riviera. 

I'm guessing that this mighty giant has finally just gotten old and needs to be torn down. I mean, their main attraction is an act I remember from the 80s. They let the room Frank Sanatra sang in rot with nothing happening in it. The hotel itself isn't very clean, and over all it's just a really sad experience. 

I stayed here for over a week for a convention I was attending at the Riviera. I have to say I was not impressed with their convention space either. It was limited, and wasn't a huge fan. 

The only redeeming quality surprisingly enough, was the Buffet on site. It actually was pretty decent.
Dirty, elevator seems like its going to break. Crappy service. But heck u get what u pay for!
My room wasn't available even though I booked it 3 months + ahead of time. They gave us a smoking room instead and if we wanted something else it would have been extra money per night. When we got into the room, it wasn't that clean, the sheets had a couple stains on them, there wasn't a refrigerator nor was there a microwave. When I called and asked about it, they gave me major attitude and snapped at me even though I made sure to be polite and nice when speaking, regardless that I was upset. The sink didn't drain and neither did the bath tub. It seems like we got the last room available because it was on the far end of the hotel and was the very last one at the end of a really long smelly hallway. Called house keeping for more towels and soap, never received them. 

For two nights and three days it was only $124, which isn't too bad. You get what you pay for I guess.
So I booked this hotel Wed-Sat with my husband and some friends. We weren't exactly "on a budget" but last time we came to Vegas we were NEVER in our hotel room so we honestly felt it was pointless to pay so much for really just a bed and a shower. I started reading reviews.. a bit obsessively.. because I was thinking, "omg... I have made such a huge mistake... we should have opted for a place with at least AVERAGE reviews..." because lets be honest, these reviews are horrriibblleeee! Well whatever, I didn't cancel because I kept telling myself "we will never be in there. we will never be in there." We checked in at 6pm with Sherry, who was sooo sweet and extremely professional! So there's one thing that was already looking up-- then we got our room keys and the nerves kicked in again. So we go to our room... we open it.. and ta-da! NOTHING WRONG WITH IT!!!! Solid win. For $50/night? Honestly.. I have no idea why people even complain... Red Roof Inns by airports aren't even $50/night... military hotels aren't even $50/night! YOU ARE ON THE STRIP OF LAS VEGAS PEOPLE. A bit far from the popular hotels but it is definitely walkable.. and there public transportation. It was NOT "luxurious" but the room did not smell, it was not dusty (I am highly allergic, so I would know.), the bathroom was clean, there was a mini-fridge... tv had limited channels but again, we were rarely in there. We would wake up, hit up the casino bar to get in on the $3cocktails then head to Peppermill for mimosas with our breakfast.. which was next door. ALSO, the slot machines were pretty "loose." I ended up just playing slots to fund my food and drinks for the day lol! I won over $100 on a couple of machines.. my husband and friend always played the Michael Jackson one, I always went for wheel of fortune and got lucky almost every time. 
Ok, now here's the thing. I went to see my friend's room (who was in the "old" tower) to see if the rooms are consistent.. and they are NOTTTT. His room DID have a funky odor... carpet was beige so you can definitely see stains all over the place.. but the room was bigger than ours. If we had gotten that room, I probably would have gone back to Sherry to get a room change honestly... that smell was a bit too funky for my taste lol. I honestly think that if you are not checking in too late or going on a busy weekend, you will get a great deal. It seems like the worst reviews on here are from people who have late flights and check-in after all the "good" rooms have been given away. I would also suggest to ask for a room at the Monaco Tower if available.
Bottom line, I would MOST DEFINITELY stay here again. We would walk the whole strip during the day, stopping by bars to keep up our "buzz".. cab it back to the Riviera and get ready for the night and leave again. I hope this review was helpful, and I hope that those who are having second thoughts staying at the Riviera will have a little relief lol. Also, you get free tix upon check-in for the comedy show.. it was pretty funny, I enjoyed it. 

**side note, one of our friends lives in Vegas and he said the area is not that safe for a female to walk around by herself at night.. although that should be the rule anywhere.. be a little cautious. we were. 

**oh, and the night before we left we got foot massages at one of those Korean places nearby.... best.. decision... ever.......
I want to give this hotel a decent rating for two reasons. First, because the housekeeping staff was responsive and delightful and also because the "renovated room" I stayed in did actually seem to be recently redone and it was fairly clean. These two points are the only reason I am not giving one star, because everything else about the hotel was awful. The hotel lobby and attached casino were dirty, old, and rather creepy which, of course, attracted dirty, creepy clientele. There were never enough staff members at the front desk so the line was always impossibly long and I witnessed outbursts by rude guests on several occasions. This is not the place I would ever recommend coming for productive business trips or relaxing pleasurable vacation. Yuck!
Based on the buffet
Free if you sign up for a players card! If your in Vegas ride the deuce up here and have a free meal! The food was good considering it was free... Even the drink is included!
Surprisingly less bad than I always imagined. Parking is a mess, but that is true of most of Vegas. The  part of the hotel we walked through was well maintained and even made for some awesome pictures. We had been up there to attend a costume wedding, with a small pre-reception reception in the couples suite. The room was quite decent sized and reminded me of a time share. It had a great balcony with a view of the strip.

Overall, the time there was decent and I would go back.
For the price, this is a 5 star hotel. It's incredibly inexpensive, and the location isn't all that bad. Sure, it's the north end of the strip, but it is ON the strip, at least. Plus it's right next to Wynn and Encore, that's pretty cool.
As far as the casino, it's rather small and dated. But it is clean, at least, and there's plenty of air circulation. Drink service was pretty spot on. We did most our gambling elsewhere, however.
The room was surprisingly modern. Carpet, beds, TV, furniture all must have been replaced in the last couple years i'd guess. I was quite happy with it overall. Had a nice view of the pool, and a lil bit of the strip.
As far as bang-for-the-buck, this place is tough to beat
Zero stars!! By far worst hotel, service, and most disgusting place I've ever been too! This place is awful and the customer service is twenty times worse!! Never ever will I return!!
Heard this place was okay if you just needed somewhere clean and affordable. So when I spotted a discount deal for $55 nt that they were offering so I jumped on it. 
The catch however is that the booking was non-refundable. I thought ok no worries if I need to cancel they'll just credit me and I can use it next time I head to Vegas since I go there at least 6 times a year. Well I did end up needing to cancel but when I called I was told there wouldn't be a credit! So beware of discount deals from this place. It's at the very far end of the strip and not worth the attention if they can't accommodate potential customers.
The hotel has a very confusing layout. Had to go to the back of the hotel to mess around with the parking. The parking garage is very small and confusing. The lobby was like entering a set of a 1970s tv show. Mirror chandeliers and out dated carpet. The check in line was very long and they only had 4 people checking guests in. I requested top floor and only got 17! I received 5749. I said there was no way that the room was on the 57th floor because the building didn't even look like it past 20 floors. We walked to the elevators which are beyond outdated. Scratched and scrapped up gold walls and Mirrors, doors and floors. I looked at the wall of buttons to push my floor and it had numbers 47-61? With arrows and other room numbers. I pushed 57 which is where my room was.  Got off and the sign in the hall said 17th floor but all the other signage says 57 but clearly we were not 57 stories high above the Vegas nightlife. It is extremely confusing and makes no friggin sense. That's all I ever heard the other guests complain about. The room we got was a "luxury" in the "renovated" Monoco tower. "Renovated is an understatement! I think the last time it was update was in the 90's. The carpet on the halls was stained. The room doors are an old wood type very dark and ugly. The room was worse. It smells like mold as door are you open the door. The room was certainly not "luxury" nor updated. The bathroom was terrible. Ugly old 1970's yellow bathroom tile and shower and old outdated bathroom fixtures. The shower head was the worst I ever had in a hotel. Everything in the room was dirty. The rugs the ceiling in the bathroom stains on the carpet. The desk and the pictures looked like it hadn't been dusted in years! The windows were absolutely disgusting and dirty. The view was pretty good except the view of the ugly buildings and dumpsters but overall it was a nice view. The bed was pretty comfortable I was surprised. The fridge didn't work and we had to tell them 3 times to replace it and they never did! We came one night and there was absolutely no parking! All the garages were filled and even valet was full! The one night we did valet the car it took almost 30 mins to get the car. And they were very short handed.  I didn't have any change to tip on me except a large bill so I went in the hotel to front desk and asked for change and the older lady told me no and I had to walk to the casino which was on the other side of the hotel to the cage to break it. Really? You can't give me some change? I'll never come back to this place. The casino was horrible. They advertise $1 blackjack and only have it On 1 table! Really? And they only had 3-4 other BJ tables but the min was $25. Really? The slots sucked and so did the players club which gave me a. $3.00 crappy shirt for joining and spending all my money in their hotel. The restaurants suck and are fast food places. Please update it. You can still have the history and old charm if you just update the dam place! Absolutely the worst! Save your time and energy and stay and play somewhere else!
If I could give zero stars, I would. We were looking for a deal for a last minute trip to Vegas. For $88 a night, The Riviera was the winner! We checked in and asked if there was an upgrade and they showed us pictures of the newly renovated rooms. For the price of the upgrade, it seemed like it was totally worth it! We made it up to the room and opened it... And we were sorely disappointed. The room was a little bigger than the normal, but there were 2 full beds (not even queens), no couches (like in the pictures shown to us) and it looked like the decor from the late 80s/early 90s. In the morning, when we took showers, the shower head was broken on the side so when I got out of the shower, there was water EVERYWHERE. After we came back to the hotel, our beds were made and we got new towels but the housekeeping service was bad. There was donut pieces on the floor left from the day before, they threw our complementary toiletries on the counter and they didn't throw away our trash! I mean, come on! All we did the whole time was complain. Broken drawers, bad sheets, horrible pillows. Needless to say, we will never go back to the Riviera again.
Maybe we just lucked out, but my friend and I have had a great Veterans Day weekend here at the Riviera. Front desk staff was friendly and efficient. Valet guys were cheerful and willing to help with directions. Even called us by name when we returned. Room in the new tower was spotlessly clean, beds very comfy, smoke free and fridge as promised. Pool was closed but we learned that's pretty standard this time of year. The filets we had at R steakhouse were wonderful, and the free comedy show was entertaining. Yeah, the place is dated but we had no complaints. Maybe it's karma. Being nice to people never hurts.
Not terrible for the price. Our experience is best summed up in a list of Pros & Cons.

Pros:
-Wicked cheap! If you are looking to go to Vegas on a budget and don't plan on spending a ton of time in your room (who would in Vegas?) it's worth considering.
-Comfortable beds.
-Great fitness facility - equipment is new and the view from the 12th floor location is great.
-Good restaurants on site.
-Freebies! We received a coupon book with some great discounts to shows and restaurants on site as well as two free tix to the comedy show which was awesome!

Cons:
-While they play up the retro/classic angle quite a bit the hotel is old and outdated. If you are looking for a new hotel or a themed experience (a la a Luxor for example), stay elsewhere.
-The bathroom in the room is pretty tiny. Really. Like peeing in a closet. I had to shut myself in and sweat it out while blow drying my hair because otherwise my elbow was hitting the door.
-Parking is a big issue. We had a rental car and drove to several casinos while in town, not having any problems parking in any of their garages. It might be beneficial for the Riviera to look at expanding their garage or designating it for hotel guests only. After spending a day out and about the Vegas area I was incredibly annoyed that as a paying guest upon my return I had to go and park in the convention center's ramp and hoof it back to the hotel after a long day. The Riviera's garage and all adjacent lots were completely full. Well, at least we thought it was full. Although parking attendants were directing traffic away from the garage, it appeared that there were plenty of spots open outside of the valet area. 
-Your Do Not Disturb sign means nothing. When staying at a hotel, unless I plan to be there for five days or more I usually forgo maid service. This particular trip we were staying only three nights, so I set out our Do Not Disturb sign. On our last night there we arrived back at our room to find our Do Not Disturb sign missing and our room "cleaned" (I use quotation marks because other than the beds being made and clean towels being put out it really hadn't been touched). Not only that, but we requested late check out (noon) for the next day and then had a maid walk into our room at 8 AM! Then again right at 11! This is the situation I was least happy with. Be advised that your Do Not Disturb sign is not a guarantee and anytime you are in the room it's best to put the chain on the door. I was going to discuss this with the desk upon check out, but the line was so long that we simply dropped our keys and left. 

If not for the parking and the issues with housekeeping I would have given Riviera three stars. Overall it's not bad for the price - great if you are trying to do Vegas on a budget, but don't expect a perfect experience.
If you can get the upgraded rooms go. If not pass. The upgraded rooms look and sleep nice. The older ones are shabby. i would avoid them. This is a nice cheap hotel north strip. If you are on a budget i would check out prices here. They are uaualy on the inexpensive side compared to others.
Worse Customer Service PERIOD! Never come back here again! From front desk to Manager they are all rude. We got the luxury  room booked with 2 double bed. They gave us King bed and my mom end up sleeping on folding bed. Talk to the manager if she can move us to another said NO. Once you get a room, you will never able to move to another room. When we got in the room, the bath tub has 2 long hair! DO NOT BELIEVE the Hotel Amenities: saying they have Sauna, Steam room. NO,  THEY DO NOT HAVE THOSE. I would recommend downtown hotels or the expensive hotels.
Came down here for some gambling on a recent trip and had a great time.  The staff was incredibly friendly, and I got a free t-shirt.  The only thing was the first time I came in, the heat was almost unbearable!  I came back the next day and was fine.  Played some blackjack and won a ton of money, which was good.  They have a few good blackjack tables, watch out for the 6:5 blackjack, they're awful.
So much for the idea of seeing a show, it was more like listening to a show. DO NOT SEE SHOWS HERE!!!!!
I can't even begin to describe this evening...  First, our reservation was cancelled by the internet company we booked with....  Luxury rooms in the newly renovated Monaco Towers ---  hmmm...  That was the first scam.

Then, given a room, opened the door only to find it occupied.  No sorry, but moved to another room, with a promise they would be calling security.

Get into the room, tired, worn carpets with quite a bit of dirt... But topped off when we discovered "semen" stained sheets.  We will be moving tomorrow,,

Stay away!
The Riviera hotel in Las Vegas has been the worst experience I have ever had in Las Vegas... The reservations clerk was friendly and made arrangments for a "pet room" so we could bring along our injured cat. When we arrived to check-in, they refused us a room and told us that cats weren't allowed on the property. When I told them that I had been promised (and booked) a room several days in advance and had been given assurances that my room would accomodate my cat - the front desk manager got rude and snotty with us, refused to discuss/assist us and refused to let us talk to a higher up.  This is unacceptable and I am amazed that not only is it a run down dive, they have no concern whatsoever about the guests that provide their income nor do they have any integrity whatsoever.
I highly encourage anyone with pets (or without for that matter!) to go across the street to Circus Circus or to the nearby Hilton.
Over the last two years, I've gone to Las Vegas 4 times. I've stayed at the Wynn, Harrah's, Excalibur, and The Riviera. Obviously the Wynn is the most luxurious and newest and loved my stay there. Other than that, the Riviera has been my favorite. The staff member that checked us in was great, funny, and quick. We didn't wait in line long. 

Once we got to the room it was the perfect size. There was even a maid/cleaning staff person that greeted us and told us to contact her if we need anything. No staff member has ever done that at the other hotels. The bathroom was a little small but it was just right for two people. The only negative was that a hair was laying across the shower floor which was a bit gross. 

The casino itself is a little outdated but what do you except from a casino that was built in the mid 1950's? There were few food options. I will say that the worker that was selling pastries and coffee at their small kiosk near the back elevators was bit rude. I was standing waiting there to get a slice of cheesecake and she ignored me while she talked to another staff member. I left and went across the street to McDonalds where I got better service. 

I like the cheap price of this hotel and all the coupons they give you. It's not as packed as other casinos and it does not reek of smoke like Excalibur. If you just want a place to sleep and shower, this is the place. If you want luxury, go somewhere else.
Well i will say first off that I have stayed at this hotel before and I thought it was decent for the price and age. Is it a luxury stay as if you are in the big name casinos on the strip? No, but for the price it is not a bad place. The last trip to Vegas we got a Groupon deal which was nice. However; after watching numerous episodes of #HotelImpossible it has made my attention to detail a little better. Overall the room was clean but the cabinets and picture frames look as if they were not dusted in a few weeks or better. The bathroom was clean by a child's standard but it could have been done a bit better. Outside of that it was clean enough for me. The only other thing i would say is that when i asked for a few extra towels for the room i was challenged and given a hard time before receiving the towels. The casino was clean, but a dated and the drink staff were great. Would i go back? Definitely, it is in  a decent location within walking distance of other casinos and the convention center and the pricing is good.
I recently stayed here on a recent trip to Las Vegas. I have to say that it is a great deal especially for being near the Strip. Although it is the strip, but not at the core, where the other megaresorts are at, however it is still a prime location to be near those resorts and different places to go have fun. The Riviera is in fact the oldest casino and resort on the Strip, which means the facilities are a bit dated. The hotel room was decent, but a bit dated. I guess the hotels need a bit of renovating and freshen up. I understand they may be losing money, but I guess if they can offer some good new rooms with some accommodations to keep prices affordable can be great. I mean $34 a night is not bad on the weekend compared to many places on the Strip that can charge a lot more. 

All I have to say is the price you pay is what you get and pretty much if you are looking for a room without the many amenities of the megaresorts, this is the place to go to. I actually liked this place and would definitely stay here again.
Service was great,rooms were clean,we had to call room service in order for them to bring us some more towels. They didn't clean the room while we were away on the strip which could be a good thing and bad thing. But overall great service. I'll only recommend that they put in iPod docks so we can listen to soft music while taking a shower or unpacking.
So, like any person plugged into the 21st Century I read all the reviews and was instantly nervous. But thank god I have a mind of my own.

This hotel is really cute, old fashion and has a lot to offer those with little to no expectations. 

My best friend  and I stayed in a deluxe suite, which was really big and nice, and also had a view of the strip. Although there was a hiccup with our reservation, I still give this hotel 4 stars. The casino was okay, I had fun in there.

Basically, this hotel is inexpensive, and cute. I think what makes it "trashy" is the people who frequent it.
Also, don't listen to the angred folks down below- if you want a Hilton experience then go to the Hilton.
Had two rooms: #3335 & #3338 in San Remo (old tower), no bed bugs. #3335 had ripped wallpaper, mold in bathtub, hard to press button on thermostat, door needed some luck to open, carpet is old, beds were comfortable, water temperature not controlled- hot water extremely hot, there is a duct tape on the side of the TV that's marked "good", there's no keyboard in room, beds are double not queens, same can be said for #3338. 
Pool had debris on the floor near shallow end but enjoyed their "beach party" feel of music blasting, wear slippers near pool concrete is extremely hot during day, perfect around 9am because pool is surrounded by hotel towers. Parking is confusing at first coming from Las Vegas strip because hotel registration is on back on paradise road.
1. Very easy to connect to wifi in room which is a plus. No wifi throughout the hotel though. 

2. Very big but dated room. My room had a old school thermostat, drapes, and a school-style toilet with x sinks. It had 1970's tile everywhere. Shower didn't feel like a power wash but could have been taller and stronger. I guess I got a truly classic Vegas room! 

3. Very good value for the money. Parking is a pain and check-in took forever but you get what you pay for. This hotel always has some of the cheapest rooms on the strip. 

4. No more buffet when you sign up for the players card! You get a free t-shirt instead!
I think if you stay there for free you're paying too much, another thing if you book 2 rooms together good luck you'll never get it in that place, and try to reason with the front desk and don't even bother asking for a manager to talk to, I think you better respect yourself a little bit more and go to a nicer hotel
Not memorable.  Across the street from the nasty filthy Circus Circus.  Nothing around it.  Nothing in it either.  Small casino that you get bored with quickly.  No valet.  Must be the only casino in Vegas without one.  Parking is far away.  Why would anyone come here?
Literally the saddest place on earth. Booked online ahead of time. Was told when we got there that our reservation was a "suggestion" and there were no king beds and no non smoking rooms. BUT! For more money we could get the room we booked- sans the king bed. Sigh. This place is at the end of the strip... There is nothing down here (besides the taco place- gordo?? Idk). I get that this place is historic, but that's no excuse. The rooms were awful, really a photo means a thousand words so check mine out. Listen. Just don't stay here. You're in Vegas... You deserve better baby.
I stayed here for 2 nights using Casablanca Express as my travel agent.  It was super cheap! I paid $25 (after all my stacked discounts) total. For the value, this definitely deserves 4 stars.

My experience: As soon as I drove into the parking lot I knew it was going to be ghetto. I mean, come on, the parking lot was hidden in the back and a guard was checking people. Anyway, I enter and there is a long check in line. I'm not complaining but it did take a while for me to check in. 

I stayed in the "new" Monaco tower. Overall my room was very clean and the hotel performed good house keeping services for me. There were no stains on the furniture or walls so that's good (I saw the white stained chairs in some yelp pics and that's why i'm mentioning it LOL). 

Pros:
-CHEAAAPPP!!!!!!!
-clean (Monaco towers at least)

cons:
-its on the strip, but not really (end of north)
-creepers everywhere 

I would stay here again only if I paid a price similar to what I paid for this trip. This place is a good place to just shower and sleep, but not to stick around and do anything else.
Stayed here the day before New Years with fiancee and sister and her fiance. The rooms were nice and average size. Bathroom was very small but we made it work, vanity was actually located outside the bathroom which helped when getting ready. The parking is hard to locate, going through the front entrance I went around three times (it was a bit confusing to get to the additional parking). The additional parking was located in the back of the hotel approx a block down. I like the old Vegas feel and this hotel has it... brings the history of Vegas to the strip. The staff was wonderful and very friendly. Very impressed with the attentiveness of the staff, even as waited in line to check in they were offering bottle waters with the hotels logo for your comfort as you wait to check in. There are no good places to eat at this location and walls are very thin and I could hear my partying neighbors at 3am. Other than that I love the 70s feel.
This hotel is old and needs a lot of refurbishing.  The The decor is very old and looks very 70-ish not a great experience!  There is hundreds of places you can stay and get a better experience, you can stay in your car and get a better experience than staying at the Riviera!
Ok, there are WAY nicer places to stay on the strip, it is for sure nowhere near a 4 star  hotel (though they do have 3)
BUT, we got a free stay, only paying the $15 resort fee, that alone was worth the almost 3 hour drive to Vegas.
The rooms were huge and very clean.
Service excellent, check in a breeze.
We didn't eat, drink or gamble at the hotel, there wasn't any options that stuck out as needing to try, but location wise it is not bad.
Across from the Circus Circus and next to the Wynn, which we went to for drinks that night.
I wouldn't go out of my way to book this hotel again, but should it be the cheapest on my next trip and I am looking to spend more time outside than in, i would not hesitate to stay here again.
Free parking close to the casino, great views of the Wynn and the strip from my window, I have no complaints other than it is dated.
Booked thru expedia for 20 bucks plus 15 for resort fee (bs) What resort? First of all we arrived early so got to check in early so that was nice, they gave us a room in th Monte carlo tower receptionist offered us an upgrade to a remodeled room for an extra 15, we declined because we were only there for one night we got lost going to our room because the lady gave us the wrong directions, the nice security guy by the pool gave us the right directions. The room was def. outdated but for one night and the fact that we spent our time out in the strip didn't have to be stuck in that room. Slept well (alcohol helped) loud ac. Will only stay here again if its the same price and I'm staying one night.
Came to the Riviera for CES and I have to say it really is a decent hotel for business travel considering how most of the time I was out working anyway and the location was a fairly short walk to the LVCC which was great since the shuttles had horrible lines and 40 minute waits. 

The staff was always friendly both at the 3am check in and during the morning rush to check out.  While the building is old,  the rate is fairly reasonable and the rooms are decent. 

If you want a flashy casino,  then definitely go elsewhere,  but for a great value, the Riviera is great.
The check-in time is ridiculous!! I've had to wait several times for over an hour to check-in no matter what time of the morning or night it is. All the kiosks are down. For the same price I won't come back I'll just go to Hooter's. They have absolutely no waiting times. 

This is simply unacceptable. I know your a classic Vegas hotel but get it together!
Can't beat the price and it gives you a feel of Old Las Vegas! Clean and comfy beds also. In addition the wicked Vicky tavern is awesome.  Friendly bartenders and good food!
After reading alot of negative stuff about the Riveria I was quite apprehensive about my stay..
  When I arrived I used the quick check in on the machine no problem, easily beating the line of people waiting at the desk. The room #3243 in the San Remo Tower was good clean and we got room service everyday. As for the parking I parked in the multistory walked to the elevator which dropped you off on the opposite side of the road to the entrance. The maximum you would have to walk was about 200ft to the elevator then across the road at the bottom. Checked out on the machine in no time. All in all a great stay I would recommend the Riveria. Cannot comment on the food as I did not eat there, I did get a coffee and bagel which was good.
I feel like someone's enjoyment of the Riviera will depend on what they are planning on doing in Vegas. 

I do not have a ton of money. Going to stay at a hotel on the strip, like the Cosmo, where I would long to stay is unrealistic. The Riviera is cheap and for my friends and I, that is its most redeeming part. 

The room is small, there is nothing to eat there, pillows kinda suck, and my coax in the TV was loose. Damn everything about the $15 resort fee. But at least it was a home base. For the purpose of attending the convention center (CES for me) it is perfect short walking distance. 

If you're going better places to gamble and eat, and dont mind tracking back to a less than idea room, then come enjoy the price of the Riviera. Its not miserable, and its far from great, but enjoy your time outside the room!
This is a true dump! The registration staff is as close to the bottom of the barrel as it get! I am only staying here because of a stupid convention I'm attending here. This place blows!!!!!! It deserves negative stars!!!
Great value and easy to base from in LV.  Lines for everything .  Here is a hint for increased revenue Riv.  Don't make people wait in 50' lines for coffee, water, dinner reservs and check in.  Dollars are just walking out the door
Absolutely worst hotel experience of my life. I mean it was cheap, but seriously?! It's glory days have come and gone and this place needs to be imploded already. No coffee maker in the nasty room so prepare to wait in line at the Java Hut to wake yourself from the horrible nights sleep you just got. This place is on it's last leg. Help to put it out of its misery by not giving it any of your money...
Holy bajeezus this place needs a better star rating!!! Sure its a clash of eras!!! Employees around the entire place can be hit & miss as far as attitude/service goes but all in all its probably the hippest secret in town.  I've met cooler people & seen a way younger crowd here then any of the over a 100$ a night places further up the strip.   

Riviera is about 35$ a night (book orbitz its 18$ with a 15$ fee charge once you get to the hotel.  100$ DEPOSIT though so be prepared. I wasnt and my family had to be emailed a credit authorization form - print- sign and send it back via email.  After that they charged everything to my relatives card and I was in  :) 

Be prepared to wait at front desk though.  Their defintly understaffed - I tried to call the front desk and waited for 30 minutes before I decided to just physically go down.  Make sure you find out what floor and by what room your nearest ice machine is when checking in.  There is a airport shuttle but call to schedule the day before too! Front desk gives you the # to call from your room 8-444-1234.  

Bell hop locked up my bags twice for me! Their out front of the main entrance at the stand.  Their usually busy so if nooone shows up ask the little desk to the right of the main entrance once your inside ( great place to ask questions like where is the lost & found too)

I tried all the reastaurants and their decent.  GF beer and cider at Wicked Vickys.  24 hour Indian food in the court.  Awesome happy hour apps & drinks at the Steak & Shrimp joint. Plus the casino bar has 2$ wells and 1$ drafts. Im a rum/pineapple person...  great deal in my opinion!!! 

Theres a SAFE,  Mini. FRIDGE,  a Vanity and Mirrored doors in my room (9th floor Mediterranean South tower) PLUS their toiletries are organic!!! Flat screen. Tv and decent climate control/water temperature/ water pressure.  

Everything and where is clean!!! I never use a places towels or bed linens without at least my own sheet on the bed.  This place I didnt even bother using my own.  
Theres definitly a clash of eras - my fixtures/ windows are 70s/ curtains 80s and wall paper 90s.  The carpet is new and the older casino carpet still looks new. 

Theres some wear & tear here and there - but seriously its still luxury at the cheapest price on the strip.  

Ok so service - the first front desk lady,  a barista at the banana cafe,  a wicked vickys waitress and a few bartenders at the casino where h o r r i b l e staff!!!  But I dealt with two other front counter people,  shrugged off the barista and didnt tip the servers (wicked vickys other floor server got mamagement for me & they discounted my ticket- super clash of eras here too) 

Moneygram is within walkin distance to CVS - walgreens is the opposite direction.  Theres a awesome arcade by the food court.  Subway & Mcdonalds across the street  Ill be back!!!
My allergies were acting up everytime we were in our room. We noticed black mold growing in the shower stall. Then we pulled the pillowcases off the pillows  and discovered a horrible surprise. All 3 pillows were so old and stained with yellow. ????? Called front desk and was told mgmt would be right up, waited 1 hour and no show. So we left and checked out.  It rained in Vegas and we couldnt believe how many leaks the hotel had.  Management really doesnt seem to care here !!!
They get 1 star because of the 1 concierge guy that was friendly, otherwise I would give 0 stars if I could.

Where do I start?

1) Check-in took us 1 hr. Only 2 people were working the desk and the "self check-in" kisok was broken.

2) Finally made it to the room and it was freezing bc the 1980's style AC unit was on blast. Annoying, but not a deal breaker. Not until we took off our shoes and the entire carpet was damp, like Stanley Steemer was just there. Gross, who knows what soaked the carpet. All our bags got wet along with our socks.
 
Attempt #2. They upgraded us to a suite (score!), and everything was seemingly good until I sat on the bed and something poked me. THERE WAS A SAFETY PIN STICKING OUT FROM UNDERNEATH THE SHEETS. Can you say safety hazard? Who knows if the needle was infected with something (hepatitis, HIV or something else?!). I'm praying it wasn't.

Can't get worse, right? I went to shower and to my surprise, some curly little black hairs greeted me from the base of the tub! Gag. 

Guys, don't stay here. Just don't.
So, the long and short of the Riviera is that it's inexpensive, the rooms are clean and reasonably well maintained, and it's near the convention center.  Other than that, it's not much to speak of.  I booked my room well in advance, and neglected to check the rates a few days before my trip.  As it turns out, the rate I booked was a bit higher than what was available the day I traveled.  The front desk was not willing to adjust my rate, and the upgrade they proposed was about $60/day.  Not a show-stopper, but it would have been a nice customer service moment.  

The property is right on the strip, but at the moment it's located in somewhat of a dead zone, since there were a few casinos nearby that closed, a few projects on hold, and not much else.  Location-wise, it's great for the convention center access, a 15 minute walk, but the fun doesn't really start until you get to the Wynn, which is a few blocks away.  

The casino is pretty run of the mill, and more something you'd see downtown these days in Vegas.  They have no poker room, which was a big disappointment. Apparently the nearest poker room was either the Wynn (expensive) or the Las Vegas Hilton, just off the strip.  

I only ate in the hotel once, at the food court, and it was pretty lousy.  They do have a steakhouse that is supposed to be very good, however.  The convenience store they have is pretty well stocked, so if you forget something, they probably have it.  They have a pool area outside, but nothing inside; the pool would probably be a nice option in the summer.  This brings me to the resort fee.  $15/day, basically for so-so WiFi access.  They promote "free" use of the in-room safe, local calls, and the fitness center.  Again...just like the airlines...stuff we used to get included is now a la carte.  They provide a coupon book with a number of things you can get for half off, BOGO, etc.  I didn't find them particularly useful.  

Overall, the price is good, and it's certainly not scary, but if you're looking to have an elegant time in Vegas, this place probably isn't for you.  It's a relic of the "old" Vegas, and unfortunately it just can't keep pace.  If this place were downtown, it'd fit right in, but on the strip I think it's just biding its time before someone makes the right offer and it's torn down and replaced with something a little more modern.
Welcome to Vegas, one of the most scandalous cities in all of the USA, woooo!!

I have crashed at most of the other hotel/casino spots in Vegas that are a bit more pricey but I don't know why this hotel has a 2 star rating, I had a goodass experience. The room was clean, they didn't have bed bugs or any nasty weird stains or any of that. I mean, yeah sure the closet is bigger than the restroom but that's not a big deal I guess. The staff was decent didn't have a good not bad experience. The slots did me good, I won $90 within a half an hour on the slots do that's cool with me. It's fairly close to a lot of food joints and little shops and not that far from old town Vegas. The crowd was a mixture of people so that was cool too. The pools were drained that is the only real negative I guess. Anyway, I would drop by if I was ballin' on a budget.
This is by far the best deal in Las Vegas. I am address to even stay at other hotels because I have seen rooms that are over 100 bucks a night that are way worse than the Riviera, which ends up being about 10 bucks a night, 25 after resort fees. Large casino, comedy club with the occasional big name headlining, crazy girls topless revue, good court, restaurants, and amazing bar. The rooms have pretty new showers, and nice big flat screen TVs. Compared to a lot of other hotels at the strip with old CRT televisions. The self parking is huge, as is the rest of they building, they also have a tattoo place, ABC Stores and conference centers that often have fun shows and the like. I only give it 4 stars because it isn't exactly luxury, but it is definitely the best value.
I have to agree with all the other bad reviews. 

1.)Rooms are super old, but maybe you need to request certain towers. Did check for bed bugs because me and my daughter were itchy. But didn't see any.
2.)They double charged and now is taking me 3 calls to get refund so I think I'll have to dispute with my bank.
3.)Check in needs serious help in what's called customer service :/ they told me to come back to check in when as soon as I left they were checking in other guest. So I stood and watched for 10min and every single person was being checked in so I sent my husband and bingo we were in. 
4.) Empty pool was a bit weird to me.
Regardless of it being winter you do have resort fees!
5.)all I can say is you get what you pay for.
In my case I'm paying double so I end up paying what would of been a decent place.
The only way I would go back to the Riviera is to watch it get imploded to make way for another hotel. 

Here's why:
-Dirty, worn out, and tired (smelly!) Most of this hotel seemed broken. Elevator buttons, drawers in room, and perhaps my favorite, blood smeared on the wall of the walkway wall up to the parking. 
-Staff. They don't want you to stay there. At least, that is the impression I got. You are welcomed by a long line (I stayed for 7 days, and most of the time, the line was horrendous) Sure, other hotels have long lines too. But they generally have more than two staff working the front desk. I watched the people in front of me getting chewed out for asking about a tacked on fee, and I was next in line when I mentioned that I was disappointed that the internet didn't work despite paying a "resort fee" to use it. Reservation said it goes to pay for the internet, parking (which was PACKED) and some other crap I didn't use, but most of it wasn't working or available. Still, the $15 got charged. No apology or attempt to fix the broken internet.
-They ream you for EVERYTHING they can. You can't get to your room by being approached by a time share salesperson (they dont seem to learn) and even getting mail to the hotel (I forgot my license and had to have it shipped) had a $5 pick up fee. And, no, they don;t call you. 
-The hotel IS close to the strip, but its not a very comfortable walk there. Between the Riviera and the Encore there is a strip mall and parking lot that garners some less than favorable activity at night. Its not really a safe place to walk on your own after 10.
-Three classes of rooms, but they;re all crap in some way. I had a standard, and although it was outdated it was the largest room they have available of the three categories (per reservations) Unfortunately, the hotel lights shone right into my window. The luxury rooms are cramped, and the showers are AWFUL and don't get warm.
-Housekeeping does not understand the "do not disturb" thing on the doorknob. However, they are more than happy to make sure you do not miss the gratuity envelope by placing it in a new creative place daily. Just in case you don't notice.
-The pool is a joke. It was closed, but its small and very unappealing.
-Reservations is done by an outside service. They do not send good confirmation paperwork, don't have good hotel info, and don't necessarily get your reservation right. Good luck.
-Not family friendly. Of all the casinos, I found this one advertised their sex show the most and with the most explicit photo. Would hate to explain it to the kid in the elevator. Daily.

Do yourself a favor, and spend the additional $10 a night to stay at a more decent hotel. There are plenty of better choices.
I did not give this a four star rating because it's a true four star hotel. You get what you pay for and I got four nights very cheap, cheaper than I would pay for one night else where. Walking distance to the convention center. I stayed in a standard room. It was dated, not entirely clean and they need to vacuum the common hallway just a tad better. The check in line was not very long and it was the night before a large conference. Internet was slow but it was free. I wouldn't stay here with my wife but for a conference I would stay here again.
I stayed here during the Design and Construction Week tradeshow with some trepidation after reading several of the Yelp reviews.  All-n-all, I think it was an ok experience for me. I didn't run into long waiting lines like many people complained about and the staff was very helpful and friendly.  There were some things they can easily improve on though.  For starters they could have nicer bathing soap in the rooms.  It takes half a bar and half an hour to take a shower, but the water was hot so that was a good thing.  The bars and restaurants in the casino need to upgrade their  wine list.  The list were just mediocre at best.  One place only had one white and one red.  Beer or hard liquor were better drinking choices.  My friend was in a much older part of the hotel with the original room fixtures and her experience was not as good as mine.  I think for this hotel you probably should plan on staying in an upgraded room.  It cost a little more but is still under $50.00 a night.  My friend  had problems with the heater and hot water whereas I never did.  So, you may wan to spend just a few more dollars on the room.
Stayed for a week in the newly renovated section of the hotel. Not bad; only complaint is the air conditioning unit sounded like a 747 taking off when it would come on... Got used to it after a bit. Very clean and convenient.
If I could give them 0 stars, I would. You pay a mandatory resort fee of $15 a night that supposedly goes to pool, internet access, parking, fitness center. Their pool is closed until April (not like I would use their dirty pool anyway), parking is impossible to find,  the internet is spotty. Now I have to visit the nasty fitness center to get my $15 worth of this stupid resort fee. I just hope I don't contract anything from the machines. Look, I don't mind paying a resort fee if I feel like I am getting something out of it. In other places I paid higher resort fees and I had access to an amazingly clean fitness center, a great pool, good internet service and hassle free parking. 

Never staying in this lame hotel ever again. The only reason we made the mistake of staying here this time was because it was a last min trip and it was the cheapest option, and we were trying to save a few bucks. I would have paid a bit more per night to save ourselves from the nasty smoky smell, the gangs of people that look like the dregs of a reality show, really thin walls, dirty rooms, shitty view, and dumb mandatory resort fee. On top of that when I asked the front desk about the resort fee and why I had to pay for it if one of these facilities were closed, she literally laughed and with an attitude, corrected me to tell me that it isn't an optional fee and that it is part of the hotel fee. Wow. I am glad she knows the difference between mandatory and optional. that wasn't my question.
Poor quality and customer service. Dirty.  Would never stay there again.
We had a 3 night stay here that was part of a promotion.
We expected a nice hotel with the name being well known.
We had an upgrade, which was probably good. Our room was ok. The biggest complaints were no coffee in the room. Together a cup in the morning I had to go to a coffee shop in the lobby and pay $3.75 for a 
large cup. The TV stations were very limited too 
The lobby area, casino and restaurants did not thrill us. I had one breakfast here that was just fair. Service was slow.
If you are booked to stay here by a promotional company make them out you into another hotel. CheckYelp, it is right more then wrong.

Needless to say, this will be our last visit here
This is ALWAYS my go to when I am not trying to spend a lot of money on a room when I go to Las Vegas. 

***MAKE SURE YOU REQUEST TO STAY IN THE MONACO TOWER***

^ It's renovated tower ^ with better rooms the beds are really comfy everything is clean updated and the shower is hot.

It's a little far down on the strip but if you aren't lazy it's a 10-15 min walk to just about the middle of the strip or you can walk to LVH which is next door and take the monorail (which is what I normally do) or if you don't mind spending the money take a $10-20 cab ride. 

The place is huge so make sure you follow the signs above you or just ask someone who works there. I never had an issue with the staff I've stayed there 3+ times and will continue going back. 

The wait time to check-in is long if you check-in after 3pm but so is pretty much EVERY hotel on the strip so just expect to wait a little bit. There has been a few times where I was able to check-in early 11am-1pm or so with little to no wait time and they let me just depends on how booked up they are. 

I don't eat at their food courts because I usually eat elsewhere. But there are a lot of places close. Vegas strip isn't a place to be lazy or nit picky about things because as the old saying goes "you get what you pay for"


Definitely recommend staying here but like I said make sure you request to stay in the Monaco Tower.
My father recently rolled into town and I asked where he was staying, when he answered the Riviera, I got really snobby and was like, ew. Then I paused to think, when was the last time I was in the Riviera? It could easily have been a decade.

When I arrived, I felt more like I was in a downtown casino. The Riviera still has that old Vegas flare. It was old, reeked of stale cigarettes, but there were portraits with dates and famous people (Elvis and the like), and you remember this is where the stars came. This is Vegas as they knew it and loved it.

When we arrived to his room, I was surprised at how clean and updated the accommodations were. Flat screen TVs, this was no Motel 6. The room was clean and neat and didn't have that damp nasty hotel-y smell that one might experience, say at the El Cortez.

There's really nothing that draws one to the Riviera, it's an outdated properity that lacks a nightclub or cool/hip/trendy lounge/restaurant. They have a comedy club (locals only pay $10), a few restaurants, and just a little pizzazz. The Riviera is A-OK and true gem in my book.
This place SUCKS. if you want $1 tables and no wifi, come here. Otherwise, it's crap. Off The main strip, crap service and HORRIBLE everything, you found your hotel. White trash everything. If you respect yourself, don't come here. Coming from a broke guy, most of you white trash peeps will love it. Don't be cheap, get a GOOD hotel.
Can't give it full 5 stars because for a classic casino hotel it hasn't kept up to date with their decor. However, for an older casino, they keep their hotel rooms quite clean. The mattresses, sheets, and pillows are comfortable. The bathroom is dated with an old tub, faucet, sink, and flooring. The bathroom door interferes with the sink when attempting to open the door fully.  All in all, for the low rates, comfort, cleanliness, and convenient location on the strip it's a winer for affordable short stays in Vegas. Who stays in their hotel rooms when in Vegas for short visits anyways? You're in Vegas, go have fun and explore!
if you want CHEAP ROOMS this could be the place ...just be prepared to bend over for anything else...breakfast buffet is mediocre at best and it's $16.99...go next door to the Peppermill and get REAL FOOD
Slot and poker pay backs are the worst in the valley, best described as rob and pillage because it certainly isn't gambling

I'm a local and I know when I'm getting shafted, video poker min pay in $20 w/ max play to qualify for a $1 draft beer....in over a year I actually broke EVEN TWICE!!!

I now play elsewhere and experience true Vegas Value
We stayed here pretty cheap. We were in the Mediterranean Tower and it was vwery clean and nice. No smells or problems that I could see. There is no real view except the clown from Circus Circus. Room service was quick and efficient. I would definately stay here again and I have never stayed at the same place twice in Vegas. Thw casino itself is another story.
Looking for a fantastic deal in Vegas? This is your place. 

I'm local, and I've stayed here more times than I can count. You can get a great deal on weekend rooms here, but make sure it's in the renovated wing of the hotel. The rooms are clean, smoke-free, and include modern technologies and amenities (large flat screen TV, iPod dock, etc.). You won't find a better deal for this anywhere on the strip. 

It's not in the greatest location if you are a tourist on foot- I'll admit that much. But it is next to the best spot to eat in Vegas: The Peppermill. Don't stay at the Riv without eating here. It's also a B-line to downtown and a hop skip and jump onto the freeway. If you are driving, it's in a great area to bypass the strip traffic. 

Granted, there isn't much to do in the Riv. But, if you are lucky, they'll have someone good playing at their historic comedy club. I've actually seen a lot of good acts here. Also, take a moment to visit the Queen Victoria Pub or the friendly bartenders in the lobby bar by the club. 

Yes, it's old, it aint that pretty, and it smells like smoke, but isn't that Vegas?
I revel in the fact that this casino is outdated and untouched by the renovated glitz of the strip. If you are expecting Cosmopolitan grandeur, than skip this one instead of being a cheap ass and giving this casino a bad review.
This piece of prime real estate needs to be torn down and revitalized.  The hotel is in terrible shape....think motel 6.  The casino is not fun.  I spent all my time at other locations.   The staff seems defeated by having to work in this dump.  Only the doorman hailing cabs was able to rise above. There is no reason to stay here.
I am only putting one star because apparently I have to give a star even though this place is not worthy of any stars.  I have never had such a horrible experience.  First off we booked 3 rooms and we asked to have them together well we were on the same floor but two of the three rooms were decent sized and ours was a damn cracker jack box in the corner of the building and all the furniture was broken.  Then I call to ask them to move me and I got the rudest front desk manager who proceeded to tell me there was nothing he could do and he couldn't move me because it was after 1pm even though I had just checked in.  Then we get back our room after being out all day and this nasty ass hotel doesn't make your bed nor do they bring you new towels or anything else for that matter..and then they have the nerve to charge you a resort fee....REALLY!! 
I will never stay in this hell hole ever again!
Highly disappointed. Room was ok. You get what you pay for. We came for our wedding and the staff were obnoxiously rude. I could understand if we were rude first but we weren't. From the front desk to the manager they all had a horrible attitude. I wouldn't recommend to anyone
I stayed in the hotel as part of a promotion by attending a presentation for a resort. Riviera is old tacky and lousy. We stayed in the non smoking suite. The carpet and room in General were disgusting, the furniture and decor was tacky. 

The bedroom was nice but the sitting room was tacky 

I would NOT stay here unless you have no other choice like me - there are so many other amazing hotels on the strip with good deals don't stay here unless you have to
I had no problems, the beds were super comfy, I stayed 1 day shy of a week in the Monaco tower. I heard the rest weren't so great. Plenty of places to eat if you get hungry especially near by. Valet parking in the back did a great job!
Not recommended.  For only a couple bucks more I could have gotten into a much better hotel on the Strip. Regret the buy and won't make the mistake again.
I was staying at the Hilton Grand Vacations across the street and down a way. I ended up gambling at the Riviera every day. Most bartenders at the poker bar are very nice and helpful. Many of the dealers are just nasty! James and Bruce are awesome. After losing hundreds to Tang, without even a smile, I wonder why anyone would keep going back to 3 card poker. If I was with the guys and not my family, I would never play here!
Probably the worse place I've stayed at in Vegas. The only reason we did stay here was because our cheap friend had a room. Omg worse decision ever. Even though its dirt cheap, it is not convenient and not worth it. This place is pretty much a dumpster. It is close to the strip, but not close enough to be walking around. Probably will never stay here again unless all the other hotels on the strip are booked.
Stayed a week in a one bedroom suite in the Monte Carlo tower. I arrived late, called in and my room was held for. Nice and clean room, only issue is the outdated and torn furniture makes it look tacky but I get it to keep up with the legacy. I called for an extra blanket, and to have my toilet fixed. Was fixed right away. My room was cleaned everyday.  I ate the R and steak during happy hour was good. Ate at the banana leaf that was good. Was it worth what paid for, It purpose was served for me to lay my head at flexible hotel while on my vacation.  Wi-Fi worked, was slow one day I assumed due to maybe an overload of useage. Pool was opened but I didn't get in. The flat screens TVs work, so did the iPod dock. the showers was clean, the hot tub was as well.
The Riviera has really gone down hill. From the air conditioning that shakes the whole building, making it feel like an earthquake may be ocurring, to the $4 cup of Pepsi filled with ice that, when it gets accidentally spilled by a sober person, is not replaced, this place utterly lacks class, style and customer service. It is clear (and it has been verbally expressed to us) that the employees don't even like working here. The Riviera is a huge rip off - don't come here! The casino needs to be ripped down - good riddens....
Room was comped--  free.  Can't beat that.  Room was clean as was the bathroom.  Nothing fancy, but absolutely satisfactory.  It is a bit out of the way from the main part of the strip.  Would like to be closer to the other major hotels/casinos.

Saw the Illusions show.  Theater wasn't the best.  Mostly padded chairs on a couple different levels.  It would have been nice to have been in a better theater for this great performer.

WiFi was free!!!  Not sure what resort fee everyone was talking about. . .  I had $0 on my credit card when all was said and done.  Yes, the Riviera is old, but I can't complain.  Nice trip with my aging parents!!
Well the saying " You get what you pay for" is certainly true!  I have been here in this hotel for two hours and have already been more than ready to leave! Having to wait in a long line for 30 minutes in unacceptable just to check in. We arrived in our room to find dried urine all over the toilet seat a ball of hair on the floor big enough to make a wig and a large beer stain on the carpet that was still wet. I called the front desk and asked for the manager, and received his voice mail. I informed him of the problems and he assured me that room service would arrive to fix the situation promptly. Well 2 and half hours have passed and the mess is still there. I did win a $1800 jackpot and had to wait for a hand pay and that took 45 minutes~!!!! READY TO MOVE UP THE STRIP!!! This place is a mess!
p.s. bring a flashlight to see in the halways its really dark out there
i stayed in the luxury room here and it was not bad. I would say it is an okay place. the room was nice but the hotel is quite small and far away from the main part of the strip if you are walking. I heard they have remodeled lately and I did receive a newer room.
Experience here this past weekend was just horrible. Booked rooms through hotel.com a month in advance for the Riveria. Check in was great with Cesar who gave us a bit of an upgrade to the new remodeled rooms for only $23 for the weekend which had more vanity space in the restroom and equipped with a fridge. $16.80 resort fee PER night.

Walked into our room only to find out the toilet and fridge wasn't working. Called the front desk and 1 hour later, no progress. Decided to walk down to front desk and they told me someone is coming up. 30 minutes later, nothing. This happened twice.. so for a couple hours we were without a working toilet and fridge. Maintenance finally came to fix the toilet, then we got a rolled in fridge because they couldn't fix the one in our room. Our tv was sometime clear and sometimes the waves of static would come through. Horrible service here but I guess you can't expect too much from a run down hotel. You get what you pay for right?

Think twice before booking!
This review is for the hotel only. I really liked this hotel. It was modern and clean. It is very big which was somewhat overwhelming. The check in line was insanely long!! Luckily we noticed two machines over to the side of the check in desk that check you in and give your keys right away if you already have a reservation. Amazing.
it was cool except security asking to see my room key when im trying to take the ladies back to my room
The best way to greet guests----with a Smile!
We upgraded to a suite and that only added $18 to the tab. Glad we did...very, very big and plenty of room for 3 women to get ready in.  We had a hugh, comfy bedroom with two kings, and a front room/bar, with an extra half bathroom...that's where the comfy part came in.No waiting!

Everything was very clean, and some of it updated, but the marble kinda dated it.  But still, comfy.

The stores and casino and restaurants are very old school, but still nice.  Only major complaints? Lot's of the gym machines either didn't work, or were kinda outdated.  And not many to go around. And the pool was CLOSED! It was in the 80's and 90's and you couldn't jump in the pool! Just not fair. Keep it open! 

Nice if you're not going to be hanging at the hotel most of the time, but next time I'm back to Ceasars.
This has been the most disgusting experience in my life!! We over paid $288 for two nites. Smelly carpets,bad plumbing water doesn't go down in shower or sink, the window opens  all the way no screen  anyone can fall out from fifth floor. Bt most of all my hubby and I got bitten all over from bed bugs I couldn't take the itchiness at 5 am I had to complaint and switch room at 6am. Asked for rubbing alcohol bell man said they don't carry any. At 11 am we have to  check out it 7 am and I'm still awake smh!!!! Then I find out 3 other people had same problem !! And the new room was dirty wit feces in toilet !!! Omg so disgusting and floor was full of cigarette ash and trash it was never vacuumed Wat a waste of money!!
I have always stayed at the more modern hotel/casinos closer to the airport. We thought we would try an old school casino for a change. The price was great, it's not that far from the new strip or downtown. We stayed in the older section of the hotel, which is dated. The restaurants in the hotel are poor to marginal. The pool is pretty nice. This hotel needs a lot of work, and it seems to have had better days in the past. If your looking for a place to crash for a good price, or an old school casino this is the place. I would stay here again.
This is an average hotel with great customer service. Stayed here because we got 2 free nights and needed an inexpensive deal for an additional night. We were in town for a LegalShield Convention. We stayed in the newly renovated tower and the room was clean. No coffee pot in room but there was a refrigerator. There were not  many bathroom essentials such as shampoo and lotion, but I called for some and they brought them with no problems.  Great hotel for the price if you are looking for an average room on the strip that is not a dump. The staff were friendly and helpful.
Horrible experience Don't stay at this hotel! 
Front desk manager is terrible Clarissa
Amazing price for decent rooms.  But don't plan on spending more than 30 minutes in the casino as it is a secondhand smoke cesspool.
The minute you walk up to this hotel, you can smell sewage. It was really gross and all around the entrances. Once you walk in, it's like instantly stepping back into 1970's. You can see why some scenes of the movie "Casino" were filmed here. It is very OLD, smelly, outdated and run down. We would NEVER stay there, but saw swarms of people (most with children) checking in/out. It is very cheap ($30+/- per night) and you get what you pay for. We would never gamble, eat or sleep here, but if you want to see what an old Vegas hotel look like back then, you may find it interesting!
check in was long even 10 at night. once through the line we got checked in by a nice friendly lady. We booked a luxury suite in the Monaco tower, the reservation was there and we were on our way up to our room in no time. Once in our room at the 22nd floor, I opened the curtain to see our breathtaking view of the 7th floor of the parking garage where I had parked my rental car. aside from the garage, my only view was into the windows of other rooms. Definitely not breathtaking. The room itself was clean, but very small. Not at all what I expected from a "luxury suite" We tried to watch tv, but the remote didn't work. (dead batteries  assume) so I had to get up to change the channel, turn the volume up/down etc. This is an old run down place, it is located quite a ways from the heart of the strip, surrounded by a denny's restaurant, and a mcdonalds, I heard fire trucks and ambulances 3 different times pulling up to the place even from 22 stories up!! If you are looking for a cheap seedy place to stay, this is for you. I would hate to see what the cheaper rooms looked like. Next time in Vegas I will be getting a room elsewhere.
I totally agree with Paula L. we upgraded for $40 per night. (We were staying free on a company trip) so we got a Jr. Suite with large bedroom nice view...large living and dining room, bar and two baths. Very good deal...
Well, I've been to many hotels in Vegas, and I have to say it's not one of my favorites. But it's not too bad considering the price I paid during my recent stay. I mean $89 per night during NAB conference wasn't bad at all since other hotels close to the convention center were charging over $200 per night.  Since it was a 10 min walk to the convention center, it  also saved me $$ in cab fares, so that was good. 

I like their pool, but I was disappointed that they didn't have a jacuzzi, which I was actually really looking forward to. 

The only thing you have to keep in mind is that there are different towers, and the room in the tower I stayed at was newer, nicer and clear - Monaco Tower. The deals you get on the internet may be great and lower, but usually that means you'll get a room in the older towers. Initially I got a room at the South Tower but I changed it upon check-in. 

Oh and they charge $17 ($15 plus tax) in resort fee per day. Seems like they are charging this fee in most hotels in Vegas now. 

They have $1 - $2 cocktails at the bar which is great. Of course if you're gambling at the bar, then you don't have to pay. 

I ate twice at the restaurants - Banana Leaf and Wicked. They were Ok, servers were better and friendly. 

I almost went to watch the magic show... once a day at 7pm. Tickets start at $75 per person, but if you get the coupon book, they have 2 for one deal and maybe get 2 tickets for $100.  

If you like to gamble, you have a better chance going to Circus Circus across the street. My friends and I lost some money on slot machines at Riviera, but recovered them back at Circus Circus. :-)  I guess it depends on what you play too, but again, I'm not here to encourage or promote gambling! What you do with your money is your own business and at your own will. Like me, Do it for entertainment purpose only! 

Oh, and when you check out, do so in person, not electronically or from the room. And review your bill carefully. Two of my friends got charged for something that they never even purchased including in-room movie! 

So, if you're in Vegas for a show at the convention center and  looking for a clean, reasonably priced, convenient place to stay, this would be the one I'd recommend.
I am local and decided to spend NYE at the Rivera to see a concert. Big mistake. I purposefully hand picked two front row seats at $100 each and had the floor plan in front of me when I purchased them. I know NYE is big in town so I purchased tickets months in advance. There were 3 sections near the stage and I choose front row section 2 - dead center.  

The night of the show, I discovered the floor plan had changed. The three front sections had changed to six sections. Section 2 was up against the far wall of the auditorium. The two front row seats I chose were now moved way off to the side. I had a side view of huge speakers and literally could not see the stage at all from my seat.

The two other couples who sat next to me all agreed this was not the floor plan we choose seats for. All though we didn't know each other, all six of us went to talk to the box office manager together.   
The response to our concerned but polite inquiry? Too bad.

All 6 of us were shocked how callous the box office staff treated us. No apologies and no offers to move us. They told us floor moves happen all the time and we bought our tickets too far in advance and we should have waited. This made no sense to me at all. I planned this night well in advance and I am suffering the consequences for my careful planning? All of us agreed our NYE was ruined. 
I wrote a nice letter to the Director or Entertainment explaining the situation and I never heard a word back.
With all the hotels in town, it is no surprise the Rivera is probably last in terms of reputation and image and they well deserve to be. Never again.
Probably one of the worst run and seedy casino hotels. 

The heydays are long gone.  This place needs a soup to nuts renovation and management shakeup. 

Vegas is dying and no one wants to buy it and current management won't fix it. 

So, they cater to a low end client, give them nothing because that's all they know.  

Sad.
The line was forever long....the self check-in broke...the pool was ok...there's really no where to eat...

The only OK thing is the gym. I rather go to a gym that has old equipment vs a nice one with limited. This fitness center has old equipment, but many to use.

There's really no cafe to buy food, and if you go to the food court in the morning, they only serve what they called 'breakfast' menu. I stood in line at Quiznos and no one served me. I went to the Indian place and didn't know what the breakfast menu was for as they are items I never heard of. I thought I could get a chicken sandwich, but they only serve breakfast food so I opted for the omelet. The omelet was gross because it was smothered with cheese, the bacon was not editable because it was cold and had a lot of fat on it. I dare not to try the bread. The hash brown was greasy and couldn't be eaten. They didn't give napkins or forks, so I ate with my bare hands back in my room.
Small room with a small window even after paying for an upgrade. Smelled old. Rude service at front desk. I should have stayed at a student hostel. At least you get what you paid for at a student hostel.
Not reviewing the room amenities; just the casino experience. I know this is off the beaten path, but I had a good, solid experience here. They have $1 blackjack, and a good amount of slots.

My boyfriend and I both came outta here with more cash than we came in with (which is a rarity in Vegas), and it's right across the street from Circus Circus so you can spend all your winnings on fun arcade games for stuffed animal prizes.
My family and I stayed at the Rivera what a great place. I will recommend this place to everyone!!
On our recent stay we had a great experience.  Self check-in was quick and easy.  I was a little concerned about what our room would be like since we were in the South Tower and not the Monaco.  We were pleasantly surprised.  Spacious updated clean room.  We were meeting another couple and they were initially in the other tower in a smoking room but the front desk quickly changed it so they were in the room next to us.  Checkout was easy with no problems.  The price was amazing ($24 plus $15 resort fee).  We had a car so being a ways down the strip didn't matter.  We would definitely consider staying here again!

My only complaint would be that even though the South Tower has a lobby with a drop off there was no bellhop or even a cart to get all our things up to our room.  I called for someone but they never showed and we had to go back to the main lobby to have someone help us.
Room was nice.  We upgraded when we checked in for $20 well worth it. We were facing pool in the wedding tower. It was nice. Beds were comfy. Wish they would upgrade ac. Can't stand the ones that are by window, always seems to make me sick.  Nice hotel overall. Good customer service.  Would stay again if I were on a budget.
I didn't stay at The "Riv", as hotel employees refer to it, making it sound swankier than the reputation that precedes it as The Riviera. I only spent two days here for a convention. 

If the hotels in Vegas were women, this hotel would be the girl with bad extensions, wearing Ugg boots and a baby tee in 2014. She would've looked somewhat acceptable 12 years ago, but now she is just a sad, chain smoking, washed up, weathered old hag that you don't feel good spending time with. 

That is the "Riv". Also, the food court is a veritable Russian roulette of food poisoning adventure.
I had little problem with the room. Two things that annoyed me was the horrible smoking smell in a non smoking area which kicked up my asthma and was annoying. The other thing is the irregular house keeping hours. We never knew until when to stay in and once even got back by 2pm and house keeping still hadn't tidied up the room.
1. You need to know that this is a few miles from the main attractions of the strip.
2. The rooms are sub par and outdated but clean.
3. This is a hotel for an older crowd.
I liked it. It was charming and old school. Not packed, not full of deuches or duechettes. It was like a little time capsule, I enjoyed it for what it was. My only complaint was the front desk check in/check out. Unorganized, similar to the dmv. The self check in/out machine broke. So, I would suggest leaving your room early for checkout (because you will wait in a long line). It took me about 15-20 minutes to check out. Staff was helpful. Have patience with hospitality workers! I saw a lot of people being rude to the servers and to the concierges.
We checked in quickly, the room was clean and the AC worked great. Everyone was friendly and courteous, and I had fun in the casino. I enjoy old school Vegas; I'm not here for a fancy hotel room. Cheap drinks, easy access to Circus Circus, pool was very clean, what more do you need?
First off-the rooms were great.  It looks like it just got a remodel.  The AC unit seems a little old but it did the trick. The sink was a little slow on draining.  The staff were all great and friendly. 

BIGGEST drawback-parking situation. Not enough close parking and valet was full.  Driving around to find more parking is a nightmare.  The whole complex needs a good update.  Tons of speed bumps and messed up lanes and directional changes.  A little scary too.  We had to walk through the convention floor to get to the front desk.  Everything outside the rooms is outdated. 

Good for a quick one night stay but not much else.
This place is great this is day two of my stay of 5 and I love the room were in its clean and nice not pricey like other hotels and staff is very helpful I love it here and it's not a long walk to other casinos the only thing is it was confusing for parking but you get use to it it's a great hotel
Loved the casino!!  I did not stay in the hotel but I will next time.  We stopped by on the way to the airport yesterday since I collect one casino chip per casino and I did not have one from the Riviera.  The cocktail waitresses were very polite and I found $1 blackjack tables!!! Only hotel on the strip that I found!  It's awesome.  The penny slots were pretty loose too.  Circus Circus is across the street and they have $3 blackjack tables!
I stayed in many different hotels in vegas like Aria, MGM, Hilton, The Orleans, Monte Carlos.... I already thought Monte Carlos is ugly enough but Riviera hotel is The worst hotel I ever stayed in. Everything is so old & outdated in here, even the vending machine does not working. The valet & self parking was full last night and We have to park far away from the hotel. The only good thing about this hotel is they are cheap because we came here with another 8 people...& we thought we could save bunch of money.... But I will learn next time that I could spend some extra money to feel it as the "hotel"
BEWARE there is a $100 security deposit at check in that the website may not tell you about. That's is in top of the $15 charge.
The staff needs training in hospitality. Never met the most rude and unprofessional people in any hotel I've ever stayed at.  We were hosting our high school reunion and was told to go through VIP.  They need to hire people who are pleasant. Not only was our suite NOT ready (after 3:30 mind you ) but the original guy that was helping us decides to go to lunch .... Hands us off to the one other only person there and when we asked if we can check in at least, she tells us "no, the rooms not ready". My husband then asks when do you think it'll be ready and her aggressive reply was " I don't know, it could be 1 hour it could be 3 hours, I don't know whenever the cleaning people get there!" ..... Needless to say I was fit to be tied.... I'd rather pay a little more for the hospitality then go into this dump and deal with incompetent people . 

Mrs Van Asch
I love this place! We didn't stay in the rooms,so I can't review those... I was there for a bachelorette party and we visited the show 'Men, the Experience' and had dinner in the steakhouse. The show was so much fun!-The boys paid some extra attention to the bride, which she loved. It's been a long time since I've had that much fun with my girlfriends. After the show we did a meet and greet with the dancers and then went to dinner in the steakhouse. The food was great, the waiters were friendly, the ambience was quiet and dark so it may have been a little bit better for a little bit of romance. Wink wink. We all ordered a variation of food and were happy with everything we ordered. it's very classic steakhouse food. Yum! Lots of bottles of wine later we ended up gambling and it just hanging out at the riv. We had a blast! It has an old Vegas feel to it and everyone who we encountered working there was super nice! Maybe it was just a good night, but I was super impressed. We will definitely be back to the Riv!
Recently spent an evening at the Riv celebrating a Bride to Be and couldn't have asked for a better experience! 

We started at at the Men The Experience show and had the best time, the wait staff was great and the men couldn't have been any better :)  The made the Bride to Be and all of us ladies feel special!

We then had dinner at R Steak and Seafood, we ordered a variety of drinks and food and we were all very satisfied.  The staff was great even though we were probably a little more rowdy than their standard dinner guests.

Location was very convenient to the Monorail which saves time and money over taking a cab everywhere.  I would highly recommend an evening at the Riv! They have done a great job revamping this hotel, it's budget friendly and had a variety of things to enjoy.
Rooms  were great.
Service was World Class. Each and EVERY employee learned my name and went out of their way to introduce themselves. ALL employees seemed very happy.
Casino neat, orderly, AND spotless.
Take the Duce Shuttle to get around.
A great time...WILL go again. 
Give it a shot. I Know you will love it.
Pretty decent hotel overall and fits well with people on a budget. Though it's quite a walk to the main attractions on the strip, there is a bus that travels up and down the strip (I paid $20 for a 3 day pass) which stops right in front of the riv. I recommend staying in the "luxury" rooms (the only reason they're luxury status is because they're newer than the other rooms). The luxury rooms are small but can easily fit 2-3 ppl. I had no bed bug problems either in these newer rooms and the cleaning staff was very good. That being said, this hotel does attract an older crowd or families with kids. So, don't pregame too hard or you will get complaints. Also, the rooms are not sound proof so don't blast the music (the room comes with one of those older iphone/iPod radio chargers). The $1 blackjack tables are pretty sweet but the casino gets kind of shady at night due to the cheap tables. But overall a great place!!! The restaurant has a nice deal ($10 for a decent burger, fries, and one beer). Have fun!
The front desk staff were professional but unfriendly.  My room had a weird stain on the carpet, dirt and a hair in the tub, lipstick or nail polish (couldn't tell which one) on the bathroom counter, and one of the bathroom lights was askew.  This hotel charges a resort fee for what I don't know, and it is BADLY in need of an all over renovation.  I've actually stayed in worse places, and it's better than sleeping in the street, but I won't be staying here again.
Ive stayed here a few times, the check in line is usually long. If you use the self check in kiosks you can save Alot of time! The rooms are vintage and a good value. The casino bar has the cheapest drink specials on the strip. The comedy club was awesome
We got there around midnight on a Friday and stood in line for ninety minutes before getting to the registration desk. We booked for a room with two double beds and instead got a room with one queen bed so someone in our party had to sleep on that hard, roll-in bed. The room was clean but as far as amenities, we payed for a lot more than what we actually got. Nothing in the fridge, no lotions, the pillows aren't quality and the windows looking out to the back parking lot needed cleaning. The location was convenient, staff always greeted us with a smile and the pool looked clean.
$1beers 24/7 the rooms are alright because i never slept their but its always cracking at the pool
Our room was outdated at least 20 years. All the carpets throughout the halls were terribly stained. Our tv did not work, nor did our phone. Could not call for room service. Had to call out to some nasty Italian food place. Couldn't even sign in to their promised wifi. No one seemed to care!!! Oh yea, plus a resort fee of $15.00 per day! And tax on top of that!!!???!!!  This place is far from a resort. The pool needs to be dug up and resized to accommodate the amount of people and hotel size ratio! I had really looked forward to this little get away, kick back and get a tan. So much for that, very non-appealing....no space! This place is a dive!!!
I went here for business.  Easy to park, find my way around, food service and selection easy to find.  Very friendly, helpful employees.  

I was actually here for a show a few year ago and had the same experience.  Easy in. Easy out.  helpful employees and the show was a small venue, no bad seat and absolutely fun!
I really don't have any real complaints. I'm no diva like the rest of these cry babies that leave bad reviews. The hotel staff were all very friendly. We stayed in the Monaco tower which has the more recently renovated rooms and the rooms were just fine. Since we were only sleeping there we didn't need anything fancy or overpriced. On top of the room rate they charged $15 per day for a resort fee, so on the end you're paying the room rate, plus tax, plus a resort fee. So much for free wifi and valet. Overall, it's an older hotel but not bad at all for our budget.
I was a tad apprehensive after booking and then reading reviews (something I NEVER do).  However, as I was going to Vegas on a weekend, and was looking at paying $175+ for less desirable hotels, $60 per night sounded pretty good, so I booked.

To my pleasant surprise, this hotel was way better than most of the reviews that I read.  Please do not get me wrong, this is not like staying at the Wynn or Caesars, but for the price and the bed comfort -- you can't go wrong!

The check-in line was a little insane when we arrived, but we were quickly escorted out of the line to the computerized check-in (seriously what a great idea!!!!).  After I swiped the wrong credit card (make sure you swipe the one you book with...oops), they quickly escorted me to the VIP area and had me checked in, in a flash.

The room was decent.  2 double beds (made for fun with 4 people, including 2 tall guys).  Walls were paper thin, which gave us some good laughs... and some annoyance between the hours of 7am-9am when our neighbors, who apparently were not out late any night....loved to slam the door, have their screaming children in the hall, etc. Not impressed by that, but that is not really the hotel's fault. 

The casino itself was fine.  Drink service was lacking (if you are going to play slots and want good drink service I would HIGHLY recommend the Quad -- the drinks were absolutely flying) and we were lucky if we had a beverage every 30 minutes or so.  The other thing that was disappointing about the gambling was that they closed the Craps tables quite early (around 2am) while there were still people playing.  Kind of strange... 

The good about the casino: $1 Blackjack, 24 hours a day.  You will have to wait in line however, but well worth the wait!  

I have never stayed at this end of the strip and I am not totally sure how I felt about it.  I felt like we had to take a cab if we wanted to go to Bally/Caesars/Flamingo etc.  But Slots A Fun and Circus Circus were fun, cheap and had good drink service. 

Overall, I would stay here again on a weekend for cheap prices.
Older casino on the strip.  If you are going to the strip, you should hit the big flashier casino to get the full Vegas experience.  But if you are going for a smaller laid back feel, you might as well hit one of the local Station casinos or The Orleans.  Cleaner and more up to date.  This casino definitely looks like old school 'has been'.  It needs some serious updating.
On May 26, 2014 Sandra and I attended the "Pawn Shop Show" at the Rivera Hotel and Casino. The show was undoubtly  the worst show I have ever seen and that includes the plays we've attended while our children progressed through public school. We watch Pawn Stars on History Channel and enjoy the show, we were aware it was a parody of the "Pawn Stars Show" however we were not prepared for the poorly written and presented "Pawn Shop" After spending $118.00 for two tickets we expected the show to be at least funny or at the very least entertaining it was neither therefore; we walked out after witnessing about 15 minutes of poorly written and presented entertainment. 
Calls to the Rivera Hotel and Casino result in being placed on hold and or being transferred to a busy extension. When calls were placed to the Front Desk and a request to speak to the MOD (Manager on Duty) the person answering the call became the MOD. It is impossible to speak to the MOD and/or the Production Manager. They are aware of the quality of the show and will continue fooling people 6 day s a week.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from the Rivera Hotel and Casino.

Harry Lanahan
We arrived to check in at 12. Therefore we missed the backed up line. The reason the line becomes so backed up is due to the incompetent staff attempting to hustle you into upgrades. That being said, after 45 minutes in line and the staff fumbling around on the computer we finally accepted the penthouse suite. Which she suddenly added $300 onto after we agreed upon the price. At first we were very pleased with the room. However on night 2 of 3 we dropped an empty water bottle off of our balcony later to find 10 security guards in the room. We were shocked when they told us to pack our bags and hit the streets. Upon the expedited check out the front desk staff informed us that we would receive a refund for our final night. Again another lie from their hustling staff. Also, I failed to mention the horrible restaurant service. We didn't even know who our server was, but since we had a party of six gratuity was included, so they didn't need to take care of us.
I first visited the Riviera earlier this year.  My friends and I booked a room for one night on a whim and drove to vegas.  Upon arriving the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  They were quite aware of the lines forming at check-in and made every effort to take guest into the VIP check-in area to help keep things moving.   We stayed in a newer tower room.  The beds were extremely comfortable and the room was very clean and modern.  
  
A few months later I went back to Vegas for a Bachelorette party.  The bride really wanted to go to a male revue, so we decided on "Men the Experience" since my first time at the Riviera was so positive.  The show was amazing and the wait staff was very attentive to all of our needs.  The bride had the time of her life and felt so special!  On top of that, we couldn't have asked for a better looking group of men!  Especially Alejandro...he melted our hearts!   

After the show we had dinner at R Steak and Seafood.  We ordered a lot of different food and drinks.  Everything we had was delicious and we left very full and extremely satisfied.  The staff was helpful in suggesting dishes as well as dealing with us being a tad rowdy and exhilarated from just leaving the show!

All in all, both times I've been to the Riviera have been very positive and memorable.  I'd definitely stay and visit the hotel again.
This place was not all that great. Good news or bad news first? They are NOT AT ALL FRIENDLY at the front desk... kinda rude and short with you. Answering questions is a hassle for them. They tell u that there is a hundred dollar hold on your card, thats normal. They told me there would be "A" 15 dollar resort fee (to cover things that you dont use and internet that doesnt work) they didnt tell me it was 15 bucks PER night, so you can imagine my surprise when i didnt get my entire 100 dollars refunded. The bathroom floor was filthy and stained like it hadnt been mopped in a while. The window (for those of you like me that appreciate oxygen and or are claustrophobic) opens about half an inch. The carpets werent vacuumed either. The bed i have to say is hands down beyond comfortable so kudos there. Food was awful and over priced. Dont know if there is anything else good besides the bed. I stay in vegas a lot because i have family out there, but Im not sure that I would book riviera again.
The casino bought this review it's two stars. Really should just get zero, but we had such a good time on the floor that it's getting a two...

Old soap in the showers, and body hair throughout the bathroom. Plain gross. 0 Stars.

The casino is old, nearly 60, but it has a classic charm to it. Had fun with the waitresses, and we got the $1 blackjack table going ham haha. Great times. Spent $80 on the room(Friday Memorial Day weekend), but all told we walked away only spending about $15 when we take into account our meager winnings and what we spent on drinks. ****

This is a place you want to be at late in the night, and walking away from. Get the old Vegas feel, but find a bed somewhere else.
I booked this because it was cheap and hey, who stays in their room for the majority of their Vegas stay anyway?? Yes, it IS cheap, FOR A REASON. First off, the rooms DO NOT COME WITH A COFFEE MAKER so you have to go downstairs and pay $3+ for a coffee EVERY MORNING. It is an old hotel, I will give it that. When we checked in, they asked us if we would like to upgrade our room for an extra $20 a night. We said sure. They put us on THE TOP floor (64 I believe), for the first two nights (we were there three nights from Wed-Sat), it was fine. We had an OK view of the strip, whatever. Friday night, however, was when the issue started. The lady who checked us in failed to mention that we would be RIGHT UNDER the penthouse which OFTEN has VERY LOUD private parties, so unless you plan on staying out all night long and not sleeping, expect to hear extremely loud annoying music right above your head. My husband first called the front desk and complained, asking if we could be switched rooms. They told him they can do anything BUT THAT (as if they were booked, which they obviously were not). They agreed to wave the upgrade and resort fees, saving us $120. He said fine. About 15 minutes later after more annoying music and loud thumping, we finally had enough - sleep would have been impossible even with ear plugs. This was about 2AM. He went downstairs to actually talk to the front desk people and finally managed to wrangle us another room for the night, so about 2:30AM we had to pack up everything and move a couple floors down. I'm not sure why they couldn't have done that in the first place but hey, at least we saved $120 in the end, even though that's about how much we ended up paying for coffee (kidding).

Moral of the story: If you MUST stay here, DO NOT AGREE TO THE TOP FLOOR, AND BRING YOUR OWN COFFEE MAKER.
A very dated, old hotel with only one pool that is crowded. Terrible coffee shops with terrible quality food court. Yuck!!!!!!
I don't even know where to start. We booked a room because it was "$23/night". That turned into almost $200..
$23-Room
$15-resort fee
$100-hold on debit card that was never returned (maybe cause we didn't make the bed...?!) 
$35- overdraft fee because the $100 was not returned within 72 hrs like they say, and a bill came out a week later.. 

Not to mention when we got there, we had to step over piles of garbage and dirty clothes that were all over the hallway. Oh, and let's not forget the soap left from the last guest, as well as the hair all around the sink.  Yummy
My partner and I stayed here for couple nights. The pictures online wasn't that as expected.  It's a pretty old hotel, so I didn't didn't expect that much. Housekeeping team was great! There's no 2.5 option so I opted for 3 stars. I would suggest that Riviera Management will consider changing or do a renovation. Based on yelpers reviews, I agree on the bathroom molds. I would definitely recommend to have it renovated. Bed and pillows were ok. The convenience of the location is good. Parking was really hard to find especially if you stay late. Not sure if management allows people to park even if they are not staying or checked in the hotel. I would suggest to have a parking space only for checked in customers. We liked the kiosk idea. It helped out. Mini fridge, needs to be changed. Carpets, it's seems clean and newly shampooed, and not smelly, so that was good. Again, it would be nice to have this hotel renovated, it's one the first in Vegas!
This hotel is horrible u get what you pay for. The reason why I stayed here is because of a festival I came with a group of friends. This hotel is old , the restrooms ohhhh lord they are very small. Also if you want to take a cab it takes forever. This hotel is sad. If ur on a budget this hotel is cheap but expect the worst.
I wish I could give a negative star.  So we went for a conference.  Good thing we got a cheaper rate through the convention.  I would have been angrier if I had to pay more than we already did.  We requested 2 beds and Christine, the girl at the front desk said she moved us to the Monte Carlo tower.  She said this is where they put their VIPs.  If this is their VIP tower, there is a problem not to mention what kind of VIPs do they put in there.  Ice machines are every other floor so if your floor doesn't have ice, you gave to go to another floor (which wouldn't be a problem but their elevators suck so you have to go to the scary stairwell).  We were on the 23rd floor, and only 1 elevator seemed to have worked.  I heard other people say it took them 30 minutes to go up or down to their floor/lobby.   We go to our room and although we were prepared for a little smoke smell (we got a smoking room), it smelled like they NEVER aired out the place.  It was horrible, even for people who is used the smoke.  The television didn't work.  It turned on and it tells you to use the arrow buttons to go to regular TV.  We pressed every button there was and it did nothing.  We left to go to the convention and stopped back by the room around 130 or so.  Our room still hadn't been cleaned!  The only thing that was decent was that their cocktail waitress on the casino floor were nice.  With all the hotels in Vegas, I would definitely stay somewhere else.
I booked this hotel because it was offered as one of the hotels on conference website. We were offered some extra perks, like a reduction in the resort fee, including a set of comedy tickets. When I called the resort to ask questions I was told the convention I was attending was a 5 min walk from there.  This was complete misinformation, it was well over a mile walk  to the convention center location. One of the reasons I took the time to call and ask about this is because I have some physical issues that made walking difficult for me and I was trying to be prepared.  I would have made other arrangements than walking in the heat of a nasty summer day if I had known this.  

I Stayed in Monaco towers. Must have been the oldest dingiest part of the hotel. Bathroom floor looked dirty.  The room was sweltering hot when we  first arrived. The air conditioner must have been on it's last leg because it really never cooled off properly even after being on all night.  Every time we left for the day the cleaning staff turned it off so we returned to a hot stuffy room.  The pillows were small, flat and very uncomfortable, the sheets were scratchy.  The bathrooms featured the cheapest toilet paper and soap I have ever seen.  Felt like I was washing with Lava soap.  The gal who checked us in was rude and argued with me about including free comedy show tickets we were promised with our package, she finally acted like she was doing me a favor by giving the to me.   

The morning of our check out I was just getting out of the shower and housekeeping opened the door while I was nude.  This was just after 9 am.  SERIOUSLY!!!  This was Sun morning, this Vegas, people are still  sleeping at that hour!!!!  Check out time was still an hour and a half away.  I will never stay here again and won't be recommending it to anyone.  Talked to the manager about the situation with housekeeping..she offered to remove the "hotel fee" which was $5. Gee thanks, at that point I felt I was wasting my breath discussing any other issues with her.  This was a business trip, I was hot tired and exhausted when I got back to my room.  I didn't have the time or energy to deal with this during my stay.  I realize I was not paying for luxury.  I wasn't expecting that, what I was expecting was a clean comfortable room that I could get a good nights sleep in.
If I could give negative stars or none, I would cause Riviera 'hotel' deserves none better! Stanky haggard dirty decor, and service to match! This has been the worst experience from a Vegas hotel ever.
The hotel staff have forgotten how to smile and speak a language consisting primarily of the word 'No'. 
No wifi, no cell service, no table action, no room, no more, no water hot enough to bathe, no server at our table, no diligence in reservation taking.
In Vegas working nights. On our 3rd morning arriving after a night of working the room key  dies. Front desk won't give us new one cause our client (out of state) booked us on her name, and she needs to come in herself. Why because when we have IDs & CCs they did not attach our names to the room!

Honestly yes, cheap prices are good, if they keep your reservation, buuuut you'll really want to shower well when you get home!
I stayed here for an event at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Fellow convention goers beware! Wi-Fi does not work and cell phone coverage is terrible. Even the television barely works if you can get the remote to change channels. This toe fungus of a hotel is not suited for business in any form.

Aesthetically the place is a total cornhole, the lobby looks like it's maintained by an 80+ aged crew and the carpet is disgusting. I recommend shoes when walking around this place especially if you're coming from or going to the pool. It attracts a much younger, ghetto and less experienced Vegas crowd due to its lower prices, with this also comes a less quality employee crew however.

I booked my room 3 months in advance thinking "how bad could this place be for 1 night", cheap and close to the Convention Center. I get into the line and I'm told I could use the "express check-in" by 2 attendants. It didn't work for me so the attendant checked my room which wasn't ready so she changes my room, OK there's a little bit of "service" there I thought.

I get to the tower and it already smells like a donkey farm, the elevator seemed like something out of a Final Destination movie. Once I get on the floor there's phone books in front of the doors all along the hallway to my room I'm thinking "is this the prostitute path or something"? I get to my room which smells like smoking monkeys had been living in it, the ashtrays confirmed it was a smoking room. 

I call the front desk who helps me out with a "regular" non smoking room which was better. However feel free to look at my pictures from the room (e.g. the neverending toilet, the "beautiful" views and the mystery wet spot).
Two words describe this hotel,  cluster fuck! Stayed here for a convention I had to attend and my friend booked online for a deluxe room for 4 people and requested a roll away.  Checked in at the hotel and they could not accommodate because it was a fire hazard, well this doesn't work!  I asked the cost of the upgrade and how many that could accommodate.  I was told there is a king sized bed, the couch pulls out and we could have a roll away,  an additional$50/night. We already payed for one night. My thought was cool, this might work! I put down $100 deposit on MY credit card. So, we get to the room and couch doesn't pull out. I call and talk with a manager and for the run around. She gave me $10 off making it an additional$40/night. We called back later and they said we already got one away and they are overbooked. Customer service isn't something they excel at! Looking at my bank statement I noticed that i was charged for the room, all 4 nights....my friend should have been charged but my friends just paid me but because of this disorganization it left me with -$800 in my bank account. Bottom line, we could have stayed somewhere sooo much nicer for $265/night. 

 Oh wait,  this gets better....aside from this place being seriously outdated,  and not clean!  Resturants are to be desired unless you want to eat at their high end resturant at $42 steak.... This is NOT Ruth Chris by any means. We broken glass  that looked like it was used for drugs....SERIOUSLY! 

I have zero intention to ever come back here nor would I recommend anyone to stay here.
This hotel has a lot to offer for your money. $24 of mine to be exact plus the $15 per night resort fee. Being one of the oldest hotels still standing on the strip it is a bit outdated as to be expected. Aside from the 1970's decor it is quite accommodating. Our room was just the basic room however it was quite large in size. The bed was comfortable it had many desired amenities. This being said not all of them worked. The hair dryer, the iron, and a few plugs didn't work but that's just details. The staff was very helpful, kind, and most of all very willing to comp show tickets!
The 5 stars is for the service and hospitality  offered by this wonderful hotel. Tyson was our host to our 4 night stay in Las Vegas. This is our 3rd stay at this hotel and its not the fanciest newest hotel on the strip but its a legend. The staff are wonderful and they want you to return. I have gone with my family and we enjoyed the wonderful Jan Rouven Illusionist show, dinner at Wicked Vicky and the R steak and Seafood both delicious. Kid friendly clean large pool and across the street from Circus Circus which was great for daytime excursions with the kids. Did I mention the pinball Hall of Fame?! Oh yes classic vintage pinball machine favorites. I would recommend Riviera and definitely join the Players Club for great incentives for your next stay.
This hotel is just a nice place if you want to save some money, and don't plan to stay in the hotel for too long.
The regular rooms are typical, not too fancy or completely decked out in design or anything. Beds are comfortable and smells fine.
Restrooms are clean, they provide some shampoo and some soap, neither of amazing quality, but does the job.
The place itself is not very lively compared to other hotels, even circus circus across the street, even though it does have a bunch of slot machines and card dealers.

Overall, it was a fine experience just nothing notable about it
This place is terrible fist 45 minutes to check in after arriving at 11pm.  Then they put me in a smoking room when i said i want non smoking.  Room smells bad but key fir room don't even work.   Based off my luck here not even hitting casino. Save your money go somewhere else this isn't even worth the really cheap rates they offer.
The Riviera is not the worst thing ever. It's pretty lame compared to the rest of Vegas, but compared to all hotels, it's not bad. My room was clean, had a nice TV, and they had some amenities like ABC stores and a food court with awesome Indian food. 

Riviera is not really a place you'd want to hang out in, but it is cheap. It also does not have the best location if you are wanting to see the strip. You are basically all the way at the end and have to travel pretty far by bus to get anywhere close to the fancier side of the strip. 

If I was going to Vegas again, I'd probably stay more in the middle of the action, but I found the Riviera to be a pretty good value if you are trying to Vegas on the cheap. 

They also close the pool RIGHT ON TIME, PRETTY EARLY. DO NOT EVEN PUT YOUR FEET IN THE POOL! You've been warned.
My kids had a karate tournament at the Riviera so we stayed there out of convenience.  When we first got to our room there was a USED bandaid in the planter.  I let front desk know and they said they would said housekeeping to take care of it...nope!  Also, our bathtub didn't drain, the furniture looks like it has 50 years of nicotine dripping off of it and the very best part - we were on a non smoking floor and our room smelled like a Willy Nelson concert.  Now my kids know what pot smells like.  Next year for the tournament we will be staying elsewhere.  The convenience isn't worth how grossed out I was by this hotel.
The Good: They have $1 Blackjack, good variety of new slots, rooms are clean and updated, parking is easy.

The Bad:  The pool was small and my hair smelled funny after swimming, the floors in the casino are oddly uneven.

They have a super bowl party every year here that is very fun.  All you can eat and drink and watch the game with 100+ fans on the big screens.

I've also been to an MC Hammer concert here, not the best acoustics but MC brought it.

This is an older casino on the north end of the strip so it's only going to cost about $25 / night to stay here.  It's on par with Circus Circus but smaller and a little nicer rooms.  They do have an "arcade" that features old games like 'frogger' and old pinball games near the food court.
booked thru kayak and i was not aware of the resort fee.

there is a resort fee of $16.80 which
kayak will not show and when you show up you thought

the price was advertised for $17.00 plus tax which you paid
but oh no...you will have to pay another $16.80 to the hotel

for the resort fee per day per night and the 

money is non-refundable.

if it is non-refundable then everything should
be charged and not another surprise.
 
every hotel there is a resort fee that is how
kayak (makes $17.00) and riviera (makes $16.80 resort fee)

i was not aware of the resort fee (what a sucker)
when you compare prices make sure you check

on the resort fee cus it could range from $12 bucks
to $22 per night.
Their promos are the best!
Many great shows, table games,
I MADE OVER 80 DOLLARS FROM THEIR PROMOTIONS AND FREE CHIP!!!

3 DAYS AND I was drunk 24/7 FREE WELL AND BEERS WITH MY WIFE AND I only spent 25 dollars during the first day (currently in bolt bus drinking the rest) that should tell you how much an alcoholic I am.

Coupons coupons coupon. ..awesome

Free wheel spins every afternoon outside front door

Friendly staff and helpful. 
This is a noob friendly casino.
For the negative people out there...I say yall are broke...seriously if you got 60k in your bank right now like me, please dont judge a casino, I do consider myself poor so if you are broke and talk b.s. then theres something wrong. The staff are friendly and dealers help you out (seriously they do!!!)
This is by far the worst MOTEL I've ever encountered. The smell of the (non smoking) room was unbearable, the pool was an absolute joke, and let me not forget to mention the random eye patch that I had found in the closet because the room wasn't properly cleaned. Also everyday the room keys were in issue and I had to get new ones. There was zero atmosphere in the hotel as well as 2 rinky dink places to eat that had horrible service. I wouldn't stay in this hotel again if they tried to pay me!
This is the first time we've stayed here, and I'm sure it will be the last. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the one bedroom suite was roomy and the self check in was awesome. Other than that, things weren't so great...valet parking was full, parking directions sucked, the Wi-Fi didn't work (even after calling the manager,) one window casing had no drywall, the window opened ALL the way (we had a four year old-kind of dangerous,) there was air in all the water lines, there was mold in the shower, the refrigerator rocked back and forth, and there were MANY other signs of wear and decline. Plus, the pool closes at 8PM...really? I'm sure that back in the day this was a really nice place, but now, it's a but run down and dated. I'm not sure how to post pics, but if I figure it out, I will. I was pretty disappointed and would suggest staying somewhere else.
Dirty, filthy, run-down, smelly, crack-hotel feel to this place! Carpeting is stained and dirty. Towels are old, stained, & dirty. Beds are old, dirty, and stained. Walls are old, dirty, and stained. Bed spread full of hair. It is almost midnight and we cannot even force ourselves to stay here another minute! Camping in a tent in the middle of the woods is cleaner
Great deals on room rates. My son and I wanted to compete at the Master Stan Witz's
USA World Championships in Las Vegas 2014. International Martial Arts World Championships. The United States most prestigious Karate Championships 
June 27, 28, 29, 2014 @ Riviera Hotel and Casino. We got a great special and had a great time. The bell service and valet was excellent. Staff was very helpful. I honestly enjoyed everything about this place. Thank you.
The hotel was actually better than I anticipated, especially for an older hotel and casino. We wanted to stay on the strip over 4th of July weekend and knew it would be crazy, but the Riviera averaged out to be in our price range for 4 nights. As the days went on (and got crowded) it was a little difficult being quite so far down the strip, as you have to spend a good 10 minutes walking just to be at the start of it all, but leveraging the monorail to the LVH helped a lot. And - it's not quite as far as the Stratosphere, it's pretty close to a Walgreen's which came in handy, and the first stop on your way up the strip is the Wynn Encore.

I enjoyed the casino and the waitresses were actually the friendliest we came across our entire trip! It has some old school Vegas charm and didn't feel too rowdy or crazy compared with some of the other casinos. The pool seemed nice and our room was better than expected. It was also very easy to get to from the lobby.

The rooms look as if they've been updated recently. The bed was very comfy and the flat screen TV over the bar area was nice. The clamp holding our showerhead was broken, but everything else was fine. There was a hair dryer and an iron/ironing board in the room, which doesn't always come with a 3-star room. We had a lovely view of the parking structure (haha), but seriously, for the price and the fact that we checked in almost at midnight, it was expected.

While it may not be my first choice for a hotel in Vegas, it definitely fit the bill for a late-planned getaway on a tighter budget. I would be willing to stay again.
I'm staying at this hotel practically for free (bc of a promotion) and I still think I'm paying too much. It has dirty, dated rooms, the shower literally hurts to use, the bed spread had a stain and didn't get replaced, the staff was rude, it took 1 hour to check in, they charge a "resort" fee but this isn't one, and the location appears close (on maps), but is really far from everything.
Right when I entered the hotel it was EMPTY. I never seen an empty hotel in Vegas before. When I stepped inside the elevator, it smelled like urine mixed with barf combined.... (gross) we requested a non-smoking room, but all the rooms allowed smoking.... so we are pretty much second hand smoking. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!
If you dont mind the pit boss changing the deck in the middle of a shoe than you will enjoy. Me personally I will never go back
I originally found a groupon for 19/night at the riviera so my husband and i reserved a room for monday thru wednesday and then as our party grew bigger we reserved the connecting room from sunday thru tuesday..
So on sunday we waited in line for about an hour. We were exhausted from our 4 hour drive from cali. Service was sooo slow. After we checked in, everything was fine but on monday they apparently had a systems failure. The front desk told everyone to come back by 4pm and everything will be fixed. We came back by 4pm, and nothing was done. There was actually a very long line of very angry customers at this point. So everyone in my party just had to cram all their belongings into the one room. We went out, came back exhausted, waited about 40 minutes in line and then finally checked in around 10pm. What a nightmare. 
The following night, my husband and i got back to the room late. Had to be around 2am. He was famished so he called up room service. Room service connected him to the burger joint in the food court. They told him they were closed. So he asked if any of the other restaurant were opened. They forwarded him back to the room service (which im assuming is front desk) and they connected him again to the same people that just told him no. Except this time, they made it sound like someone was opened, until they forwarded him to this other restaurant that never picked up. It kept ringing and the same food coourt people picked up. Seriously?? They are all in the same area.. they couldnt just step out from behind their counter to see who was opened or not? Every time he was reconnected with the food court guy he was given hope that something was available. After about 15 minutes of this fiasco, my husband just hung up. I looked on that little room service pamphlet thing thats next to the phone and it loooked like it all said they were closed by that hour. (I know we should have probably looked at that first but hunger makes you stupid sometimes) why couldnt these customer service reps and food court people just have said that to begin with?
Then it was time to check out of the rooms. I noticed the checkin/checkout kiosk was working so i decided to go with that to beat the long line. It was simple enough, but then when it printed out the receipt it came out blank. I had to get back in line just to make sure everything was in order. Ridiculous!

Pros: decent rooms, decent location, cheap.
Cons: incredibly unorganized, slow front desk service, lack of knowledge regarding room service, terrible food in food court

One more thing! The things included in the resort fee are completely useless unless youre going to utilize the swimming pool (but who wants to pay $15 to play in some chemically filled, dirty old pool? Couldnt even use the wifi.. signal wasnt strong enough..

Dont think ill be returning here unless desperate for a room. :)
It's not a high end hotel, but it's nice for the price. I've stayed here twice. The rooms are updated and clean. If they updated the outside of the hotel I'm sure they'd have more customers. I'd definitely stay here again.
I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "Barbary Coast?!? Why not just play downtown?" Well, for one thing Barb's cleaner then downtown. Also you don't need to take a cab to get there (obviously assuming you're staying on the strip and let's be honest if you're a yelper you're staying on the strip). Additionally the "charm" sorta grows on you and the games are more than fair (5x craps, NSUD, and two deck bj w/o the completely sucka' 6:5). Above all though it comes down to the drinks. They do give you beers in tiny cups but the place is small and there are lots of cocktail waitresses. Play at the tables and you're going to get drinks. Play at dollar machines and you're going to get drinks. Hell, one time I actually had to turn away waitresses while I was at a nickel machine! They're egalitarian about their alcohol service. So let's all just hope that Harrah's doesn't buy them up, tear them down, and turn it into another completely lame strip casino w/o the class, the games, or the drinks - because then we really would have to take a cab downtown...
This is a dive casino, if there is such thing. Good thing, since every time you are gambling you might not want to be glitzy and glamy. In any case, the tables here are fine and the drinks are free like every where else... BONUS: its on the most important cross-streets in Las Vegas; Flamingo and Las Vegas BLVD.
Great casino and a great place to stay unless you need a pool. Rooms are spacious,2 king beds and absolutely dead quiet even
though the heart of the Strip is right outside your window.  Lots of 
hardcore gamblers make this their headquarters.
The Coast with the Most!

Las Vegas pretty much blows, as its just an arms race to see who can make the biggest energy-wasting eyesore.  

However, the "Victorian Room" cafe and restaurant at the back  end of the Barbary Coast (next to the glass souvenir case and magazine rack) serves a delicious cheap meal, perfect for down-on-their-luck not-sure-if-i'm-dehydrated-or-hungry-or-just-drunk folks.  Two bucks for all drinks, although they serve imbibables in little plastic dixie cups.  And it's pretty hard to pretend to be a high roller, considering that is the same kinda cup you use to gargle at the dentist's office.  

But the special meal deals that kick in between 11pm and 7am are a great find.  $3 for pancakes, bacon and toast.  $7 for a delicious steak, 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast.  $13 for a prime rib that is, according to a friend, better than a Ruth's Chris.  

A highlight for a city of fakes, this place is true.  What "stays in Vegas" is actually your money.
I can't attest to anything but the fabulous-ness of the casino here.  I didn't stay here...we were at The Mirage (just down the Strip).  But, please, I loved this place.  My friend loved it even more, as she won $160 at the $5 blackjack table.  It was her first time playing.  I couldn't believe it!  As bitter as I was (just kidding, I was happy for her, really I was), I enjoyed myself too.  

This place strikes the balance between ridiculous "see and be seen" casinos and creepy, dirty places that make you feel violated. The dealers were so friendly and helpful.  They have $5 blackjack tables all night long. The bartender was a total sweetheart and the cocktail waitresses were seriously attentive.  The free drinks were a great conciliation prize for my money-losin' ass!  

The best part of our Barbary Coast experience, however; was the awesomely cheesey 80s cover band that played from about 1:30 - 2:30 am!  They helped me rally for another 2+ hours of Vegas debauchery. I was sad that they only played for one hour, especially because they busted out more than one Pat Benetar song .  

This place made my hazy, over-the-top Vegas experience that much better!
Great place to gamble.  Good location.  But wierd vibe sometimes :-(
If you knew all the places I gambled, you'd wonder why I would occasionally play here. Is it the downtown minimums on the strip? Is it the fact that alcohol flows freely compared to other strip casinos? Nope, it's neither. One word Dre's. And not only when I'm going there. If you are smart, and I obviously am smarter than the average bear, you can find a strategic table along the main route to Dre's. Once here, you will not be able to concentrate on your cards. I have two kings? Hold on, let me think about this... as my entire head as well as the rest of the table turns on cue...
i like this place a lot. it reminds of king's island in ohio if that means anything to anyone. 
the location and rooms are perfect for the price. 
and the casino is cheap and easy. 
the free drinks floweth and you never feel scowled at when returning to your room at 5am, drunk and penniless.
Looks like the casino isn't the best, but I'm writing this mainly about the restaurant, the Victoria Room (I think). They have an all day special of Prime Rib or Top Sirloin, cup of soup or a salad, baked potato, and dinner roll all for $13.95. Tasted great and was really fast! 

If you're in town for a few hours, check it out!
I hate this place. Their oxygen is way less strong than lots of the casinos that are just next door. The other day I was playing Pai Gow poker and I couldn't even make it past 8am! I was practically passing out during my comped breakfast at that awful mess of squishy leather booths they call a restaurant.  Get with the program, guys. The Orleans knows how to do it - next time you light a cigarette, notice how strongly the match burns.  They've got that shit turned up to LUDICROUS.  Leave the ether at home and skip the Barbary Coast - oxygen is where it's at.
At 3.00 am my friend is playing craps and of course, betting against himself. People don't appreciate this technique, I however, find it wonderful. So as he keeps rolling and betting against himself and winning and laughing and other people are laughing and angry because he is a crazy drunk, Morgan isn't paying a lot of attention to a whole lot else. Luckily enough, he apparently has the cocktail waitress set to 'fill 'er up' as she keeps coming around with Crown 'n Cokes and happily putting them in his hand. This behavior continues until the point at which Morgan has 3 Crown 'n Cokes stockpiled under the table with another one in his hand. He drank them all, we lost all our money, but had a glorious time of it. Fun spot.
Shortest review ever:

Based on the fact that a GINORMOUS man known as Fat Elvis plays the lounge 5 nights a week, this place gets 5 stars.

There are Elvis impersonators and then there are I Ate Elvis impersonators.  This is just some awesome, free fun.
Come on man, Drais is here!

They have a FREE shuttle that takes you over to their sister casino, Gold Coast. Although you may not want to go to Gold Coast, it is beside the Rio and across from the Palms. Saves on taxi fare and you don't have to stay at Barbary Coast or Gold Coast to hop on that shuttle.
I dig this place.

Perfect location right in the middle of the strip. 
Least amount of walking from your room to gambling.
Friendly staff (always willing to help, quick and strong with the drinks, talkative dealers)
Clean rooms with flat screens.  
Cheap.
Fat Elvis.

Sure, it's no mega resort.  Sure the gambling floor is small and the restaurants aren't the best.  But, it's one of the hidden gems of the strip that will surely be gone in a few years.  

Enjoy it while you can.
I was going to write this review under Bill's Gambling Hall but no one seems to be calling Barbary Coast under it's new name. It's still Barbary Coast according to the taxi drivers. And if I wanted to get where I was going, I had to inform the taxi drivers that I was staying at Barbary Coast.

Best location at best price ever. C'mon $80 bucks a night. Who are you kidding? Why would you stay anywhere else for center strip views and proximity? My room had views of Paris and the Bellagio fountains. It was equipped with a mounted flat screen tv (see pic). The room was huge and clean. The bathroom had its own full sized ironing board with iron. I had tons of space. I am so happy I chose Barbary Coast over some of the other economy hotels. Security and Front Desk service is great also.

I've been told that the prime rib is bomb at Barbary Coast. Heard good things about Drai's also. Seems like everyone likes the Barbary Coast.
This will *always* be the Barbary Coast to me. The dealers were all young and friendly. I loved the intimate feel of the casino. And it's a little "old Vegas" right on the Strip.
It's sort of an old looking casino.  I did not know they even had rooms.  It doesn't look so pretty from outside, but if you are on a budget, I'd say go for it.

The location's great.  Next to Bally's, Paris and across the street from Caesars.

The casino is smaller.

Lower limits compared to other casinos on the strip so always very lively and packed.  Very packed.
Stayed in alot of shady Vegas hotels.  And this isn't the worst one..that warrants the dual stars.  Other than that, location is decent and price is right.
There is no reason to come here. Well, the cafe is good. If you are looking for affordable and good off-hour eats then come here and get your grub on! Other than that, the tables (gambling kind) are kind of a joke and the rooms here... well, stay somewhere else.
good breakfast buffet and good steak and eggs deal. but very crappy hotel.
the only thing that saves this crackhouse of a casino is it's all you can eat breakfast buffet. wonder what it'll be like once it turns into the hooter's casino?  probly just as terrible.
Horrible, horrible, horrible.

First we made the mistake of getting off the elevator on the 5th floor which had been completely gutted for remodeling. No wallpaper, no carpet, nothing but a lamp with no shade on the floor and an impending feeling of doom. (our room was on another floor)

We were woken up to a giant jackhammer on the floor above us at 7am. We then had to go through hoops to get moved to the 2nd tower which was not under construction.

The restaurant staff told us a meal would be comped and then tried charging for us. The supervisor argued with us and basically told us we were lying.

When he went in the back we stole the food. 


It's now the Hooters Hotel and Casino. The construction is reportedly over, but as god is my witness i will never step  foot in that building again.
Stayed here for 2 nights in August. Road-tripped to Vegas to see Dropkick Murphys play at The Joint at HRH. Wanted to stay at HRH, was WAY too expensive, and began to google nearby hotels so I could walk (stumble, whatever) back to my hotel room and not have to pay for a taxi or the monorail. I found this little hotel, recently re-modeled, with cheap rooms through Expedia or Travelocity. The ratings varied from fair to good, so I figured "why not?" since I'm tired of Travelodge and it was, literally, across the street from HRH. Let's break it down...
Plus...
+Good service
+Offered food and cheap bucket-beer and pizza combos. Never ordered anything, but reviews said it was worth the buy
+Mini "Rehab" pool party during the afternoon at big pool. Live DJ, bar, etc. Bouncers very friendly to hotel guests. Again, didn't go (I don't like drinking when there's kids around), but seemed nifty.
+Several pools on property
+BIG room, basic cable, 2 A/C units that worked wonderful, living room, minifridge, microwave--all included with any room booked
+Bed was actually fairly comfy
+Short 5 minute walk to the best little liquor store on Harmon Blvd
+(For my purposes) HRH adjascent
+Walking distance to several fast-food joints

Minus...
-Auxillary pools could have been cleaner. Leaf debris, ew.
-Auxillary pools music could have been playing a little louder
-Pool chairs were seriously old. Fix it
-Close to airport. You can hear the planes...I managed to tune it out, so not that bad, really.
-Recent remodeled rooms still needed some touch-ups
-Parking was a little crappy at times
-East Vegas, 5-min car ride from strip; definitely not walking distance
-Far from Vegas nightlife (unless you wanted to be ripped off by HRH clubs)

We had a pretty great stay. I'm a really picky traveller, and this trip meant a lot to me. I'd totally go back here. Their minifridge kicked the ass off the one I had at the LHC Travelodge for Tube Float. On a parting note, there was a flash flood and a huge electrical storm on the last night of our stay. We took our kitchen chairs and alcohol outside and watched from the stairwell as lightning struck the strip. Instead of disciplining us, they said: "Rock on!" and allowed us to enjoy the humid night. 
Oh, and if you're silly...they have huge frogs on the property. Fun to chase.
I have never written a negative review, but we were treated so poorly here.  First we paid for a room with 2 Queen beds, but at check in they told us they were full and only had the same room but with one queen and a pull out sofa.  For no reduced price they gave us what we found out was a much inferior room and there was no pull out couch.  After 1-1/2 hours of calls from us,  they finally found a room with 2 beds at close to 9 pm.  We had to pack all our things by ourselves and move with no compensation whatsoever.  The new room was a one bedroom, which is what our room should have been to begin with, but wasn't!

So first they downgraded our room with no discount.  Then they made us move rooms 2 buildings over, again with no compensation when there was a King Suite just down the hall with no one there. At least now my two sons and I all have a bed to sleep in.
My wife and I ended up spending a night there, not by choice United booked us there, from Monday to Tuesday, since our flight was canceled.   First of all this place should be called Motel and not Hotel.  All of the doors open outside.  Upon entering our room we have notice a strong and not pleasant smell.  Well the place is pet friendly so that could explain the smell.  Next we have decided to go for a walk.  The area surrounding the motel is not the safest area, a lot of shady characters.    Then we decided to have few drinks with people that were in the same situation.  After few drinks we notice a couple at the other table taking lines of cocaine.  Yes I'm not kidding, and that's when we called it a night.
Got back to our room, only to find bugs crawling all over the bathroom countertop, and kitchen floor.  Thank god I didn't have a black light with me.  Who knows what I would find.
Counters in the lobby and bar area are dirty and sticky.
To sum it up: place stinks, it's infested with insects, and not the greatest area after dark.
I stayed there for 3 nights, not planned. I had reservations at Riviera but was not allowed early check in so ended up checking in at Alexis, with my boyfriends family. (Different rooms) 

I must say it was an absolute delight staying there. Once checking in, me and my boyfriend were not attended right away but it was fine. Even though it was 4 in the morning, they weren't rude , just a bit slow. 
Once we arrived to our room it was great! Literally looks like a one room apartment. Everything was clean, everything in the hotel worked. It was just great. I would definitely and am going to stay here again for my next visit.
This is a corporate conventioneer's hotel.  The hotel is obviously not uber-fancy Westin fare, it is a Mariott convert of some sorts.  From the window of our hotel we could watch the shady goings on at the little apartment complex next door.  There were people milling about all hours of the night.  I guess the air conditioner window units in their apartments were no match for the 114 degree Vegas heat, and they'd rather be outside socializing.

The pool was tiny, and the hot tub had to be free of germs (hopefully) since it was nearly full strength chlorine water!

Luckily the hotel was just a short walk to the Atomic Testing Museum.  Honestly, this was the highlight of the trip!  Vegas is a huge, compact version of what Orlando would become if gambling was legalized within the city limits.

I will say that the "heavenly bed" was indeed heavenly.  I think they provided 10 pillows or some crazy number like that.

One word of caution - if you have even remotely sensitive skin - DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT use the hand lotion that they provide in the rooms.  I loved the sage aroma of the other toiletries, but the contact dermatitis caused by the lotion was more than I was counting on.

I can't say that I'd recommend this hotel for the price, but like I said - it was a business trip and I was getting reimbursed when all was said and done.  I picked the hotel for the no-smoking in the rooms & the fact that there was a Starbucks in the lobby.
If I could, I'd have given this hotel a 3 & 1/2 Stars. Nice hotel and friendly Staff! As for the location, it's a few blocks from all the main attractions. The dcor is OK though, but the room and bathroom are good and the beds are comfortable. I stayed there at the end of Dec '06.
Went to a conference here, the rooms are clean and nice.  I liked the complimentary water they provide for their guests.  The staff are friendly and helpful as well.  As casino hotels go, this place is pretty dead though.  Doesn't seem like people like come here to gamble.  I have to say that the worst part about staying at this hotel was the fact that the water temperature would change from extreme hot to cold 5 times in the span of a 10 minute shower.
We stayed here for part of our trip because it was free and easy access for my conference at the Flamingo (and much nicer than the Flamingo).  While it is "off" the strip, it is so close that it is faster to walk to the strip than it is to get through other massive hotels and onto the strip.  Our room was very nice, very Westin-ish, with nice decor, heavenly bed, and remodeled bathroom.  We even got a rubber duck to take home to our dog.  

The hotel was quiet which is a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  Honestly, except for the fact that the guy checking us in had no idea what he was doing, no real complaints.  We did not have problems with the elevators...apparently, they have been (or are in the process of being) upgraded.  

The casino is not happening but take a walk or hop in a quick cab and you will be in the middle of everything.  Note - did not check out the restaurant, spa, or pool.  However, there is a Starbucks in the Lobby, which saved my life for this early morning conference.
Stayed here twice now, basically because it is one of the few hotels to accomodate pets. The first time was so much better than the second. Most recently, even the preferred check in line was a ridiculously long wait. Rooms weren't ready at the time promised, a difficult situation when there are pets involved. I also got stuck on a lower floor because of this, though this turned out to be a positive later on. 

The elevator situation is just ridiculous. In a bank of 6 cars, they had 2 operating fully and one with limited service that seemed to be used by the hotel staff more than their own back elevators. Two freaking working elevators for a 14-15 story hotel? Ridiculous.

And what was the solution? An apology, supposed discussion with the staff involved, and points. Boy, that sure made up for it...
I stay here only because it's one of our corporate hotels. It's a slight downgrade from the typical Westin hotels.

The hotel staff, lobby, and check-in has the Westin brand feel but the rooms seem older and not as well kept. 

It's off the strip but easy enough to get to. A short walk right by Bally's. It's definitely cheaper because of it too. 

Biggest complaint is the lack of cabs that come to this hotel. I was almost late several times because I would have to wait 10 to 15 minutes for the bell staff to flag down a taxi. If you do end up staying here, call ahead for taxi service.
Booked this place through one of those travel site for an AMAZING deal! (Let's say cheap = under $100/night for a holiday weekend.)

The hotel is quiet, clean and rarely smells of smoke anywhere. The employees were all very friendly. The pool is tiny but was fully stocked with fresh towels.

Now, let's get to the important stuff: the room! It's not the best of Vegas views but for a room that you can actually walk around vs. just walking around the bed - this place is great! They give you a welcome package with gum, shampoo, hair gel and hair ties - Neat! The room comes with Starbucks coffee and tea as well.

Although it's off the strip, I would for sure come back for a second stay!
There are a lot of things to hate about this place. It's small, it's off the strip, and the rooms were dirty. We're on a tour so we're staying at Westins all the way through. Usually I really like them, but this one was terrible. The bed was still good but my room wasn't up to usual Westin standards. I had stains on some of the furniture and the shower was broken.

If you like being away from the strip and you need a cheap room, I suppose this one is okay. But it's a huge pain to walk places from here and no taxis ever seem to come here so taking a taxi is a big time suck.   This is the last time I stay here.
I missed a flight connection and was stuck in Vegas for the night.  I was able to easily get a room at the Westin with short notice and at a reasonable rate - only $139!  I wasn't planning to do anything but work out of my hotel room so I didn't care that it was off of the strip, didn't have a big casino in-house, didn't have a club, etc.  It's not a typical Vegas hotel so if you are there for vacation and want the real Vegas experience, I would NOT recommend this hotel.  If you want to avoid the Vegas-esque things and just need a comfortable place to stay where you can get Starwood points, I would absolutely recommend this place.

I love the Heavenly beds and the dual shower heads.  Just like every other Westin, the rooms are very nice and comfy.  This Westin also had a lot of free toiletries that you could call down for.  My luggage was checked and lost somewhere at the airport (probably on its way to some other city).  The staff was really helpful in getting me everything I needed: a toothbrush, toothpaste, etc.

The room service food wasn't great but I don't usually expect much.  As long as the fruit is fresh and the food arrives relatively quickly, I am happy.
We stayed here only because we were able to get it for $120/night seeing as World Poker Tour was in town. Otherwise we were looking to spend $200+/night along The Strip. Yes this place is off The Strip but it was a welcome respite from the craziness of Vegas. 

You would figure this place needs to accomodate travelers look for the Vegas experience which this hotel does not cater to. The casino is small and my friends wanted to play craps which they do not open up until 5 PM. Most of the tables were closed because there are literally no people around. I think I saw more people sitting in the hotel Starbucks than on the casino floor. 

A really quick story about my check-in experience, after grabbing the card key and trying to figure out which way the key goes in. I soon realize the key does not work but I figure maybe it's the end user so I ask the floor maid to show me how to open the door. Luckily I took Spanish in high school otherwise there would have been a communication gap. She told me the key I had was likely broken and we literally together spent 10 minutes trying to figure out what was wrong. I think it had to do with the door lock. 

I get a new room and joke that it better work this time around, throwing the idea that I would really like a suite did not seem to amuse the front desk receptionist. However, I did ask them if I could get a room with a view of The Strip. This view turned out to be of the small hotel pool where it was predominately senior individuals enjoying a splash in the pool or hottub, 

The room was relatively clean except the comforter for one of the beds had stains on them. I always take off the comforter and never sleep or lie on them anyway but I expected better.     

Be prepared to either take a taxi to get around The Strip or you can walk in the hot mid-day sun running over to Bally's for the air-conditioning. Stay at your risk but spend a little more and find someplace along The Strip. You won't regret it unless you are traveling for business as it is relatively close to the airport.
Westin's are always nice and this one is spot on for what we needed.  6 lovely ladies traveling to Vegas for a 30th birthday party wanted to be close to the strip but not totally immersed in it.  This hotel is 2 long blocks back of the strip just behind the Flamingo and Ballys.  There is almost always a limo for hire out front ( cheap, cheap) and taxis to ferry you where ever you want to go.  We had two adjoining rooms with the Heavenly Beds ( awesome to crash in after a night of partying!) and Heavenly baths, luxury robes and accommodations.
Oh and its a pet friendly, non smoking place - nice reprieve from the smoke filled mega casinos.
Upon check in look for Grace or Matt both awesome!

Look for Donnell - he is such a nice man!  He even brought flowers and a card to our birthday girl out at the pool!  Totally made our stay!

Yes the casino is small - so if you want a huge casino floor to lose your money on (or to triple it) seek that out somewhere else.

The pool - its small but more than adequate.  They have 6 cabanas for rent in the spa at $100 a pop - very reasonable for Vegas.  Plenty of nicely padded chairs around the pool and hot tub.  Did I mention pool is open til 2am?!  If you're drinking get the Royal flush - Jack and Ananuf(from Brazil)  make an awesome team and were over the top attentive to us.

For eats in the hotel - we dined at Suede for breakfast - good food, affordable and Steven was great!

The Spa - pricey - over priced.  I consider myself a spa brat - I spa just about everywhere I go.  $60 for a quick pedicure is awful and it wasn't even that great - A full on pedicure is $100 - no thank you.  Massage was good but at $120 it should have been.  The staff in the spa were top notch.

The only reason I didn't award the final star was the elevator service.  They state that they are working on it and there are signs to let you know there will be delays.  Its just frustrating - when you are ready to go - you are ready - ya know?!  We never waited more than 10 mins but its just a wait that should not have happened.  Of the  6 or so elevators only 2 or 3 were working at a time.  Many times we pressed 2 to get to the pool but ended up on 1.

Come on its Vegas how many elevators are there?!  Why can't yours get serviced but everyone else's can?!

Overall awesome stay at the Westin. We will definitely be back!
Hi all, here's the story. The hotel is a Westin, but it doesn't feel as nice as it should be. First, the good. The "Heavenly" this and that, is actually really comfortable. You could sleep all weekend and the drapes do a really good job of blocking out the sun. The bathroom also comes complete with Starbucks coffee if you choose. The pool area is a little small, but maybe that adds to the charm. There are a few poolside lounge chairs that have an overhead mist on those hot days. On another side of the pool, there are cabanas that you can pay for. This hotel is also pretty close to the strip.

Now the bad. The casino part of the hotel is very small and they do not have a lot of tables. The craps table was not open most of the time we were there. None of the rooms had a good view of anything from either side. The elevators are whack too. When you press a button, it only affects one elevator, so then you have to press another button to call another elevator...so if this makes any sense to you, there will be multiple elevators coming to your floor unnecessarily.

Okay, don't think I'll be staying here again, but it was the cheapest at the time of booking.
OASIS in the middle of the BUSTLE!

Okay, I have been here several times and I would rather choose this hotel over mega-resorts for the following reason.

1. It is off "The Strip" but not too far
2. It smells so good
3. The rooms are very nice
4. The staff is always friendly
5. It is small and more personal
6. Easy parking
7. Nice restaurant with quality food (NO BUFFET THANK GOD)
8. Non-smoking hotel
9. Nice gym
10. Rubber duckie

Okay, so some of those things people can live without, but if you are not into the big over-priced resorts on the strip that smell like cigarettes all day, and battling people just to get from point A to point B, and like the idea of not taking an hour just to find a parking space, this place is for you.

I think this place is great after being out in all the bustle of Las Vegas all day, you can come back to this quiet respite.  It has everything you want, but it is only like 10-15 minutes from all the other great places Las Vegas has to offer.

For those SPG members, there always seems to be some promotion or give away for SPG members.  Points, free breakfast, what not.  If you are not an SPG member, sign up at the hotel, they will probably give you a room upgrade.
This used to be my favorite hotel in Vegas with the Heavenly Beds, small casino (a plus) and close to the strip location.  Unfortunately, the owners (or new owners) have not done a very good job on the upkeep of this place as the rooms are torn up, dirty and damaged.  Service has also declined as such little perks as nightly turndown service have disappeared not too mention the young and inexperienced staff barely utter two words to you when checking in.....or out.  I'm all for training the kids from UNLV but this is supposed to be a 4 star hotel!   Going back to Planet Hollywood (Sheraton) as they've now completed the renovations.
They allow pets. 5 Stars just for that. I brought my 2 Pit Bulls (6 months old) and well mannered, and they let them stay, and had a doggie towel, and food and water bowls and a dog bed for each (FREE) Awesome! Also close to the strip, love the heavenly beds and shower..... A+ will stay here again anytime!
I echo most of the comments by other reviewers.

The good:
----It's small so you don't have to have an atlas to find the elevators, let alone your room
----The casino is small; Sometimes you want to get away from the craziness
----The hotel is smoke free
----The location; it's off Flamingo which is technically off strip, but it's smack dab at the halfway mark
----The rates are extremely reasonable
----They have an affordable spa

The not so good:
----It's a Westin, but not the Westin's you know.  It's an older hotel made into a Westin, but they do have the amazing Heavenly beds
----The pool is small, but we enjoyed the DJ that was spinning there in the afternoons
Just off the strip near Bally's, Westin has a more central location than many casinos with the added benefit of not getting lost in the maze of slots and tables on your way to finding your elevator bank.

They operate a small casino downstairs that has little energy but offers up $5 roulette and craps which are tougher to find these days.

Beds are great.  Rooms are fine.
I glanced at the negative reviews and I have to say that I didn't have any of these experiences.  

Let me caveat by saying that a) I am a business traveler and b) I *HATE* Vegas.  Sure, when I was a young cat I liked heading to Vegas to do the Vegas thing but I am not a young cat anymore.  I hate lights and bells.  I hate smoke.  I hate gambling and people who gamble.  I hate that there are no trees.  I could go on but suffice to say, I hate Vegas.  But, I end up having to come to Vegas for business fairly often and a have to have a place to stay.  Since discovering the Westin Casuarina, the trips are now bearable.

The casino area is tiny (this is a good thing) with minimal noise and lights.  The bar area is small and relatively tasteful (I don't partake but it's nice to not have to walk past a tacky, smoky bar area to get to my room).  Coming off the elevator, the colors are neutral and muted--not Vegas-electric.  And when you get to your room it is a Westin room (this is a VERY good thing).  Great bed, great shower, great room.  And, unlike most Vegas hotels, the room service food is actually decent quality. 

The only thing that I would mark them down for is that at certain times of the year, the taxis kinda forget about this place.  So this isn't really a knock against the hotel just a caveat about the overall stay experience.
Okay... I stay a a Westin or W at least 3 nights a week. I know these places... the service sucked. Even though all Starwood properties are smokefree.... people are still allowed to smoke in casinos. Freaking annoying. I have to get my hair and clothes smelling like smoke before I get my coffee. The waitress at the restaurant in the hotel was from NY - she was friendly and excellent. I had to wait 20 mins to get into my room... not because there was a line... but because no one was at the front desk.  I was charged a "service fee" when I used points for my stay. (I fought the Westin... and I won..) Anyway... I wasn't impressed by this hotel.
But at least I didn't have Julius Cesare waking me in the morning.... like at that other hotel. Definitely much less cheese here.
During my last trip to Vegas, I chose to stay at the Westin since I am a Starwood Employee, and get a discount staying at a Starwood property.  The Westin is located about a block and a half off the strip.  The great thing about this hotel is that it's a lot less hectic and crazy as the hotels on the strip. It's nice to be able to walk downstairs to the lobby and not have a horrendous amount of drunk people running around.  

The rooms here are pretty nice with the Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Bathroom items.  This is my second time staying in a Westin, and I loveeee the Heavenly Bed and shower head.  The rooms are also spacious, compared to the other hotels on the strip. Regarding the hotel rooms, I have no complaints at all.

The only complaints I have was the service that I got while I was staying here. When I checked in, the front desk agent wasn't very friendly and didn't execute check-in procedures very well. Also, there was one day during our stay where there was not hot water in the room. I called down to let the front desk know, and they said they would have it taken care of. After 30 minutes, there was still no hot water, so I called down and the front desk agent said someone would be sent up to the room to check it out.  After ANOTHER 30 minutes, no one showed up AND there was still no hot water, so I called back down... this time, the same front desk agent answered and told me "It's only been 5 minutes since the last time you called, and we only have one maintenance guy on duty... just wait" and hung up... she said all of this in a really rude tone.  after waiting around for an hour and a half, I decided to drive 20 minutes out of the strip to one of my aunt's house and shower. thank god i have family in town, or else i wouldn't have been able to shower and get to where i needed to be at a certain time.  then later that night, i found out from the bartender that the entire hotel didn't have hot water... if they front desk agent had just told me that and apologized, it would have been a lot better than telling me someone would fix it right away, and not. 

the one good service i got was from the valet though.. the bellboys and valet staff at this Westin are excellent. throughout my entire stay, they were all very prompty, and very friendly getting my car in and out, and also getting taxis. 

as far as the rest of the hotel, it's pretty small compared to the rest of the strip. so if you're looking for somewhere more chill to stay, i would recommend staying here.  it's really nice being somewhere a bit more quiet after all the partying and staying up.  there is also a restaurant on site called Suede, which is very good, but pricey.  there is also a pool at the Westin with beach chairs, cabanas for rent, and also a bar. 

last but not least, everyday from 5:30PM-7:30PM, Westin has the unwind program... basically between those two hours, there is complimentary wine/beer/sodas and snacks for all hotel guests. 

overall, i actually enjoyed my stay here a lot. i liked the facility a lot, but their service needs improvement. Especially being a Starwood employee myself, I know how the standards are supposed to be... And this Westin falls a bit short on service standards.
I *really* like staying off the strip.  No reason to pay $300-400 a night for a bed when the rest of Las Vegas is begging you to visit it.  Things do appear to be changing though. You can't walk into just any pool anymore, so I may have to re-think this strategy.

In any event, the Westin is nothing fantastic by Vegas standards, but is a step up from a no frills Motel 6.
My husband likes to tell people that if someone lit a cigarette in Seattle, I'd smell it at home in Watsonville. OK, I REALLY am that bad about cigarette smoke and I originally chose the Westin because it was practically the only smoke-free hotel in Las Vegas I could find.

This is mostly true: except for the bar and the casino. Of course the casino is smack dab in the center of the 1st floor lobby and you can't avoid it if you're going to Starbucks, to eat at Suede, pick up souvenirs in the hotel gift shop, or catch the elevator to your room. In other words, you must contend with cigarette smoke any time you enter the lobby.

That being said, the smoke annoyance was minimal -- notice I still gave the Westin 4 stars -- but maybe it was because the hotel wasn't that crowded or maybe there were a lot more non-smokers staying there so I didn't have the smell in my clothes or hair all the time. *SIGH* until the pricier/fancier casino/hotels barr smoking COMPLETELY (and that ain't gonna happen any time soon), I'll keep spending my money at the Westin.

The restaurant, Suede, was excellent and except for one dinner, we had all our meals there. I think someone else said it was pricey, yes, it is pricey, but the Wait Staff were way above my expectations; I've eaten at more than a few of those "Celebrity Chef" restaurants on the Strip and had better service at Suede. No complaints about the service or food. People at the front desk were friendly and helpful too; check-in and check-out was a breeze.

Our room was clean and didn't smell like dog as the Westin is a pet-friendly (ewwwwwwww!) establishment. The heavenly bed and shower were wonderful as well. We stayed three nights and my ONLY complaint was that we couldn't get our room cooler than 72 degrees. I called the front desk and a repair person was there in about 15 minutes (English was not his first language however) but when he left he said it was "fixed." Never did get the room to cool down below 70. Guess I should consider my self lucky since it wasn't the hot season in Vegas yet.

Like others have already said, I like the fact that the Westin is off the Strip, parking is self-park & free (unless you use the Valet). Overall, the hotel is clean, quiet, and comfortable. It's also right next door to a small liquor store so it was easy to go and buy a bottle of wine or a snack if we wanted without having to pay room-service prices.

Like I said, if the hotel was REALLY COMPLETELY SMOKE-FREE I'd have absolutely no complaints. I'll go back to the Westin if I ever have to go to Las Vegas again.
DO NOT GO HERE! Oh my God, I didn't realize we can post reviews for hotel here otherwise I would have done this a lot sooner.  I was here last year on Labor day weekend.  Let me just say this is the most worst and unprofessional Westin I have been to and will not be back for a long time.  First off...they put us on the floor where the pets were (we reserved 3 rooms) we didn't realize it until we heard a bunch of dogs barking...not only that a bunch of us got bed bug bites all over our back.  (sickening) then we ordered room service, they messed up on that order and then it took about a whole hour to receive my refund which they didn't even do correctly and refunded back the whole bill when they were suppose to just refund 1 item (idiots! but that's good for me) to top it all off, my friends booked 2 separate couple massages only 1 couple massage happened because they woman that booked the appointment thought it was only for one couple well in fact we clearly said on the phone.  It was a disaster!!  They only compensation was a free massage (only to be used at the Westin Las Vegas)

this place is pathetic!  Maybe others have had a more pleasant stay but ours was a nightmare.

Might I lastly add, I learned that this a privately owned Westin which probably explains that sorry ass service.
Stayed here for a meeting pre-NAB. It was just off the strip. The rooms are typical of a Westin. The beds are comfy as usual. The meeting space was ok. The pool. Well this is a place to just rest and maybe get a tan. It's small. It is centrally located off the strip. Just south of Balley's and Flamingo. I like that the long time restaurant Batista's is close, the monorail and liquor store.
The Casino is very small. Pretty much one table for a game. The action was slow. They do have a game which i can't  remember the name. It has a side bet - sucker possible but pays 1000 to 1. A friend got the correct cards but didn't play the side bet. Second time that had ever happened.
Went to Westin for a post-NAB conference.

They did a great job trying to make it look like a W Hotel inside and in your rooms.  But still, since it's off the strip and it's a long block to the strip, there are some unusual characters in the lobby.

Unfortunately the action is dead after midnight over there.  

Service:  NA
Price:  NA
Interior:  5/5
Exterior:  3/5
Park:      5/5

Go Back:  Only if your vendor pays for cabs to the strip and other entertainment centers.
Recommendation:  C List
I stayed here for a conference. After staying at the Imperial Palace (which I recommend everyone to avoid at all costs), I may be giving the Westin a nicer review than I would normally.

Overall, I thought this hotel was great. It's smoke free except for the casino area, which is pretty much impossible to find in Vegas. The standard room I stayed in was fairly large. The bathroom and beds were really nice and everything looked clean. The bed had one of the nicest comforters I've used at a hotel - it was fairly comfortable, and I definitely got a good night's sleep (probably because I was so tired from the weekend).

All in all, it's a great business hotel. I did a prepaid deal (no refund if I canceled), which gave me a great rate on the room. The internet was pretty ridiculous at $14 per day, but I guess that's to be expected.
This is my go-to hotel when I go to Las Vegas. I like it for the reasons that many people might not. 

I like it because it's off the strip by a few blocks. This means it's set away from the hustle, bustle, and people handing out porno leaflets anytime you walk on the strip. It's about a 10 minute walk to Caesars, which is fine by me if I want to hit up the sports book, eat a fancy meal, or take a cab from there up the strip. (one of the drawbacks of this location is that cabs are few and far between)

I like that it doesn't have a giant casino. I like to play blackjack, but I don't like to play blackjack with a bunch Stetson-soaked douchebags in $200 linen shirts. In this way, the Westin is just my speed, with fast and efficient dealers and friendly drink service. The sports channels projected on the walls above are a nice touch as well.

I like that it has a pool that isn't packed all the time. The Westin company has branded itself as a place of relaxation, and I find laying poolside at this location utterly relaxing, with very few instances of screaming kids. The cocktail waitresses out poolside are never too busy to bring a drink.

The rooms are nicely appointed, and the Heavenly Bed (these are at all Westins) is the best bed I've ever slept in. I hope to one day recreate it in my own home.

Customer service has been great every time I've stayed there. I especially like dealing with Fred Lenna, who is a cool character quick with a recommendation or an upgrade.

The Unwind Service, a free (and bottomless) Sunday through Thursday wine, beer, and snack buffet is a nice touch. It seems like in Vegas it's harder and harder to get something for free, and to hang out with some free drinks and nosh is something that keeps me coming back.

And when I do, I'll be here.

My scale:
5 of 5 Stars - Would make a special, even long-distance trip to go here, and evangelize its greatness to others
4 of 5 Stars - A go-to option, even if there were other more convenient or less expensive options available
3 of 5 Stars - Inclined to give it another shot, just to see
2 of 5 Stars - Would not go back, once was enough
1 of 5 Stars - Would actively avoid, would recommend against going to others, experience filled with great sadness and regret
My best college pals (Hi girls!) and I decided that we needed to get away for a bunch of celebrations. After much debate we settled on Vegas. 

Megan- I got us really good cheap rooms at the Westin. But it is a non-smoking hotel (but you can smoke in the casino) and the casino is small.

Me- It's non- smoking and it is in Vegas? Oh so avant- garde! Kinda like being in Vegas just not as sinful.

The beds are simply heavenly! 5 stars

The showers are dual- headed and heavenly! 5 stars

The towels are fluffy and heavenly! 5 stars

I was worried that the hotel would be packed with older people and honeymooners... It was. But this usually entails less drama. The lobby was not crazy sprawling maze. I did not have to fight drunken 21 year olds to get to my room. I didn't need to get to the South elevator tower to get to my room and the East tower to get to my friend's rooms. I did not have to go up 10 flights of lot floors to find a parking space. I actually felt refreshed after waking up here, on 5 hours of sleep, because I felt like the Westin provided me relief from all the Vegas madness.

This is the ideal place if you want a smoke-free environment, no hassle and clean environment. Not the place if you want to stay at a happening party hotel.

Me likey!
I think it's funny that out of all of the places that I reviewed in Vegas for my list, I failed to write a review for the place I ACTUALLY STAYED IN. Well, maybe that goes to show how memorable (or not) my stay actually was. Was it the Four Seasons? No. But did I find Mexican children sleeping in my bed? No!! (Read my review of the Summerfield Suites in Chatsworth for THAT story.) All in all, it was a small, comfortable, relatively clean hotel with a nice workout room, and is also pet-friendly. Definitely a good priceline.com Name Your Own Price deal.

...But was it really four stars the way it's being billed? Umm, probably not. Their pool is literally the size of a deck of cards, and the spa has a capacity of 9. Maybe this would be ok in San Diego, but VEGAS?! Aside from gambling, what *else * can you do in 110 degree heat other than visit the pool? Not very well done, Westin. I appreciate that they tried to gussy it up with a live DJ and a few lovehandled cocktail waitresses (nice attempt, Starwood), but when you can only have about 30 people anywhere around the pool at a given time, it's hardly worth it. If you have a car, go sneak into the Wynn, like we did.

I was also EXTRAORDINARILY happy hat it's a non-smoking hotel. I didn't have to wake up each day smelling like death. Yay!

One last thing -- don't let the Westin people pull their $10/day "hotel services" scam on you. If you book through Priceline, THAT is the negotiated total. So when you're ready to check out and you see that the staff have surreptitiously slipped a billing notice of $10/day for "hotel services," march your Vegas-sunkissed ass downstairs and (nicely) demand to be told the meaning of the letter, and then sweetly but firmly refuse to pay it. Because it's bullshit. And price gouging.  They just hope you're too drunk and/or hung-over to notice. They'll probably tell you "ok we'll waive it, but JUST THIS ONCE," and you say ok, and then remind yourself not to stay there again. Either way, your righteous negotiating will at least save you some money if you're staying anything longer than one night.
i dont think i've ever hated a hotel as much as i hate the westin cauarina las vegas hotel
they upgraded me to a full suite on my last stay, complete with three sinks, three rooms, and a walk-in closet
they did everything a hotel could do to make it up to me
but when you get robbed when you're staying in a hotel, you don't forgive easily
Not great in terms of the hotel itself, but decent location off the strip puts you right in the middle and walks to the Wynn, the Venetian, the Billagio, and Caesers are all manageable. 

This is a typical Westin experience with Heavenly xyz, etc. but a bit more beat up then a typical Westin. 

If you're going to spend your day in the sun, you can probably do better at the strip casinos who have massive pools. The Westin's was like an oversized bath tub and was dirty with a nice oil slick on top to boot. Its casino was also small and rarely buzzing, but they do keep minimums at the black jack tables low which means you lose your money much slower here. They were also playing really mellow music; it felt like sitting in a coffee house than a casino. 

Finally I must mention the ants in our room. Tiny red ants first spotted in the bathroom then in the carpeting in the room. Basically the longer we stayed in the room the more ant havens we found. When we checked out we got some charges taken off our room and were told the room would be "deep cleaned" but lodgers beware: probably best to keep your baggage off the floor lest you bring home the bastards to what are surely all spotless homes.
Had to go to Vegas for a client meeting and I booked a room at The Westin. I discovered the Heavenly Beds years ago when I stayed at a Westin in Minneapolis....and I've been dying to sleep in one every since. Now I remember why I loved them so........one day when I run into a large lump sum of money I promise myself that I will purchase this lovely bed- and all the trimmings that come with it....

Plus it helps that the Westin is just a really cool hotel anyway....3 stars for the Westin......as much as I despise Las Vegas I would come herea again.....
I got this hotel for a great deal on priceline (less than 115 per night)

This was my first trip to Vegas, so not really familiar with much of the hotels but I had several friends staying in other places. At first I thought maybe our room was smaller than some of the other hotels like Paris and the Monte Carlo, etc but after visiting our friends rooms I realized ours was the same size.

If you are picky about "ritzy" rooms, or looking to spend a lot of time in your hotel and want everything literally at your fingertips, this isn't the place to go. The casino and pool are small and there's nothing terribly "Vegas" about this hotel. No shops, only one restaurant, one bar... it's very small scale. 

For us, it was great. We just hung out at other hotels to get the kitschy Vegas experience but still had a comfortable nice room to come back to that was half the price of other hotels and within walking distance of lots of Vegas hotspots. I'd say if you are looking for an affordable nice room and willing to go out of your hotel to experience Vegas this is a great choice. 

The staff was very helpful, valet was quick, check-in was MUCH faster than it was for my other friends staying in other hotels, and because there's not 3000 rooms in this place its easy to get to your room without having to wait for an elevator or navigate a maze.
Its an ok, clean hotel...but the location kind of sucks and not quite up to some of the standards I've expereinced at other Westins. I mean, who goes to vegas to stay at the westin?  Unless you've stayed at every other hotel in town before (I have), I wouldn't recommend staying here on vacation.  For saving money, its fine....but I'd still prefer a strip hotel.
Bidded for this hotel on Priceline.com. Although the rooms are very nice and reflect the 4 star hotel rating, here are the things that I am going to complain about:

- far from the hotel strip or any form of entertainment if you are walking
- they charge an extra mysterious "resort fee" on your bill when you check out which is so stupid considering that the booking has already been prepaid in full
- the hotel is not themed and is more of a business style hotel. this does not make any sense at all because when you are in Vegas, you expect very lavish themes such as Caesars palace, venetian MGM etc.
- this hotel takes away the feeling of being in Vegas because nobody gambles or plays here.
- the gambling area is a joke
- their swimming pool does not even compare with any of the other hotels, and is similar to one that you would expect to find at a cheap motel.
- they charge you something crazy to use their crappy internet connect which is really two dinosaur computers with ancient monitors
- crappy "Zenith" branded tvs
- nothing to do in this hotel and you find yourself only sleeping here and gambling, eating, clubbing at other hotels. makes you feel sad about being in Vegas and regret the fact that you stayed here.
This hotel is not really on the strip. It is a 5-10 minute walk to the strip. It may sound like a short walk, but during hot or cold days...it's gonna be a tough hike. And after walking all day, this is not a hike you would want to take. As for the star rating, I think you have to compare themed hotels with non-themed hotels. MGM, Treasure Island, Luxor are 4-star themed hotels. Westin is a 4-star non-themed hotel. Some people think themed hotels deserve more stars. MGM's carpet is as dirty and stained as the Westin. It happens.

I don't recommend this hotel for people who are visiting Vegas for the first time or bringing out of town guest. You won't get the full Vegas experience. But if you go to Vegas all the time and just need a place to stay or for a business trip, this place is perfect. The standard rooms are decent, clean, and have all the basic amenities. One thing that makes the Westin stand out is their "Heavenly Bed." It is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in (In fact, it cured my back pain!). Even 5 star hotels don't have beds like these. BTW, you can buy their beds and all the fixings online. A king size will run you $3000+...I just had to look into it when I got home =)
We chose the Westin because for the same price as another nice hotel in Vegas we could get SPG points for our stay, and it was as we expected it to be: courteous service, good room of a decent size, great bed, and about 7-8 min walk from the Strip. We were there for one night only and mainly out visiting anyway, so it was a great combination for us.
PS: the possibility to print our boarding card free of charge is a nice thing (although certainly not unique to this hotel) especially as a week before we were in Hawaii and had to pay $12 in another hotel for that!
I also got robbed here!  Someone came into the room while I was sleeping and stole my wallet.  I didn't ask for compensation, but instead, the security accused me of making it up.  I am in the process of retaliating.  I have a police report and fraud reports from my bank from the attempted purchases on my credit card.  Do not stay in this dumpster.

Even if I didn't get violated, I would have never stayed here again.  Besides the hidden fees for things such as "complimentary water", they don't clean anything up!  Pizza boxes from Friday night left in the lobbies until Sunday evening.  What a dump for $120/night.  You're better off at the Sahara and tramming it down to the strip.
I was really torn about the Westin in Vegas...

I love staying at the Westin...the amazing beds, the large rooms, the non-smoking atmosphere...but this Westin fell a bit short of my normal expectations of what a Westin should be.

To start off the visit: went to check in at the Gold/Platinum Preferred Guest desk, and there was no one there. Waited...waited...waited, then someone finally showed up - from her smoking break. I realize this sounds totally bougie, and I don't mean to sound bougie, but whatever...

Another misnomer: I thought this hotel would be a "smoke-free" hotel. When I think of smoke-free, I think...NO smoking, right?! WRONG!! I guess smoking is allowed in the casino and lobby area because it still smelled like an ash tray. Ironically enough, there were signs posted that said "no smoking" yet, they had ash trays and matches at the slots and card tables. Thankfully, the rooms were no smoking!!

At any rate - not what I expected for a Westin, but not total crap like other hotels in the same price range for the area cost.
This is the WORST hotel in Vegas. When they first opened, it was clean, nice and not full of off-the-strip hooligans. My last stay was absolutely terrible. The room wasn't ready until 4pm and they initially stuck me in a room that was vibrating!! I think it was due to its proximity to a huge A/C condensor unit. WTF?!!! I went back to the front desk and asked for another room. And they said I would have to wait again. WTFx2??!!! The front desk people seemed incompetent at best. They finally stuck me in room on the 4th floor instead of an SPG floor and the people in the next room were so loud, I had to complain 3 times the first night to get them to quiet down. Instead of a Westin, it was more like a Best Western. I will never stay at this hotel ever again.
For how expensive the hotel is and despite being a Westin the hotel is a let down. 

I was placed in a room above the main entrance and could hear the random pop-tastic music that they had for greeting cars blaring all night.  They offered no way to tune it out.  Speaker docks for ipods were only for suites so I was out luck.

The hotel was also oddly less than pristine.  The room was musty when I first walked in.  The night stand had a lot of dust and even bits of trash including a gum wrapper.    

Treasure Island was a much better experience.
This has got to be the worst Westin in the universe. Is this even a Westin, or did they take a Motel 6 and change the name and wallpaper?

The first floor lobby is not a lobby, it is a really cheap-looking casino. The hotel probably posted 2000 signs that say "No Smoking," but it reeks of smoke. 

When I called to order breakfast, they neglected my order b/c they couldn't figure out my room number (doesn't the phone service do that automatically, that's why they know your last name?!) I called an hour later to ask where my food was, and the manager had to fix this simple problem. 

The chicken entree I ordered was terrible. Teaches me for being lazy and wanting to stay in my room for the internet. Chicken was dry and tasteless, fries were way, way, way too salty, there was too much salad dressing and it was too rich. 

Apparently Starwood members are supposed to get free drink service every night, but when I checked in, they specifically told me it was not a complimentary service. 

I received an urgent FedEx package the morning after I checked in, and no one bothered to inform me. No slip under my door, no phone call. Again I had to track it down myself. 

Seriously?!

Of course, there were also a few good things about this place. The guy who hails cabs is super nice and friendly, and so is the guy who brings up room service. I may be spoiled in thinking this -- although I don't think so -- but, while I appreciate those things, they're expected at a Westin.
Decided to stay at the Westin on a business trip so I could earn a few more Starwood points and since I wasn't attending a conference, could pretty much pick where I wanted to stay.

While I suppose they met all the general requirements that Starwood mandates, I just felt like there was something off.  Granted, the rooms had great furnishings and other than a little wear and tear, were well appointed.

I guess maybe my consternation has more to do with the downstairs?  The bar and casino area just seem a little off...I don't know if that is because I'm used to over the top casinos at the Strip hotels, or the fact that I'm not used to gambling and smoking at my normal Starwood stops.  Granted this is Vegas, so of course they're going to have these things, but it just seemed...wrong...

Also, several of us who had non-smoking rooms could smell smoke residue in our rooms.  Whether that was seepage from nearby rooms or someone who had smoked previously in our rooms, the hotel needs to be a little more on top of keeping the airwaves clear!
I'm going to preface this review by saying that going to vegas on a business trip is a total bummer.  

I attended a solar conference here yesterday and today - the food served by the hotel for the conference was actually pretty good and the usually freezing cold conference rooms were quite comfortable.  so it was a good place for the conference

highlights:  right behind Battista's,  $.25 roulette after 7pm!!  roulette table host, Paul, was awesome, I just wanted to play and hang out all night, drinking beers instead of going back to my room to check emails and work

lowlights:  the gambling pit was deserted for the most part, not exactly raucous vegas fun,  my room had no shampoo, $14.95 for internet access??  what!

I'd stay here again if I could use my starwood points for a deal just for the $.25 roulette.   'cause I'm a high roller like that
I'm really torn about this review for this hotel. 

It earned 5 big stars for their beautiful rooms, smoke free casino, restaurants, and Starwood Preferred guests lounge. We really LOVED out short stay here while on a business trip last July. 

My disappointments are with certain staff members and their cowardly hotel manager! I planned to surprise my GF with roses in our room upon arrival. I even called ahead of time to make sure the front desk /guest services would accept, sign, and delivery my FTD flowers to our room. 

At check out time, I kept calling downstairs to see what happened to the missing flowers. I had to pay $11.95 for internet access to find tracking on the FTD site. After speaking to a FTD customer service rep, they said it was delivered as promised. WTH? 

After we flew back home to CA, I immediately researched more. I wanted to see where my $80+ actually disappeared to! FTD gave me the name of the person who signed for it at the hotel. It was a lady in housekeeping. She NEVER gave it the front/ concierge desk. It remained there after we checked out. 

OK, I'm pissed, but having personal experience working in the hospitality & hotel industry, I know this could be fixed. Far from it! I continually called the hotel. I kept getting the run around and kept getting transferred and "accidentally" hung up on! They uni formally said the person I need to speak to is "off duty" and to call back at different times. When I did that, they amazingly happened to be too busy, at the moment, to speak to me. The hotel manager NEVER returned my calls (not even a voice mail) and through some lackey, asked if I would take Starwood Preferred points as compensation. I just wanted to speak and try to comprehend their WEAK communication and leadership skills. 

After several weeks, I just gave up entirely, and just wrote them off. I still have ALL my attempts documented with names, dates, times, and dept heads. 

Minuses- 
1. They don't have an 800 toll free number! Which means it's LONG distance phone charges! 
2. Valet parking is under the direct sizzling Vegas sun! I could have parked it myself...without tipping the guy! It was so hot in the car, you'd think Valet would be better in a covered garage.
3. Their lack of accountability was shameful!!!
Wow, I have to disagree with the majority of these reviews. I love this Westin!! 

Great location - just off the strip so everything is walkable and it doesn't come with the huge on-strip price tag. 

The casino is quiet but not crowded. 

The rooms are big and the beds are so comfy!! You can even bring your pet!!

Over all I think this place is a really good value. Highly recomended.
This is a great off-strip hotel.

The key to that statement is "off-strip." Its not a Paris or Bellagio, but rather a tranquil, spa-like experience that happens to be 1 block away from the strip.

The rooms are small, but very well appointed. Our "dream" beds were incredibly comfortable and relaxing. The color scheme is slate grey, soft greens and blues with pure white linens, so the room feels much airier and cleaner than the rest of Vegas. It feels like an escape.

There is no smoking allowed in the hotel. 

It has a near-by liquor store, 7-11, Baptista's and Ellis Island casino for cheap, fast food, liquor, and snacks. The pizza place in Ellis Island blew me away honestly.

The staff is helpful and friendly but no cabs seem to come to this hotel. I think it is because they push their hotel car service so much, which I am not a big fan of.

It isn't the usual quality of a starwood hotel, but it is comfortable and tranquil in a sea of non-stop madness!
I was very pleased with the ambiance and service of The Westin Casuarina in Las Vegas. 

It's a little bit off the main Strip, but that's why I was able to save more $$. 

The rooms were clean and smoke-free. 

The buffet brunch was delicious, and they have Krispy Kreme doughnuts as part of the buffet! Good Times! 

They do have a fairy small casino. I do appreciate the great gift shop and the Starbucks in the lobby.
I agree with Colleen J.! I love this Westin. It's not too far from the strip, yet you can go back to the hotel at night without the parking hazzle and the going across the big casino to finally get to your room. Love the room, and this is the only hotel in Vegas that has a very calming fragrance. As soon as you step into the hotel, you can taste the different smell. We went to have a couple massage at the spa and had wonderful time, very decent, where you can find tranquility. 
Will definitely go back!!!!
I love Westin.. but by God, this one sucks!  I can't even believe people have good things to say?!  The casino is really small and dirty... and the rooms have been partied in a few too many times.  The furniture is worn down and old and the bath tub was gross.  The attitude of the people at the desk and concierge is horrible.

Oh.. and if you book with a third party.. like Priceline, they charge you an extra $15+tax per day to enjoy their services.  Like parking (I thought all casinos had free parking), the gym, the spa, daily newspaper, and happy hour (they have free beer and wine from 5:30 to 7:30).  If you take advantage of none of it, you are still charged for it.  Ridiculous!

I could have paid the same price on Priceline and stayed at the Wynn.  Sucks.

Btw, those pics shown below are really MISLEADING.
Even though this hotel is not located directly on the Strip, it's only about one block away.  The rooms are clean and the "dream" beds are VERY comfortable!  The shower had two shower heads! Nice!  

Since I booked the hotel through Priceline, the rate was very good.  Overall, it was a nice hotel.  If you book here, don't expect a raging casino.  The casino is fairly small.  Also, don't expect great customer service.  The hotel clerk was fairly cold upon check-in and the one upon check-out was worse!  

Beware of hidden fees when you book through Priceline.  I was charged a $15 amenity fee by the end of my stay.  The clerk said it was for "things like parking, maid services, toiletries...".
Westin is listed by Priceline as a 4-star hotel.  I learned that you can do much better low-balling the 5-stars in this economy.  Tip #1:  Don't bother with the four-star hotels on priceline!

About the Westin:  The beds are very comfortable.  There was a little bit of pet friendly dust in the room which aggravated my girlfriend's allergies but didn't bother me.  The Westin charges more for incidentals than other hotels do.  (internet access is $18.95)

A lot of reviewers complain about the $15 "resort fee".  This is a mandatory fee that all Las Vegas hotels charge by law.  Priceline rudely buries this in the fine print but that is not the hotel's fault.  The best a hotel can do here is to be honest and up front about it.  Westin was not.  When I asked about the resort fee during check-in the front desk agent insisted that the fee was already included in my quoted price and promised no surprises.  The next morning there was a bill under the door for $15 plus tax.  Not much money of course.  Just enough to be annoying.  Instead of simply dealing with the mistake, the morning manager shoved a copy of the fine print in front of my face and insisted on reminding me that waiving the fee was a "courtesy".  No it isn't.  Courtesy is getting it right on check-in, or at least taking care of your mistakes and apologizing without reminding me how courteous you are.

We stayed at Trump the following night where they were courteous and honest about all fees and there were no surprises.  We paid less there for a much better room and the incidentals were reasonable.  That's what I'm talking about when I tell you to go for the five stars.
I stayed at this hotel for business recently. It was overpriced, noisy and not worth being "off the strip". 

I was shocked at the $16.95 per day Internet access fee, they did have decent beds, but I would expect that from any hotel at that level. The gym was small but did have current and working equipment. 

The casino was small but I would assume most are coming here for business rather than pure gambling. The worst part was the major road construction on Flamingo, it starts late and night and goes all night long with major road construction keeping you up all night. I have asked my travel department not to book me there again.
Priceline got me a room for one night, 2 doubles for $90.30 including tax.  Research by the hubs revealed the Westin adds on a $15+ "resort fee" in addition to the Priceline price.  Damn, since I had given away my $35/night hotel ON the strip @ Imperial Palace to upgrade to a 4-star "south strip" hotel -- I should have looked a little harder on Priceline's listing of what constitutes strip.  But since the rooms, on the Westin website, were registering at $299, I thought it was a super steal.

I'll definitely say that I was pleasantly surprised -- smaller in scale than I expected, but posh decor.  Small casino downstairs, but it had just about all that we needed for our first night when we're exhausted from traveling but want a little Vegas action (video poker + slots, a blackjack video machine with the video dealers, and a similar 4-card poker machine -- boo on that one though, I lost :P).  

That pool though -- damn. In not a good way.  I can see how they tried, and maybe points for effort, but it was basically rates a 6 for a rooftop pool w/ faux greenery and lots of rocks.  Ten minute walk to the strip isn't too awful -- it's down the street from Bill's Gambling Hall + Half Price Tix, so that was nice!  And caddycorner across the street from Bally's, which made it fab for us to catch Price Is Right and the mini-food court at Paris. 

Good place to stay, just not what I need in Vegas (again, I was ready + excited to stay at Imperial Palace :D)...
I booked my reservation directly at Westin because I noticed they had a $90 deal that included free breakfast buffet for two. What I didn't noticed when I made my reservation until when I researched the map was that it was Maxim hotel I stayed at 10 years ago. 

I stayed at Maxim 10 years ago as a high school kid following parents to go to Vegas. Since it was my second time going to Vegas back then, I remembered the experience quite clearly. It was typical Chinese middle class family going on vacation: six people staying at the same room, staying at off-strip to avoid high price, eating buffet at MGM grand, M&M was a must go because of game arcade... 

Compare to that experience, I felt fortunate this time around because only my sister was coming along to this trip. Before the trip, I was aware of the resort charge because it was already added to my bill. The resort charge includes: 2 bottles of water in the room, parking, steam room and sauna access to their spa, and swimming pool access. 

We tried to check in early but it was not available. I confirmed with the reception on what was included in the bill because a lot of the review I read on yelp stated there were a lot of hidden traps. I noticed there were a lot of information that had been varied according to the source you get the information from. 

For example: 

1) Swimming pool was stated to be under construction on the website. I didn't pack my swimming suit thus and I found out it was otherwise! People were still able to hang out by the pool!! Aside from the pool not very appealing. 

2) From the hibiscus Spa site, they stated that hotel guests need to pay to use locker room. The charge is $25. I was confused about that because I thought the resort charge Westin mandatory charged already included the usage? I was told by reception the usage is free. 

3) WORST OF ALL... We were so thirsty when we went back to the hotel at night. Sister and I saw two bottles of water on the counter next to the tv. I was lying down to test the Westin comfort bed while my sister opened one of the water bottle... I went to the bathroom and found there were two bottles of water. Just that they were not as fancy as the ones lying outside. I though Westin must be really nice and gave us two extra bottles. Then something came to my mind and I rushed outside to check on the water bottles... (check my pic) It was then I realized it was yet another trap!! It cost my sister $8 for a bottle of water that comes from Italy and hopefully a lesson she would remember for a long time. 

Compare to 10 years ago, the interior of the hotel improved a lot: no more strong statics on hotel lobby door knobs, more appealing lobby area. The bed was also very comfortable and breakfast buffet was excellent. The air conditioning in my room has no problem. However, the walls were still thin, the room corridors were also very dirty. I dislike the bath tub because the one in my room has a lot of scratches at the bottom. I probably would not choose to stay here again. If you would like the stay here, you can buy drink and snacks from the gas station store which is next to the hotel.
I'm going to differ with my wife who gave this place three stars and throw down the five stars for a very simple set of reasons:

1. great location- around the corner from the paris/venitian heart of the strip.

2. totally low key.
3. great hotel room value for the real estate.

Hey, it's not the Bellagio, it's a Westin, but it was nice to come back from a night of big fight/downtown vegas gambling to the laid back environment of a business hotel.  It's a concept I call "anti-vegas" and I like it alot. Five stars, bro.
Criminy, people are weird. 

Other than the constant whining about the "service charge" , the main complaints here is the EXACT REASON why the Causarina is so great. 

You're right, IT'S NOT ON THE STRIP, it's about half a block south. So you don't have to deal with traffic, 200 people waits for the valet or taxi, and hordes of sunburned rednecks in tank tops and shorts carrying around tub sized margaritas.  You can actually park your own car in a structure that isn't half a mile away.  And yet the strip is RIGHT there if you desire to see it, a 5 minute walk . 

the casino is small, quiet , and manageable. You can play if you want, or walk through the uncrowded place to your room in about 30 seconds.

And yes, the pool is small - see the earlier posts about rednecks, and with the pool, include 'roided guidos and silicone pumped bimbos as the other Vegas nightmares you won't be seeing at the tiny , relaxing, manageable pool. 

And after a night on the town, you can come back to your quiet, comfortable Westin Bed. 

If you are looking for a crap "theme", a mile long walk to your hotel room, and hordes of Vegas jagoffs, don't stay here.
We go to Vegas a lot and usually have always stayed at the larger, flashier hotels, but this time, I decided to try out the Westin. I'm usually a huge fan of the Westin and although this particular location isn't as nice as the majority of them worldwide, it still has all the fixings which I love about the Westin.

Check in was a breeze and friendly. It didn't take much time at all before we were all headed up to our room. I like the fact that this was a smaller hotel and that we didn't have to walk forever to get to our room. The other redeeming factor was that it didn't smell like smoke. Smoking is allowed in the casino area, but since it's so small, you don't have a host of people hanging out anyway.

Between 5 and 7pm, there is a complimentary happy hour for all guests. You can go down to Suede restaurant and enjoy wine, beer, snacks -- all unlimited -- for 2 hrs. We went down and got some fruit, cheese, chips and they had some pretty tasty wine available as well as various beers and soft drinks.

Later, we were making tea in our room and ran out of tea bags, cups and water (they give you Nestle bottled water for free to make tea and coffee with) so we called housekeeping and within 5 mins they had brought us some more.

The Heavenly bed is out of this world -- I just dozed off in the middle of the afternoon enveloped in its comfort. The shower is another plus with its signature 2 shower heads.

We did have a problem with the AC as it wouldn't register any lower than 72 degrees. I had set it to 65 degrees before we left to go out for dinner and when we returned, it was the same temp. So I again called downstairs and they sent an engineer within 5 minutes. He brought us a bar of chocolate -- how awesome is that?

He changed the filter and fixed the problem and was out the door in less than 10 mins. The room remained cool for the whole night. 

So for me, this was an awesome experience. The service was out of this world. My previous experiences with other hotels is that you can call them, but they won't arrive for at least 15-20mins. I would definitely come back again the next time we visit Vegas. I'm done with all those kitschy flashy hotels.

Oh, and winning money at the casino was another huge plus!!

4.5 stars!!!
Overall, a decent experience. Check-in was prompt and friendly. The room was clean on the surface, but showed signs of much wear, especially the carpet. My ironing board was broken and I called for a replacement. when I came back to my room later, the board was replaced, but #2 was also broken (ironically, exactly the same way with the exact same markings and stains). call #3 resulted in a working ironing board.

Very loud people across the hall, though a call to Service Express resulted in security responding within moments. On my second day (of 3), my room was not made up by housekeeping. I left the room at 8 a.m. and returned at 3 p.m. Albeit, I put out the do-not-disturb sign between 3-4, and housekeeping likely came by then. I left at 4 and returned after 7. I would have appreciated a call asking if I wanted my room made up. 

Main hotel pet peeve - why take the perfectly good bar of soap I opened? Your signs ask me about clean towels and sheets, but why can't I keep the bar of soap I opened?! 

I moved the one bar of soap into the shower (hoping they wouldn't take it). Didn't realize there was no soap until I was in the shower. Had to step out and get the new, unopened bar of soap from the vanity. Annoying. 

The bellman/valet conned me into taking an unauthorized limo service to the airport even though I insisted 3x on a cab. I reluctantly agreed only to have the driver ask me not to tell (oops!) since he isn't authorized to serve as a taxi. A call back to the hotel resulted in a conversation with the bellmen supervisor and someone in customer service. I thought they handled my call very well.

$5 just to log on to the Internet to print a boarding pass? Seriously? 

Oh...to the reviewer who felt duped/conned by the $8 bottle of water on the dresser: the tag attached to the bottle clearly states the price. Overpriced? Yes. Conned. No.
First time staying at this hotel in Vegas.  Found it really cheap on Travelzoo.  $89 bucks a night on the weekend.  Overall, it was amazing for less than $100 bucks on a Fri/Sat.  The bartenders on the night shift were great - shout out to Tim & Joe.  They made great drinks and put up with some drunk messes.  The room is very standard, not too big, but clean.  The tub flooded a bit when taking a shower.  The restaurant, Suede, is very overpriced but I found the food to be delicious.  Starbucks in the lobby (A+)...I loved playing the slots with a mocha in hand.  Could walk to mid-strip in about 10 minutes.

Not too smoky, smelled clean, no wait for a taxi, very courteous staff.  I would most likely stay there again if I can't get a similar price on the strip.
I hate to give a Westin property anything less than 4 stars, but here is a first.  I arrived late and check in was easy.  I went directly to my room since I had an early breakfast meeting the next morning. My room was clean and I unpacked before brushing my teeth and hitting the "heavenly" bed that I enjoy.  

Here was my complaint.  while brushing my teeth I felt a cold tingle on my feet.  I discovered as the water poured out from under the sink that my feet were getting the early splash ( Warning) that something was wrong.  I stopped the water to see that the pipes were disconnected?  Since they were metal pipes this was deliberate by whoever stayed in the room last.  I was too tired to change rooms so I mopped up the water with a few towels ( leaving one for the morning shower) and put the pipes back together as best I could so that I could use the sink to finish brushing and in the morning. I also wedged one of the towels under the pipe so that it would stay together.  It didn't dawn on me until later as to how the cleaning crew wiped up the sink without figuring this one out??

When I got up I showered and used the sink before leaving for my meeting.  I stopped at the front desk to let them know the issue.   They said that they would send up maintenance while I was out.  I went to my meetings and returned to see that Maintenance had been there and really did nothing on top of what I did.  Oh, except move the towel out to the middle of the floor and replace it with a clean wash cloth from on top of the counter.  What service, wow!  This made me upset since you would have thought that they would have scheduled the room to be cleaned right after the maintenance man visited.  No I came back to a dirty room that was a little worse.  Yes the story gets better.  Vegas is hot in the summer and I had walked back from another hotel that early afternoon and needed to wash my face.  Now that the maintenance had used one of the wash clothes for the pipes I only had one left.  I picked it up to see that it was not very clean.  To say the least I am disappointed in this property.

Some good to finish, the staff was helpful ( Front desk) and the price is right ( $119) for a Westin. I would stay here again.
The location of the Westin is very convenient and booked here on recent trip to Vegas for some R&R. Priceline made the selection and the price was reasonable. Is this really a 4-star hotel?! 

As for the actual hotel: check-in was prompt and the staff was friendly. The room was nice, but the cleaning staff left some hairs behind in the bathroom. The walls must have been made of paper, our neighbors on the right must have been on Spring Break and did not understand the concept of quiet and had to call the front desk to quiet these fools down twice in the same night. The neighbors on the left had a twisted sense of humor and mocked having sex or maybe actually did perform the deed, but the commotion only lasted 2 minutes. Premature ejac...? Sad anyway! The experience was exhausting and the only saving grace was the mattress and a Starbucks adjacent to the sad and smallish casino. Steer clear unless the Westin decides to reinforce their walls!
It's not located in the best spot ever (off the main strip) but the Westin had a lot of things going for it.

Fast check-in, fast valet service and free wine, beer and snacks at 5:30PM

The beds are SO comfortable. I mean really nice with lots of pillows. You can really get a good nights sleep even after consuming large amounts of alcohol. The bathroom was very clean and even had a hair dryer and a scale (?) along with all the usual shampoos, lotions and sewing kits. TV was not new but then again, I'm not in Vegas to sit on my ass watching TV.

The pool area is small (but then the whole hotel is on a smaller scale) but has excellent quality comfortable lounge chairs and nice big umbrellas (for those of us with less then adequate amounts of pigment). There is even one of those mist spraying thingies above some of the loungers. Pool itself is small but clean and it was fairly quiet with almost no screaming splashing children. Spent quite a few hours up there. Nice bartender too who kept giving me water with a smile. 

The location isn't as good and you have to walk by some sketchy establishments on the way to the strip but overall the quality of everything was just as good if not better then some of the major hotels (I'm thinking of you Planet Hollywood).
After three nites at Planet Hollywood (reviewed, 3-stars), I was looking forward to my move a traditional and 'quiet' business hotel.  That is what you'll find at the Westin, despite the casino in the lobby.

In contrast to your typical Vegas mega casino resort--you won't be charged $20-$30/day for fitness club access.  And unlike Planet Hollywood's 9AM pool opening time and Mandalay Bay's at 8am, here, the pool opens at 6AM and doesn't close until 2AM!

Also, in comparison to typical Vegas strip mega-hotels (this is 1/4 mile east of mid-strip) this place is tiny.  Say, 300 guest rooms instead of 3,000.  It does have a casino, but small with a tiny sports book offering better odds than big boys (e.g. Patriots 9-2, while Mandalay Bay is 3-1).  Also, on weekdays 5-8pm blackjack has a $5 minimum.

GOOD HOTEL..................................
-No lengthy check-in line.
-My room had nice furnishings.  
-Bath robes in room.
-Evening reception with free beer, wine and snacks.
-Nice, i-POD-compatible stereo radio.
-(my room rate included nice breakfast buffet).
-24-hour Fitness Room
-Decent outdoor pool.
-In room coffee maker.

ALTHOUGH......................................
-Standard, old tube TV.  No HBO, etc.
-Guest room normal sized--i.e. tiny by Vegas standards. That also means a small bathroom, with one tub and one sink.
-It's a little bit amateur-hour management here.  For example, there was no hotel guidebook in room with information on the health club, pool, TV stations, etc.   When I inquired, I was told that the hotel was out of them.  Bath robes were delivered while I was out one evening.  Except they were tossed, rolled-up on the floor.  My blackjack dealer had trouble adding up cards (I am NOT joking).  Some gamblers may think that this is a good thing  ; )
I feel kind of bad to complain about this hotel.  Kind of guilty even.  I dont really know why.  It is totally clean, comfotable and updated and you can tell they are trying to be chic and fun, but I really wouldnt stay here again.  Its a bad location and definitely not for a younger crowd.  The casino is small and the restaurants do not stay open late.  

However, I really liked the pool.
Not willing to spend $200+ for a Saturday night at a fancy shmancy resort, we pricelined a room here for $100 and got accepted.

First, it's not directly on the strip, but rather around the corner from the strip.  It's very close though and I think the privacy was rather nice.

My husband's a starwood preferred member so he was rather surprised that this was LV's starwood property (planet hollywood is too for anyone interested).  He could have easily used his points for the room rather than paying.  But hey, we're not complaining!  $100 for a Saturday night is a sweet deal!!

But gosh darn it!  That damn *HEAVENLY* bed ruined our night!  After a long drive and a few drinks at the pool, we decided to NAP before our night out with friends.  And no, we didn't set the alarm.

Anyways, we woke up 12 hours later!!!  That bed was so comfortable we both drifted off into lala land....  

So this trip was a first for me.  We got plenty of R&R and enjoyed a nice earlybird breakfast at like 7 in the morning...  I'm sure my story could be #1 for the tamest/lamest Vegas trip EVER!!!  

In summary, small facility, good location, small casino, small quaint pool, decent self parking, and a GREAT bed to crash.  4 stars!
I was less than thrilled when we got this hotel on priceline, but I have to say we enjoyed our stay.  A four star hotel it is probably not, but the room was clean and the bed super comfortable.  The bathroom was a little on the small side as was the whole room, but I think it's the big furniture that crams the room up.  Kudos on the drapes for making the room really dark!  Check in was the easiest ever and I was really impressed with their customer service.  My hubby forgot black dress socks, but called down and they brought some right up!  Also was a little too hungover to go out for breakfast so we ordered room service and it was very fast and not bad tasting either!  Pool is not very busy so it was easy to find a lounge chair and is decent.  They also have comp happy hour which we made good use of one particular night.

So if you get a great deal on priceline, not to worry.  No it's not on the strip, but I felt it was actually easier and faster with cabs taking the back roads to and from here.  It was very quiet, never heard anybody from our room, and you didn't have to walk a mile to get to your room.  I would stay here again if I got a great deal and didn't want to mess with a big, crazy hotel.
Similar to Laura l, I was less than thrilled that I got this hotel while bidding on priceline, but overall, it turned out ok.   

The biggest Pros of this hotel were definetly the beds and the shower.  OMG, sinking into that nice, HEAVENLY bed, after a night out...the best ever!  The shower with the double showerheads...very nice.  Location, I thought, is also good, although it's off the strip.  But the places I was interested in going were all really close, and especially if you're planning on driving around, you can drive around the back of the strip and cut your travel time down by at least half! sitting on the strip during traffic times...not so fun.  So the location worked out well for me.  I LOVED their line of shower soaps and lotions that the Westin uses...a green tea line (im sure they call it something that's a little more catchy tho haha) and it's my favorite of all the hotel soaps and shampoos i've experienced yet.

As for the cons.  First off, the room was pretty tiny...and checking in, we didnt get a very nice receptionist lady.  Maybe it's because we dont look like we're old enough to be respectable? Iono.  Also, while, i liked that the lobby was really small, and you didnt have to walk a mile through a casino to get to the elevators as other hotels might make you do...this place is packed with a lot more business-y and professional people, and if you're walking around in your 'vegas-only' attire...you get a lotta weird stares and creepers.  *shudder*  The pool was just alright too...SUPER tiny...good thing we werent in the mood to hang out by the pool, cuz i dont think we would've fit!!  Other than that, my only other complaint is the seemingly lack of service they provide...most hotels i know will provide you with toiletries if you happen to forget them...and it's not like i was asking for a suitcase full! All i wanted was a simple toiletry item, but they had us go to to the gift shop to buy it at like a 500% markup. 

So overall, good and bad to this hotel...i would probably still come back though, knowing what i know now so that i'd be prepared in advance.
My brother-in-law and sister stayed here and had a really nice stay.  They were out and about the entire time though.  I visited once and played in the casino, but was out of luck that night.

The property seems nice enough, but the location isn't great being far enough from The Strip to be away from the action, but not far enough away to be completely away from the action.  Does that make sense?  I guess I am saying that I would rather be much further away from the Strip or directly on it during my trips to Las Vegas.

I called the hotel from another hotel during the same visit to have a bottle of champagne sent to their room.  They did exactly what I asked and took my credit card over the phone.  I was impressed with that.
The Westin Casuarina is OK at best.  The rooms were pretty clean and the beds are the "Heavenly Beds" which truly are amazing, but the place overall (the lobby, hallways, etc..) are pretty drab and kind of gross.  The staff are also not the most competent - they kept throwing my half-used bottles of body wash and bars of soap away and forgetting to replace them--and were dragging around bags of trash (including bottles) really late one night right past my door.  The pool is quite funny once you see it in person (as opposed to the website) and it is quite abhorrent that they charge $17/day for internet and another $17/day for a "resort bundle" of amenities like their crappy gym and use of your in-room coffee machine.  Overall--it's not really how the website portrays it and you could definitely do better for the price--perhaps the Palms (though that's a bit MTV for my liking).
I stayed here during my recent trip to Vegas. We got this room for $90/night from Priceline.com.  

The hotel itself is close to the Stip, particularly to Ballys, Paris, Cesars and Bellagio.  The lobby is decent, not too loud, not too smoky. The staff are helpful and nice.

The pool area is decent; the pool itself is TINY and the drinks are EXPENSIVE. The gym is okay for a hotel gym. The bed was wonderful, but the walls were thin. 

Overall, I would have given this hotel 3 stars as an A-OK if it weren't for the ridiculous events surrounding our check-in and check-out. Upon arrival, we were told that there was a $15 daily hotel fee, normally charged but "waived" for us due to our Priceline deal, that covers: parking, breakfast buffet, use of gym and pool, and high speed internet. I thought, this has got to be too good to be true, so I clarified: "So you're saying this $15 fee is included already in our $90 per night charge?" YES. "And this includes the parking, breakfast, etc?" YES.

Come check out, we were charged $15/day as well as $40 for our one stop at the breakfast buffet. We let them know this was an error. The person checking us out then informed us the guy who checked us in is "a new guy" who "doesn't know what he's talking about" and that the $15 fee is NEVER included in a priceline package. Nor is breakfast.

After speaking to the management we got the $15 fee waived for the 3 days we were there, but we ended up paying $45 for some eggs and potatoes.

They really need to get their story straight about this $15 charge and make sure people know UP FRONT that this is a charge that will be assessed, so if you get a great deal on priceline you will be let down.
This place is pretty cool. First, let me say something about the beds... AWESOME! nuff said. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff from the desks at check-in all through the bar and into the casion were EXTREMELY friendly. Good family atmosphere. 

Some of the down sides, its easily a 5 minute walk to the strip even with long legs and a fast pace. The casio is very small and the tables close by midnight or 1am if it isn't busy. Its pricy if you try to book a room from their website.... and I mean WAY overpriced. I pricelined this room for $75. That was deffinantly a good deal. I would pay up to $84 dollars becasue they charge you and automatic 16 bucks at check in which brings the grand total to about $100.. which is reasonable. 

pros:
great rooms
AMAZING BED
great service

Negatives:
Fairly far from the strip
Overpriced unless you priceline it
not very many people in casino

Also, this place is supposed to be a 4 star... The quality is a four star. Some people say it should only be a 3 star because its off the strip... NEWSFLASH: star rating doesn't use location....
I really love that there is a Westin so close to the strip - literally one block away from two tram stations and 2 blocks from the best shopping areas (planet hollywood & ceasars). The hotel casino, gym, bar, conference rooms are amazing, but the room that I was in was crappy (except for the heavenly bed). There was a big ass tv in the room (no flat screen) and the remote was finicky; there was a digital scale in the bathroom. but no batteries; there was no fart fan in the bathroom (not cool!); and pool and spa was small and full of loud kids (expected, but still not cool). Thankfully, I used my free points to stay here, but I think that's part of the reason why I got such a shitty room location. I've never stayed in a smaller room before. I understand that this is vegas and they love to have shitty service and oddly screwballish kind of rooms and amenities to try and make you get out and spend your money, but damn what good is it if I never want to come back?

It wasn't all bad though, the resort fee is $12, but it comes with valet service (if you want to tip), boarding pass printing, water in the room, use of the sauna, and gym. The casino area is relaxed and not smoke filled and loud. You can actually learn how to play the games because the dealers have only a few customers playing at a time. Oh, the best part is the happy hour! There is an open bar in a room downstairs where you can drink wine (white and red) or beer for 2 hours! Needless to say, I got my $12 resort fee EVERY night.
Over all, quite a nice spot to stay. You won't get the traditional Vegas resort experience but the hotel is nice and comfortable. It's only a short walk from the strip which is very convienent.

Pros:
*comfortable beds
* water in the room
* nice bathrooms and decor

Cons:
* Thin walls
* pool is not that great
Not a bad back-up plan. We booked hte Westin last minute after all of the "Vegas" hotels were either booked or over $350 each. It was fight weekend so it was expected. The location is not bad. It is right off the strip and just as walkable and many of the hoels on the strip.

The rooms were Westin-esque, although we have stayed at nicer Westins. I think this place must have been a different hotel before. They offer a full casino and sportsbook. Although not very big, this can be a good thing for someone trying to learn the games without the pressure of the fast-moving strip casinos.

They did charge a $15 fee for each room, but that entitled each guest in that room (we had 2) to a manager's reception every evening from 5:30pm to 7:30pm. This reception had some light snacks, such as chips and salsa, and more importantly, free alcohol. Wine and beer only, but there were quality beers such as Blue Moon.

In a pinch, I would stay here again!
Not what I expected from a Westin.  This could be the result of unrealistic expectations on my part, but my experience was truly a mixed one.

The good; the location is excellent.  It is just off the strip, so you can be part of the action or return to the hotel for something mellow.  Used their gym, which has new equipment, is clean and offers flat screen televisions to make the workout a little easier.

The bad; booked a non-smoking room, but was hit with that mixture of cigarette smoke and cleaning-solution upon entry.  Was also hit with - the new thing - an unauthorized resort fee upon checkout.  Resort fees are something new hotels are doing.  It's like a gift you hadn't planned on giving.  Whether one uses the mini-bar or drinks the bottled water you receive a general resort fee at the end of your stay; that was not disclosed to me upon check-in and is accrued on a daily basis.  This Westin's daily resort fee is $15, plus tax ($1.80).  People don't have to be tricked into staying at a Westin.  This cost should be embedded in the general price and not added to the bill upon checkout, as if one drank all the soda from the mini bar.

The ugly; discussed this experience with a fellow leisure and business traveler.  Their experience - while traveling on business - several months prior at the same location did not involve a resort fee, but did entail what sounds like inept management during the night shift.  A screaming women next door, male shouts and non-responsive security.  Las Vegas can be an ugly place and it is reasonable to expect immediate response from hotel staff and security.
I was really disappointed in this Westin Hotel, just off the Strip in Las Vegas. 

You would think that Westin, one of the better brands of hotels in the Starwood family, would go all out for their only Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Top shelf to attract both the business travelers who have learned to rely on Westin's level of service, and the casual traveller, who wants a good hotel near the strip. 

They missed on both.

This Westin can't make up its mind between being a business hotel and a Vegas hotel. It has a very small casino, with 1 crap table, a few table games, and some slots, but virtually nobody playing. The crap table never opened. 

And the rooms are small and very much business like, versus Vegas like in size, decor and style. 

And although Westin has only owned this porperty for less than 6 years, it is already showing age around the edges, losing any freshness or swank it might have had at opening. It just doesn't have a crisp feel like many other Westins in major cities have. 

And right now, the city is doing major construction work on this section of Flamingo Road, so getting in and out of here is a hassle. 

If you want a business hotel in Vegas, I suggest you try Embassy Suites on Paradise. And if you want a more resort like hotel that is reasonable, try the Hilton Grand Vacation properties (there are 3 in Vegas). EIther can be had for under $150. OR get those internet deals from the major Casino Hotels, which are offering some great deals. Like the Venetian mid-week for $69, or many others for under $100.

At least I got 1 day of starpoints to add to my Starwood SPG account.
Choose your own adventure! This hotel is perfect for people who like the excitement of Vegas, but aren't looking for a 24/7 party and like to relax as well! 

Its such a short (5 minute) walk to the strip! My friends all stayed @ MGM the same weekend and it was probably a 10 minute walk just to get out of their hotel after leaving the room, walking down the loooong hallways, waiting for elevators, walking through the crowds, past the theaters, casinos, etc. I was so happy to have the calm lobby of the Westin to welcome me home each night!

This hotel has all the amenities of the bigger strip hotels but on a smaller scale and without the crowds. There is a small casino area (where it seems to me the odds were better than the bigger hotel casinos), a Starbucks, hotel restaurant (breakfast buffet is great!), gift shop, pool, and even a spa which i'm excited to try next time! There is also a
convenience store just a 1.5 minute walk from the front doors, yes, yes, very convenient! Plus if you decide you want the huge flashy casino, drunk frat boys, and smokey atmosphere, the strip is right up the block!

Some of the other Yelper's complaints on here seem unwarranted to me. I have stayed at this hotel 5 or 6 times on various floors and have never had any problems. I don't see many signs of wear and tear at all. The rooms are decorated very modern (no hideous flowered bedspreads here!), the hallways are painted and carpeted in calming, nuetral tones. The beds are super comfy. Plus I love getting two free bottles of water in the room (the ones by the sink, not the ones on the entertainment area!!) cause it's the desert, you gotta stay hydrated people! Staff is extremely nice and very helpful with directions, recommendations, etc.

The $15 a day fee is not uncommon for many reputable hotels to charge. You should always ask about additional taxes and fees when booking a hotel room to get an actual price that you'll be paying. If you don't, that's your bad!

Additional pro's:
10 minute walk to the Miracle Mile Mall @ Planet Hollywood. Mall is huge and stays open til 11pm 
10 min walk to the Bellagio to see the fountain show!
When u walk up to the strip, you are nearly dead-center so its not too far to get to the end (North strip or south strip) in either direction!
First and foremost, Las Vegas Casinos don't give the  love to pet owners as much as other cities and their hotels.  I know the pets don't gamble, but I would rather have a cute dog next to me than a drunk twenty something throwing up on the hallways after over drinking and losing his 100 bucks playing craps.

That being said, I read most of the reviews here before I went to this Westin.  I wasn't expecting much but got a great deal.  Of course, I drove from San Diego for Thanksgiving with some of my family so I had a car to drive around the strip.  I have been to Vegas so many times that I don't even do any touristy thing unless there is something new.  Unfortunately, the new City Center (67 acres of steel and metal) was not open ye (supposed to have specialized boutiques like 5th ave in NY or the Magnificent Mile in Chicago see the website).  There are also various hotel and residential properties along the same property.

Back to the Westin, as described by others, although it labels itself a Hotel, Casino & Spa, it is more of a Hotel and Spa.  The casino part is small and very intimate.  There are some slot machines and table games but the table games are only open at night and 24/7 only on weekends. 

The room was pretty standard with some of the fixtures updated and I never felt I was at a motel or some lower class hotel.  Seeing some of the other hotels in the strip, The Westin is dwarfed and there is not a lot of bldg and prkng to speak of.  There is no lounge area (thank god) but there is a bar if you come back from some event or show and want to just sit and drink before going to bed (even play video poker).

I can honestly recommend this more to those who bring their dogs (20lbs or under).  Its the closest to the strip if you do not desire to walk far.  I have stayed at the Staybridge Suites off Russell Road and 15 but  its not an easy walk to the strip from there.  And they were never surprised that a dog or dogs were being walked in the lobby to do its duty outside.  The outside path for the dogs is fairly small and next to the outdoor Employee area (for smoking - the hotel is non-smoking except in the lobby/casino area).

If you ever have any questions about this place, let me know.  Service itself is adequate and useful.  One feature that I like is Room Service.  I know they are overpriced but here is the deal.  You drove for 6 hours and now you are in your room hungry, do you really want to get up, and go downstairs to the lobby restaurant or even drive to another casino/hotel to get some food.  You just want some nourishment so you can rest.  I try to stay away from ordering too much, just enough to last you until you get to the nice restaurant you planned to visit.

I would book at this place again in the future.

By the way, I lost a lot of money in Vegas but gained more info on where to stay next time we bring Apricot our dog.
I wanted to like this place, but ultimately the bad outweighed the good.

Westin:  Stop charging people a surprise fee of $15/day that they are not advised of either upon booking or check-in.  Not good for business.

Also, please consider your levels of service.  If you are charging as much as you do, make sure you have more than one person managing your check-in/general question desk in the lobby area.  

Please, Westin - staff your concierge desk.

Also, make sure that your employees at least pretend that they care about the clients that are paying a lot of money to stay there.

Unless you pay attention, expect to go out of business in this location.  Read the reviews online about how people hate your fee that you surprise them with.  Live and learn, please.
When I ended up with the Westin after bidding on 4-star hotels on Priceline, I was really disappointed to end up at the only non-party, non-themed 4-star hotel that was also located off the strip.  After my stay, I found it was really not bad....probably nowhere I would stay on purpose, but not bad.
The Westin is a small non-smoking hotel with a small casino, a Starbucks, one restaurant and a small bar.  It caters primarily to business clientele and I noticed a lot of elderly people staying there.  

The first negative point to this hotel, was the fact that they charged a 15-dollar resort fee, despite the fact that I bid on Priceline.  When I asked what it included, he told me that it included the pool, the fitness center, maid service and bottled water  ( all the stuff that most hotels include in the cost).  It is a bummer that they do not tell us this until check-in.  What he failed to tell me about was the awesome FREE happy hour....if it hadn't been for these Yelp reviews, I would've missed the biggest perk.

Well, let me tell you...this happy hour was awesome...5:30-7:30 everyday, all-you-can-drink wine, beer, soft drinks....and sangria!  The frirst day just included chips, salsa, and chili dip.  The second there was a simple buffet of quesadillas, pizza, fruit, veggies, chips, cheeses, and lots of other odds and ends.  The best part is that we shared our tables with other hotel guests, as this is in a private reception room, and, as this hotel is the choice for Delta to put up their employees, we met a group of pilots one night and flight attendants the next...it was fun to make new friends and start the party.  We even got sangria to go!
Otherwise, the hotel was not a lot of fun. The rooms are comfortable but not special.  The beds are comfortable and showerheads are massaging, but the rooms are small and the tub had some mildew.  The staff was really friendly and all wore cute cowboy hats in honor of the rodeo that was in town.  We were told they would be switching to santa hats soon for Christmas.  Because the hotel is small, it was easy to find our way around, and we were able to avoid any long lines.  It may be off the strip, but it is so close it doesn't matter.  It is less than a block from Balley's and a short walk to Ceasar's.

Keep in mind, they charge daily for Internet service and there is no ipod jack in the radio, so bring your own speakers.
I like staying here for all the reasons others don't want to stay here: it's off the Strip (by a block), it's non-themed (thank goodness), it's non-smoking, it's a small building which translates to a small casual casino (not loud), with a friendly staff who are extremely accommodating. Oh, and the rates are very reasonable. Rooms are nicely appointed, with very comfortable beds. There is a small but useful pool and hot tub, with an area to lay out too. If you want to play with the big boys for a while - just walk down the block to the Strip.
I stayed here with a bunch of girls for a bachelorette party. It was a lot of fun. The maid were really nice when you asked them for extra towels. The place was clean and the beds were really nice and cushy. The concierge was really helpful in getting us into clubs. 

The restaurant downstairs was a great place to eat. We ate there twice. It's not a crowded place, so you can get seated promptly. Once after we checked in in the morning. The breakfast was great. The server gave us a carafe of coffee so we didn't have to keep asking for refills. 

Then we went there for dinner. When we sat down, we told the waiter that we had 1 hour to eat before we had to leave. So he told us what we can order that he can get out quickly. All the food was really good. One girl still raves about the steak 4 months later... 

Another favorite amenity is the hot tub. It's not a often used place, maybe it was the time of year.. but it was a great place to go soak after a day of shopping. 

Overall, I would stay again. But if you need a taxi, walk to one of the nearby larger hotels and get one there because there aren't many that come by that place. Although at night, there are limos waiting to take you place, a bit pricier, but worth the cost when you have such a large group.
This is a nice enough Westin--nothing really special, but it's well maintained, and the staff is helpful and courteous. A few points of note: They do a decent job of making compact fluorescent room lamps blend in nicely with the decor--the rooms don't seem as harshly lit as most. Like many Westins, the bathrooms in the guest rooms are very attractive. They're well designed, appointed, and stocked. And this may be the only hotel I've visited in Vegas that actually puts a coffee pot in your room--no forced run to the lobby Starbucks (which of course it has) for coffee in the morning. They also have a computer in the lobby that you can use--at no cost--for printing (boarding passes, etc.).

Now the bad: For a hotel that likely gets a lot of business travelers, there's not one outlet in the room that's easily accessible without crawling on the floor. Nowadays people need a place to charge their mobile devices. How about a desk or lamp outlet SOMEWHERE...? Also, they tack an additional "services" fee on your bill for each night of your stay, and on top of that, the fee itself is taxed. A sign in the lobby explains that this is for the amenities [you'd expect at a hotel like this], including the pool/spa, etc. I call bulls***. It's a cost of doing business, and it should be included in the room price, not hidden in a surprise line item that's tacked onto your bill. Reminded me of my phone bill with all of the fees the carriers don't want to include in their price.

And finally: The major drawback to this hotel is its location. It's not too far from the Strip, but it requires some walking. If you use the monorail to get around Vegas (and if you don't, WHY don't you?), the signage and announcements indicate that the Flamingo stop is closest to the Westin. They lie. It's not. The Flamingo station may be physically located closest to this hotel, but you must walk all the way out and through the Flamingo casino, to the Strip, to get out--all in the opposite direction from the hotel. Lesson: The Bally's stop is really the closest. Get off at Bally's, walk through the shopping arcade, and exit at the sports book. The Westin is across the street and just a short walk down the street.
Also not far my hotel, I started my early morning at this hotel/casino and played a couple $25.00 hands of Blackjack. And I won both hands too with the dealer went over 21. "Whoo-hoo!"

With those two winning hands, I wisely and quietly left the blackjack table as a winner. So I rewarded myself with a cup of coffee and breakfast at the Starbucks, located on the same casino level. 

I ordered a Grande Coffee with an add-shot and a Blueberry Muffin. Totaled: $9.25. 

"Man, where are we; at the airport? That is one pricey trip to Starbucks. At least it's free, thanks to my prior winning at the blackjack table.
One of the worst Westins I've stayed in. Rooms were noisy, dirty (bathroom floor), mold and mildew in shower, cigarette burns on carpet (non smoking floor). No flat screen TVs. Small rooms. About the only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is decent and they have great beds/linen.
I crashed at my boyfriend's room because he was here for a conference so I can't comment about the price, but hey hey hey I had a pleasant experience here! It's a 2 minute walk from Ellis Island ($6.99 steak, potatoes, and veggies with a beer!!!!!!!!!) and pretty close to the Strip. There was plenty of parking. The beds are so comfortable! The blankets keep you so warm. Don't smoke in your room! All rooms are non-smoking and they will charge you $200 if they know you smoked in your room. That's nice to go green but wtf you're in Vegas. People who don't even smoke will smoke in Vegas.
I like it.  The room was BIG.  I liked the casino.  Had my friend gamble for me because I never gamble and won.  The employees were nice.  The buffet nice.  Minor situations with the internet and TVs.  Had to switch rooms because TVs were not  connected.  Very helpful employees and very nice but not trained for certain trouble shooting.  Also, both TV's did not work in the rooms because they were disconnected.  I suggest to log if TV connections work in every room for preventative maintenance.   Other than that I love this hotel.  Starbucks, YUMMY!
Stayed here last weekend, it's right behind the Flamingo a block from the strip. The location is not too bad but it's not worth going off the strip to go gambling at. The casino was tiny and they only opened the Roulette table after 5pm. When we did play it was fun! Nice to not suck in all the smoke and shove people to get through. The room was clean, bed was comfy, and workers were nice, except for one! One of the dealers was so rude! She was to busy talking our ears off and watching tv she screwed up a few times and the pit boss was not happy. I got confused once and moved a chip on the roulette table after she said no more and she totally yelled at me for it! I was like really? It was a mistake like the million of them you did!
-- Lobby stinks of smoke and has no other attraction
-- Housekeeping sucked because despite a DND sign, they kept knocking every 45mnts or so!
-- Room service took forever
-- Bathroom was not actually "Westin-big" and the shower tub was actually quite annoying because the stopper kept closing itself shut due to the force of the water. 
-- Overall the place is old and shabby, not maintained too well 
-- All in all, not a great deal, not a great place, and not recommended really.
nice, love the lack of smoking that most hotels have in lv.  but, the room wasn't ready until 6pm! we arrived at 3pm and had a wedding to attend at 7pm.  didn't make for a happy time getting ready in the spa/workout room.  ugh!  felt discombobulated trotting around our luggage.  of course getting ready, we didn't need all of our luggage, so we "checked it in" , well when we needed it late, there was a big fuss b/c the guy who took our luggage didn't give us a ticket and when we asked for it back, the new guy refused b/c we had no ticket. we upgraded to a deluxe but the room lacked an ipod dock (the main reason we upgraded).  i would stay there again for the non smoking and the clean atmosphere. staff were all around nice.  even offered the "unwind" deal upon arrival (free drink).  it was nice, but i don't drink.
For the Westin, this place stinks, literally.  When I walk in the room(s), it has that very musky smoked in room.  The bar downstairs is good though, always happening.  If I wasn't such an SPG points whore, I would never stay here.  Word is that they will be getting a renovation soon...it is sorely needed.
Look but dont touch. It looks great aesthetically pleasing. But walls are paper thin, the one thin blanket they give you and the towels felt like they were made of burlap. Its not bad for a 1 night stay.. GREAT price for what you get. But I wouldnt call it luxurious let alone give it 4 stars. 3 is a decent rating for this place. Oh and I ordered calamari from the bar downstairs and although the banana peppers were a nice touch.. ive had MUCH better batter on my calamari. Calamari gets a 2.
Even though I'm a gold starwood member, I don't know the specific rank in quality between Sheraton, Westin, W, St. Regis, and whatever else is out there. 

But I've been in plenty of Sheratons and Westins to know this place falls way short. 

Located right behind the Flamingo casino so it's not far on the strip, make sure to tell the cab driver at the Vegas airport to go to the "Westin Casuarina". 

We booked into a deluxe room on what appeared to be a Starwood Preferred Guest floor. I'm not sure the Starwood rooms are supposed better or worse than the regular rooms. But this is what I found. 

Bathrooms no vent. The TV is really old, not-HD, not really flat-screen, rather small size, no DVD player, and it doesn't have the channel/movie selection that other hotels in the chain do. 

Temperature change worked fine. Starbucks coffee grounds for the machine. Sheets clean. iHome on the nightstand. No weird stains on carpet. We could see a view of the pool. If you're thinking of a pool party, this is not a good place to do it.

Overall it was that crummy TV that really put a damper on our visit. First the controller stopped working, call to front desk #1. They got us a new controller. That helped for while. Then the buttons on the actual TV and controller again stopped working, to the point where we couldn't turn it on or off. Call to front desk #2. 

They came in the following day to try to fix it. When we got back from dinner and a couple of bars we tried at it again. TV and controller worked but then it started having issues with channel changes, both on the TV and by the controller. 

By check-out I just noted to them that the damn old thing should probably just be thrown away. They said they'd check it out and apologized sincerely.

Now, I didn't come to Vegas to lounge and watch TV, but it would've been nice to have it on and catch up on some brain-numbing TV or news when getting ready to head out in the morning, etc. I also wanted to note that staff was nothing but courteous and responsive to the ability they were able. But as far as the prized amenities and comfort that a Starwood Hotel is supposed to provide, this falls really short.
This review is for the casino only.... 
I was staying at the Paris and my wife and I came here to gamble a tad before we ate at the Paris buffet. Before we left Texas I was reading on VegasChatter.com that did a story on this casino. They were saying how slow it is and how they think it is due to the people who work there. We didn't see any of that at all. Yes, the casino is really small, but Westin's are not known for casinos. As a matter of fact they were so slow that when we entered the casino area, a waitress asked us if we wanted anything to drink. That almost never happens. I played BJ and my wife played a few penny slots. We were there for about an hour or so, and we had a great time. Everyone was nice and the drink service was fast, I even had 2 drinks at one point. The dealers had on a smile as I was winning money and they had a smile on when they were taking my money back later that night. It was still fun. We may stay here on another trip, because we really like the Westin properties in Dallas and San Antonio. 
I would say if you just want to get away from all the people in the casinos on the strip, I would check out this place. It's an easy walk across from Bally's and you will never know who you will be playing BJ next too. 

Check it out if you can. 
MZ
Scam!!!!!

Like the others have said, yet for some reason I ignored, this place is a scam.

Here is the scam - Priceline catagorizes this hotel as 4 stars. For comparison, Luxor is 3 1/2. 

I placed a bid for a 4 star hotel for $90 a night on weekends. Thought how could I go wrong? Priceline gave us The Westin as our winning bid. We got there and although the hotel "rate" was $90, they added all these fees, such as $15 per night "recreation fee" and $1.50 "Visa Fee", etc.

Good god!!!!! Apparently all a hotel has to do to scam priceline is to list a low rate and then they will be lower than other hotels. Then just add all these "fees" and that bumps up their revenue. Scam!!!!

As for the hotel - it sucks. My sister did not have hot water and upon checkin we had a very rude guy. Plus about 3-4 normal city blocks away from strip (not one - don't be fooled) and you have to walk past garbage to get to the action.

Horrible!

Platnium Dunes right across streets, that place had only a partial staff when I was there but not all the hidden charges.

Insulted my intelligence and I can't believe priceline allows this, it undermines all customer faith in their bidding system.
The Westin is a great place to stay off-strip when your budget is low and you have little to no patience for casino gamblers and families. It's only a $5 cab to the nearest club so why not pay $50 less for a room and stay here?

The hotel is clean, chic, modern, and has a very hospitable staff. Also, the rooms are stocked with free coffee, tea, any type of toiletry you need, and some decent cable. I was more than overjoyed to watch a Keeping up with the Kardashians marathon before getting completely wasted at night.

Also, self-parking is so easy and pets are allowed for a small fee. Thanks for the good times Westin, and for not charging us for smoking in the room.
The Westin Casuarina in Las Vegas was a great stay for our weekend in Vegas. Located a bit off the Strip near Bill's Gambling Saloon & across the street from Bally's, it provides the opportunity to escape the hustle & bustle of the strip to get some r & r for the gambling, eating, and drinking. 

When we arrived on Friday afternoon, I headed straight to the Starwood Preferred Guest desk and politely asked if we could be given a king bed instead of the double bed that I originally reserved. The sweet lady behind the counter not only gave us a king bed, but she upgraded our reservation to one on a higher floor. Holla! That was definitely not expected, but we were pleased with our room.

Room service is great here - very tasty good. We ordered room service twice one night and was impressed by the good food and service. The pool & spa offer a relaxing time. 

I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit Vegas. It'll save you a few dollars and if you're a Starwood Preferred Guest, you can use points to a free room here (which we did). 

Thanks for a wonderful stay Westin Casuarina - we hope to be back soon!

Cheers!
The Westin Casuarina is just another Westin, not a Vegas Hotel. You get a standard Westin room with standard Westin amenities. There is nothing to remind you of the great Vegas hotels in this establishment. Nothing super negative but just that I was disappointed to be in another Westin. The swimming pool was tiny and the area around the pool was not that great. The pictures on the website must have been taken with a very special camera :)

The rate was OK.
I booked one night through Priceline for the Westin. This hotel is one block from the Vegas strip and is much quieter. I tried checking in nealry 3 hours early and the concierge said he'd look to see what was available. He asked me if i wanted to join the Westin Rewards Program (free to sign up) and i said sure. Because i did that he was able to get me an upgraded room right then (meanwhile someone else trying to check in next to me was told to come back at 4:00). 

Also...yes, there is an additional "hotel tax fee". The concierge told me about it before i officially checked in. He told me because i booked through Priceline that the hotel DOES charge this additional fee to all guests and i would see it as a charge on my end of the stay bill. It was *only* $10 and that gets you use of the spa, pool, gym, and a free newspaper. 

The room was extremely clean and neat and the bed oh-so-comfy! There is complimentaty water bottles and coffee in the bathroom. I ordered in-room dining for dinner and breakfast and the meals were fantastic and largely proportioned. The prices were what you'd expect for in-room dining but they do charge a delivery fee, taxes, AND a gratuity onto your bill. 

The only complaint i had about the room was that my room was adjoined by a neighboring one by a door inside the room which allowed noise to filter in heavier. The people next to me were having a party and i could hear everything. But they were quiet during the appropriate times.

I booked a spa appointment for a shiatsu massage and it was a f.a.n.t.a.s.t.i.c. experience! (See my seperate review for the Hibiscus Spa). And because i joined the Westin Rewards Program i got double points for the money i spent at the spa. (Any service you get while at the hotel, including in-room dining, gets you points).

I also used the "business center" to check into my departing  flight. It's a minimum $5.00 fee to use the computer and this allows you something like 7 minutes. Because i used only half of that i was able to print off pages and deduct that fee from the $5.00 i paid.

I checked out about 15 minutes prior to official check out time and only waited for 5 minutes in line. It was fast and efficient.

The BEST part of the hotel is that it's entirely smoke free! If you're looking for something affordable, comfortable, and right around the corner from the strip i'd give the Westin a whirl!
My friends and I loved every bit of our stay at the Westin!  It was just what we were looking for - slightly off the strip, quiet, clean, and smoke-free.  In other words, it isn't your typical loud, crazy, happenin' Vegas hotel with a loud lobby and a gazillion guests.  So if that's what you're looking for, it's probably best to go elsewhere.

We booked the Westin for $105/night through Priceline during July 4th Weekend - this was such a steal compared to the other hotels on the strip.  

So why did we love the Westin?

1.  No problems with Early Check-in.  They were quick and accommodating.  We got there 2 hours before check-in time and our rooms were already good to go.  

2.  Smoke-free lobby and casino area.  There is a large, but relatively empty casino area... but since all of us are non-smokers we really appreciated the fresh, clean air.

3.  Starbucks in the lobby.  Gotta get a cup of our daily joe before we head out for endless fun!

4.  The Beds.  I slept like a baby on the plush, luxurious, pillow-soft beds.  No complaints.  At all.

5.  The Shower.  The water pressure was AMAZING!!!  It has TWO showerheads so the water is blasting and heats up easily.  

The only negative I can think of is that we wanted to lay out by the pool, but realized that the Westin pool is pretty small.  It's not like anything you'd find at Mandalay Bay or Bellagio.  However, after some quick research I discovered that the gazillion pools at Caesar's Palace are open to the general public FREE of charge.  Good thing Caesar's is so close to the Westin.

The Westin is only a 10 minute walk to the strip, which isn't bad at all.  You can see Caesar's Palace from the hotel room, and the Westin is located on the cross street between Flamingo, Caesar's, and Paris Hotel... so it's actually a pretty prime location!  

I'd be more than happy to stay here again.
I'm not high maintenance, so I can pretty much stay anywhere. This place is nice if you want to be in Vegas but away from the rowdiness of what Vegas is. It's 0.6 miles from Caesars, so it's close enough to where we were most of the time in Vegas anyways. This place may not have a spectacular pool, but you can just go to Flamingo or Caesars pool for free. The thing that's nice about this place is there's a Starbucks, and the casino isn't busy or smoke-filled at all! This place is actually quite quiet! I wish it had more table games (pai gow) and the tv wasn't still a tube tv, but who watches tv in Vegas anyways.
Beautiful room, extremely comfortable bed, and significantly less expensive than adjacent hotels on the strip for a Saturday night stay in the middle of the summer. The staff was courteous and helpful, and our room was upgraded for free. Although not directly at the center of the strip, it's a half block from the nearest entrance to Bally's. The Starbucks in the lobby is another plus.
Got a fantastic deal on this hotel via Priceline. ($80 a night!) We were really happy with our stay there.

The hotel is close enough to the strip where you can  take in all the glory of Vegas but far enough away where your not dealing with all the drunk rowdy crowds and idiots that you get when you stay at one of the major hotels on Las Vegas Vegas Blvd.

The hotel  is non smoking which we really enjoyed and very low key and quiet.  The room that we had  was chic and comfortable and the bed was just really fantastic to sleep in.

From 6:30pm to 8:30pm , they even  have a pretty decent free happy hour where you can get free drinks and hor dorves as well!
I just stayed here last weekend, first time in vegas... 
Like other yelpers have said, if your not in Vegas to party and be impressed then this is the place for you. That being said I was expecting grandeur and something out of this world but it didn't happen.  I think the hotel needs to be spiced up.  Good things were the bed, the double shower head, the robe, and the view.
Conclusion: stay here if you want peace and quiet and something low key.   Next time I will be doing careful planning, as this was an omg I need to go to Vegas book anything trip!  
Till my next review...
I agree with several other Yelpers that I've definitely experienced better Westin properties. 

Yes, the hotel is "smaller".... when you compare with all the other mammoth Vegas properties.
 
Yes, the rooms are smaller.... but we're really not spending much time in our rooms anyways in Vegas. 

Yes, the pool area is significantly smaller than most Vegas properties. 

Yes, the bathroom does seem smaller than "typical" Westin's ... but it still I'd say a "typical" hotel-sized bathroom. Except it has the Westin signature "Dual Showerheads". 

The pro's in staying here:

1) You get SPG points if you're a Starwood junkie
2) The parking lot is small and manageable unlike so many other hotel property parking lots in Vegas
3) It's a quick entrance from the parking area to your hotel room; unlike so many other Vegas hotels where you literally have to walk FOREVER to get to your room
4) Their casino card gets you comps good for anything/services in the Spa, their hotel restaurant Suede, on-site Starbucks, or towards your hotel bill
5) Comfortable heavenly bed
6) ummm... did i say you get SPG points? :)
7) Unwind/Rewind social hour/s with complimentary alcohol and few snacks
8) You can bring your dogs here

This place for me is just okay now. I don't seem to win in the casino like I used to, and as an SPG Plat I rarely get upgraded to a Suite. So... I probably will start staying at more luxurious properties (and non-SPG) when we travel to Vegas.
Can't believe The Westin has lowered it's standards at this location.

I second Wanugee N.'s review.  They totally disappointed at this location. I will never be back.  Decor was poor. TV was old school. Service was non-existent.  Thank goodness they had a bed to sleep on, that's what got them 2 stars.
Hmmm...Is the Westin becoming the Holiday Inn? I was hoping for a more luxurious stay but found that this particular Westin is showing it's age and is not particularly well maintained.  The small casino area was surprisingly tacky and not consistent with the overall Westin brand. Actually, I would think people who stay here aren't even interested in gambling so I'd remove it all together. While it is only a block and a half away from the strip it really is quite a long way considering the length of Vegas blocks and the searing heat. No free wireless either...I knew I should have spent the extra 30 bucks per night and stayed at Aria. Oh well!
Okay, okay....I'm not a Westin expert, but this place really made me a fan.  Here's why:

- Cheaper rooms than on the strip
- A short stumble from Bally's and Bill's
- A liquor store right next door!  Large Stella's at less than $3

The minuses?  Their "resort fee".  I never even use the pool, and resented the fact that they presented me a supplementary bill for $30.  Make perks inclusive, Westin - otherwise it is false advertising.
I'm a big fan of this hotel.  The hotel is nicely located right off the strip so everything is easy to access.  The hotel is easy to get to even though there is a casino in the hotel (this can be a problem in some hotels in Vegas).
  The service is solid.  I got sick on my last visit and the desk help was nothing but wonderful in getting me things I needed.  It was a great help!
  The rooms are nice and quiet and clean.  A solid Westin experience for sure!
Yelpers are right this is probably the Westin lowered its standards with this location. This hotel is the pit stop for flight attendants and everyone else in the flying business... Saw more then plenty of them coming on and out. The hotel is not bad but not great. It's across from Ballys off on a corner surrounded by scary ghettoness. My boyfriend almost got mugged the first night when he went to a liquor store right next to the place. So we avoided that area. Tried calling for a taxi so we wouldn't have to wait and was told there were some available, when we get down in search for a taxi nothing apparently they think a limo is a taxi & we wouldn't refuse it. They were wrong. So we had to wait like 20minutes for a taxi that fit 5 w/o splitting us. For most of our stay we just walked across the street to Ballys to catch a cab since they had more then plenty or to catch a FREE shuttle to the Rio and back! 
The beds at the Westin were comfy according to my bf more than the Trump (which I thought was comfy) I couldn't tell the difference but both are comfy. This hotel still has TVs from like the early 90's those big bulky box looking ones, but they have up the anty by having basic cable. The rooms are small and so are the bathrooms. It had a dual shower head which did not impress me much. They did have slots and tables for gambling but I did not play. I did check out their pool and it was pretty small and low key, but it was cute. This place as all other fellow yelpers have said is not for the party seeker it's more low key. I would say enjoy it's amenities like the pool, gym, the coffee in the room, etc b/c as the new trend of hotels they charge you a service fee for each night you stay. Starbucks inside is nice for the coffee drinkers....  Would I stay here again? Would not be my hotel of choice but it's still far better than those other places... Such as the Palace Station. Would I consider it a four star that priceline gave it, umm no maybe a 3 but it can't be compared to an upscale hotel.
We made a special trip to this Casino in order to take advantage of the $25.00 match play coupon found in the American Casino Guide book.  You first must obtain a card from their Player's Club, then take the coupon to the dealer.  We went on Sunday afternoon.  There was only one blackjack table open, and a second was in the process of opening.  Would have preferred to use the bet on roulette, but the table was closed.  So we waited for the second blackjack dealer to open, and then we approached the table.

As soon as the dealer saw coupons in our hands, he said very loudly to the supervisor "COUPONS!" in an aggravated tone.  So the supervisor lady comes over.  We have to show our new player's cards, the AGC member's cards from the book, and I think we even had to show ID.  Fine, no big deal.   The supervisor just kind of snarled at us and made us feel very small for having the audacity to bother them with those dreaded COUPONS. It was very obvious that they DO NOT like having to mess with handling those coupons.  Oh well, too damn bad for them.

At least we both won our match bets and left the casino with at least a little bit of their money.  I can see why the place was dead with staff like that.
We booked this hotel via Priceline's 'Name Your Own Price' deal so we didn't exactly select this hotel.  If you've never utilized this feature, you don't know which hotel you're booking until your price is accepted.  The nice thing is that you can set guidelines.  We specifically noted a 4-STAR hotel and w/in this vicinity of the strip.  I would not rate this hotel 4 stars, maybe 3.5 but definitely not 4.

4 NIGHTS = $99 per night (during a busy convention week - Wed to Sun)
Daily Resort Fee = $9.50

The best perk of this hotel is their daily Happy Hour / Mixer event.  It is FREE and all guests are welcome to attend.  What's included: Appetizers, Beer, Wine, Water, and Soda.  The cheese platter & fruits were my favorites.  The second best perk is the Starbucks located inside the hotel.

The room was spacious, clean, and surprisingly looked much nicer than more expensive hotels on the strip. (ie. Paris, Luxor, Monte Carlo, etc.)

The location is convenient for those who want to stay very close to the strip but away from the hustle & bustle. However, the cabs were lacking.  You have a better shot flagging a cab at Bally's. (across the street)

I wouldn't mind staying here again but it isn't at the top of my list.  Ideal hotel for business trips, not for leisure.
The hotel is simple. Reasonable clean. But was not outstanding. For the price I would recommend it. But if your going to Vegas, you'd want something more.

It was a 5 min walk to the stripe. Decent location. If your on a budget, I would recommend it, otherwise, go somewhere else.
I booked this hotel through priceline's name-your-price service, having requested a 4-star hotel near the strip. I would definitely not rate this hotel as 4-star, but it's still a more-than-decent hotel for the price. It's only two blocks from the Strip, and Bally's is literally right across the street, where you can find some decent informal restaurants, or you can walk through to Paris for some nicer dining choices. If you're heading for the Strip, you do have to walk by a vacant lot populated by several homeless people, and it looks a little shady at night.

The room itself was clean, but dated. Most Westins I've been in have switched over to flat screen TVs in their rooms, but ours still had a big ol' tube TV sitting on the dresser. It was surprising how outdated that one detail made the room feel. 

I'm happy to report that the Westin Heavenly Bed, Heavenly Towels, and dual shower heads were all present, so my sleeping and showering experiences were more than adequate, and that's really what you're looking for in an inexpensive room off-strip, right? If you're in Vegas you should really just be using the room for showering, sleeping, and sleep-related activities.

The casino area of the hotel is relatively small, and during the Saturday afternoon while we were waiting for our room to be ready, only the slots and two blackjack tables were in operation. But if you're looking to kill some time with some $5 blackjack, I suppose that's okay. All the table games were in full swing by the evening.

There's a sign in front of this hotel that says something like "Western Action 24-7," which I guess is the theme they're going for, but it's sort of a half-assed theme in that their staff was dressed in cowboy attire, but that's about as far as the Western Action went. Nothing else about the hotel was particularly "Western," not that I'm complaining, but if you're going to create a sign about your Western activities, it should be more than making your people dress up like cowboys.

Check-in time is listed as 4pm, but we were not able to get into our room until 4:30. This after first attempting to check in around noon, and then being told to come back in an hour, every hour, until we finally got our keys, which was kind of annoying.

I do have to complain about the bill I received for the "resort fee" especially since the pool was drained and unavailable the entire time were were there, but overall this was a comfortable hotel near the strip. A little less nice than other Westins I've stayed in, but still a decent place to act as your base of operations while in Vegas.
BACKGROUND:

I won this off Priceline by accident for $150 total. I was in Vegas for a quick trip to see a concert on a Friday night and leaving Saturday morning. That Thursday I decided to map this place on Google and when I typed in the name it automatically brought up reviews and the overall ranking was two stars and most reviews opened with ,"I unfortunately won this off Priceline..." and then continued to rip this place apart. I tried getting credit for this and booking another hotel, but Priceline wouldn't budge despite the horrible reviews.

THE REAL DEAL:

IT's right off the strip on Flamingo walking distance from Paris and Planet Hollywood and it has a Starbucks in it. When I pulled up to valet, the attendant told me to pull forward toward the guy with the handkerchief. There was an Asian man wearing jeans, a plaid shirt tucked in, and a white handkerchief  around his face like he was going to rob a bank in the Wild, Wild west. When I got in the staff at the front desk were all dressed like cowboys and cowgirls. I asked why and they said the Rodeo was in town for two days. I thought that was cool that the whole hotel participated in this and made the guests from the Rodeo feel welcome. I went to my room and surprisingly liked it. The decor was modern and decent for the price I paid and the bed was big and spacious, although it did look like they didn't change the sheets. The carpet was dirty and I could tell that they're not really doing upkeep on minor things like shampooing the carpet and painting things here and there, but if they did a good clean up then this place would be 4 stars. 

My only complaint is that the location (even though it's literally RIGHT OFF THE STRIP) is dangerous. I did encounter a  homeless lady that was harassing me and followed me for a whole block while I walked to Sephora. I wasn't phased by her since I've dealt with bums from L.A, but she was a bit scary and annoying. 

I'd stay here for a quick turn-around trip, and I can tell you it is better than the Tropicana. If you're looking for luxury, and you're staying for a few days don't stay here unless you're trying to save money, you don't care about the hotel room since you'll be partying anyway. Ah! I forgot to mention they have free wine and beer from 6 - 8 p.m on the second floor, so maybe it's worth your while to stay here.
I've stayed at many of the more well-known hotels on the Strip when in Vegas, with their over-the-top themes and bumping club scenes. But I have to admit, the Westin was actually one of the nicest experiences I had for what I was looking for! 

My girlfriends and I were able to get a good deal on a room here when we decided to take a last minute trip for Halloween weekend, and at first we were concerned that it was too out of the way. But actually it's JUST around the corner from the action, which was convenient and actually really nice to be a bit removed from the craziness when we wanted to be. 

The rooms were perfectly clean and similar to other Westins I've seen, with a spacious bathroom and those wonderful Heavenly beds. We took advantage of the spa, where you can use the sauna and steam room for free as a guest, and ate at the Suede restaurant downstairs, which I was really impressed by (review to come later). We also of course had to use the late night room service after a full night of partying, and it came super quickly and with a smile. 

So while the Westin may not be the first hotel that comes to mind when you think of Vegas, I was very pleasantly surprised and it helped my friends and me have a wonderful spontaneous trip!
This Westin was OK. Nothing special at all. I will probably not stay there again unless I have to. I had broken glass on my towels in the bathroom and it took forever to get hot water in the shower. 

The room was pretty clean and the beds are really comfortable. They have a resort fee and I am not sure why when I would hardly call this a resort. I got room service and they charge for two room service fees, but the food from their restaurant was pretty darn tasty. 

Staff was nice but I was not impressed.
Spent Halloween weekend here....Never again! First, I would have never chosen to stay here on my own. I was tossed here after I "won" a deal through priceline for a 4 star hotel! I would maybe have expected the price a weekend night stay to be around $40-50 a night, not $112 and that was a "good deal." My beef with priceline is another story. Bottom line, the rooms are supposed to have a spa feel to them, but they are pretty small, and the rooms are very dark. It's near the strip, but I wouldn't walk down that street to get to the strip alone without a group of guys. Room service is okay, but $7 for 2 eggs is just ridiculous. I didn't get to see the pool, because it was closed for the season...even though the MGM signature suites and MGM grand had theirs open...as a matter of fact almost all the hotels still had their pool open. 

Another tip! You are provided 2 bottles of complimentary water, but be sure you grab the right ones. There are two next to the TV that will cost you $15 if you aren't paying attention!
Loved it.  It's possible that I am slightly obligated to give the Westin brand a swell review and that is exactly what I am going to do.  

I was a bit stormy when I realized that I wouldn't be spending my "Vegas weekend" on the actual Las Vegas Blvd. strip.  Upon arrival I knew that it wouldn't matter.  Everyone in this hotel was amazing from the front desk associate who checked me in, to the concierge who sold me tickets, to the blackjack dealers who took my money, to the great Starbucks staff serving up Chai Tea Lattes 24/7.  This smaller hotel is located right behind the Flamingo (so you are basically on the strip) and has so much more of a sense of service than any other large hotel I could have stayed at.  It was nice to come back to a hotel that doesn't have a billion lights flashing and doesn't take an hour just to find my room.  

Stay here.  It's an $8 cab ride if you really need to go anywhere far, otherwise, everything is as walk-able as if you were on the main strip.  It has a bar, casino, food, and of course the Westin Heavenly Bed and all signature series products.  What more do you need?
I can see were allot of the complaints are comming from. I have to keep reminding myself that I only live 4 1/2 hours away from Vegas and if someone had to make a major adventure to get to Nevada, there is a possibility of dissapointment with this hotel. So this is from the view of an Angelino who does about 3 trips a year. This place serves great as a fortress of solitude within the strip. No super flashy lights, no bumping music, minimal slot machine sounds and a super comfy bed. Parking and checking in is a breeze because it's so small and the room is a decent size. Iv'e stayed in many casinos and places like New York New York and Paris felt like shoeboxes for more money so no complaints here. If you plan for your action in Vegas to be both out and inside your hotel then yeah maybe paying abit more for a proper casino would be the best option. But if your like me were I don't see my room till 6am and only can think of my bed, silence and thoughts of how bad my hangover is going to be then the Westin is a solid recovery chamber. Resort fee is a pretty big minus but I must remind that allot of hotel like those of Luxor are now charging as well.
So I was in Vegas over the weekend and I have finally recovered! What a fun weekend! Of course with all Vegas weekends there is always some type of drama and unfortunately it was hotel drama. There was 3 of us checking in and our check in went smoothly, the room was nice but upon checking in we got in our room to find our toilet was not working. We called down to have it looked at, they sent engineering up to our room and the toilet was fixed. Fast forward a few hours and I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and it was broken AGAIN...I really had to go and went down stairs to the lobby to use the restroom. I went back up after I was done, my key had been demagnetized so I had to go to the front desk to get a new key and I mentioned to the front desk person what was happening with the toilet and he was very receptive to my issue. He said we could move rooms in the morning (it was 4am) AWESOME. I went back up to the room and went back to bed. In the morning I mentioned to the girls what happened and called down to move rooms. You would think I dreamt the whole conversation with the front desk guy no one had record of the conversation, the issue or even the engineer visit upon our arrival!!. We had such an issue trying to get a new room, they finally did it but after we went downstairs to speak with guest services and a conversation with the manager. He was a smug individual and I am so surprised that this man is even in the hospitality field. He was condescending and rude and made us feel like whiny bitches.
We changed rooms, bathroom worked YES!!! AC did not work well but at this point a working toilet was all I needed and as long as the room was at a comfortable temp I guess it would be fine.
The one star is for the shower heads, AWESOME shower heads, water pressure and loved it so much I was taking 2 showers a day.
The location is a block off the strip BUT there are a lot of questionable characters in this area, homeless people. They have a little drinking area right next to the hotel in an open lot. We were fine walking in the daytime to the strip but at night a cab was necessary. Looked a little shady. I missed the excitement of a cool Vegas hotel, I will definitely be hitting up a hotel on the strip and never stay at this hotel again.
Talk about getting a bad rap simply because you're not on the strip. Reading many of the reviews I thought this place was going to be a dump, it's the opposite. 

Our room was very nice, contemporary, and clean. The staff is friendly, bed is comfy and I really love this hotel. 

You need to rent a car to go out at night, it's a little far and suspect in terms of late night activity, but we got a car for $60 from fox rent a car. 

I won this hotel on priceline and was concerned given the many poor reviews, it's absolutely not on the strip, but for a weekend get away with my wife it's perfect. For folks who want to be in the middle of the action at all times I understand the negative feedback, but for us that are ok being near enough the action to visit but in a quiet comfortable setting majority of the time, this hotel is great.
I'm guessing, like many others if your reading this review you picked this hotel off an auction site like Priceline. Its not a far walk to the strip. In fact, jumping into Bally's at the sports book entrance makes it not even seem like a 3-5 min walk at all. 
The room is a good size. All the staff was friendly, including the dealers.
Here's the bad. Pubic hairs in the comforter cover. I guess this is something they do not change everytime they clean your room... so we had very gross pubic hair stuck between the weaves of the comforter cover.
Also, they had very thin walls. You could hear the voices from your neighbors, the upstairs and the downstairs.
Finally, your options for gambling are quite limited. In the morning I only saw some black jack tables open. I don;t expect much from the Casino in here, but  I would like to have had the option of more than just black jack when all you have is BJ, Roulette and 3-card poker. All tables were open by the early evening though. 
The room is just not acceptable..
What was once known as the Maxim, the Westin Casuarina is a decent mid-level hotel option.  Sheraton pumped some money to remodel the rooms and property a few years back which it badly needed.

The hotel feels more like a business hotel than a Vegas casino hotel.  There's a small casino on property and a few restaurants.  The restaurants are not much to write home about.

When a friend of mine stayed in the hotel a couple of weeks ago I stopped by to check out the room.....it's not bad, a solid 3 Stars.  He liked it because it was off-Strip and the price was right....$69 a night.  Of course rates vary, but it was good for that time.

Overall, not a bad off-Strip option.

Return Factor - 60%
I saw some pretty awful reviews for this hotel and had some friends make some pretty harsh comments. I travel a lot for work and this place really wasn't that bad. The room I had was comfortable, clean, well appointed, and large. 
This hotel is pricey if you are wanting something on the strip, because it is not on the strip. I was using it for work purposes, so it fit my needs completely.
The room service is SUPER expensive. I would not recommend this option if you have the ability to go eat at a restaurant. Their food is good, but not for the price. Their breakfast, however, is reasonable as room service and the fruit was very fresh.
Service was friendly and prompt.
I would recommend this hotel to business travelers and/or people who don't want to be on the strip.
I recently stayed at the Westin Casuarina for NCAA March Madness, and i have to say it didnt dissapoint.  Its a block off the strip behind the Flamingo and next to Ballys, so centrally located to alot of the other larger hotels and Casinos.  I prefer this hotel over the major hotels and casinos during march madness due the fact i didnt have to get to the bar super early to get a seat, or wait in an enormous line in order to place a bet at the sports book (Leroys Sports Book).  In fact other people in the bar were from other hotels watching the games and betting for this very same reason.  
Staff is friendly and rooms are clean and comfortable. 
Casino and sports book are small, but they have eveything you would need.
I would stay here again and again year after year.
Decent rooms, very clean, great quality for the money.

The only downside is its location.  It's not heel-friendly so you'll definitely have to get a taxi if you are wearing heels.

The foodcourt downstairs is okay.  The restaurant serves decent food but I prefer to eat elsewhere.
So frustrated with Check-in...first my Starwood number was not in system which means my room was not high on there priority list this morning at 9:30am...so I was told I have to wait till 4pm...thanks!  I typically stay in Vegas Hotels anywhere on the Strip and I've been given a room at any time of the day.  Total Fail Westin!!!

I asked If there was a possibility of getting in earlier and I was told yes to come back at 4pm.  That doesn't seem any earlier then the first time I was quoted.  Good Customer Service...oh yeah this is after I gave her my Starwood Number. 

Checked my bag with Bellman and figured I would go to pool.  Door was locked and I needed a key. I went back to front desk and spoke with Sweden (yes that is her name) again and she told me I couldn't access the pool because I would need a key (yeah I figured that out 10 minutes ago). Her solution was to write me a spa pass to take a shower.  I asked her if that spa pass would get me into the pool and she said no. Really?  I'm trying to check in and have 7 hours to kill...can i please get a pool pass? Nope!!!! Failing again!!!

Sweden went by the book. Several others in our party made comments to me about her.  It was a little humorous. 

So I did what I should have just done in the first place...stalk a nice family going to the pool and just walk in with them. It was so cute the little girl even held the door for me.  I said, "Thank you!" and I was flashed a big smile.  
So I'm at the pool enjoying a little 50 degree weather with some sun. Only 5 more hours to go.  On side note: There is a couple in the hot tub who might be getting it on...cross that hot tub of my list this week.  I can tell 
already It is going to be a long trip and I'm not even checked in yet!!

At 4pm my room was still not ready. I finally talked to guy at the VIP desk. He told me that it was ridiculous that my room wasn't ready and that I had been waiting all of this time. He worked the computer and was able to find me another room.  Finally someone at the Westin cared. 

There were other problems too. My dry cleaning was never delivered to my room even though I paid $2 for delivery. I had to search for it at 7pm and it was no where to be found. I figured the bellboy would find it but when I returned to my room later it was still not there. I called down and was a little upset.  My dry-cleaning arrived at 1:45am...thanks...I don't need sleep. 

One day the maid threw away my newspapers (neatly stacked on my desk) and moved all of my toiletries.  That is so gross and uncalled for.  She put my razor and toothpaste in with my toothbrush. Please don't touch my bathroom stuff.  Every few years i run into a maid who does this and I just hate it. 

Upon check-out the two door guys were total jerks.  I needed a taxi to the airport and they told me that there were no taxis available. They did have a 30 dollar town car I could take to the airport. Wow!!! Not my first trip to Vegas. I told the guy if he wasn't going to help me I was just going to take the Monorail to the MGM and get a taxi there. All of sudden they changed there tune and I had a cab in 10 seconds.  Then the second guy started making small talk with me because he knew there limo scam did not work. It just made me more upset!

This hotel did have some good moments but it is sad how a few bad moments can ruin everything. 

The Heavenly Bed is amazing and the Workout room was great!!!

Daniel at the Happy Hour is one of the hardest working guys ever. Westin should be proud to have an incredible employee like him (he deserves 5 stars)!

I started off on the wrong foot here and also ended on a sour note too.  First time I've ever been let down by a Westin.
Impressed!  Very much so.  

I stayed here the weekend of April 15 and I cant complain.  When I checked in everything was pretty quick and pleasant.  The look of the hotel lobby and the casino was grand.  It was very elegant.  

As I walked into my room they had upgraded me to more spacious room due to the hotel almost running out of rooms.  It seems that weekend was a very busy weekend for sin city, I didn't complain.  Why not take it??   The room was elegant, from the decor to the comfort of the bed.  My room was spacious and everything looked up to date.  

One thing I didn't get to do was check out the pool.  A must for a future stay.
I have stayed at this Westin twice.  Was happier the first time, six years ago.  It is only about 3 blocks off the strip, near Bally's.  I think it's an easy walk to the major hotels.  The room and housekeeping service was fine.  They charge over $10/day extra for their happy hour, the water bottles in the bathroom, and parking, whether you use those things or not.  When I extended my stay by a day, the front desk neglected to tell some other department, and a hotel employee woke me up trying to chase me out of my room, six hours after I'd paid the front desk for another night.  I don't think I'll be back.
The Westin was my first choice hotel for my annual Vegas trip after staying there last year. I found a deal through Southwest for R/T airfare and two nights (Th & F) at the hotel for $300. Pretty awesome!

I checked in 2 hours early with no problem. Last year they offered me a free SPG members card and i brought it with me this trip (gives you some priority when trying to check in early as well as accumulates points for spa and room service usage). The hotel still imposes at $10 hotel tax fee, but again, you're also able to use the pool, gym and spa for free.

The best part about staying here HAS to be it's smoke-free policy. After walking through casinos and foot traffic that constantly has cigarette smoke wafting in my face it's a treat to stay in a place free of it. I've stayed in smoke-free rooms at hotels on the strip but smoke from the smoking rooms and casinos inside is still heavy in the halls.

Room service is still a necessary indulgence i partake in and it's not cheap anywhere you go. The Westin charges several fees for room service and i paid $23 total (tip excluded) for a $15 breakfast. There's so few things in life as blissful as breakfast delivered to me in bed so even though the tab always makes me gasp a little, i never complain. I anticipate it so it's not a surprise.

The hotel now offers an airport check in computer. Free use to check into flights and print boarding passes only is definitely a nicety. They also had a free happy hour mixer thing at the bar around 6 pm. Free beer and wine and munchies!

The only complaint was some noticeable noise in adjoining rooms. I don't think that will ever resolve in ANY hotel, especially in Vegas were people will be up and around every hour of the day.

The Westin is one of the cleaner hotels near the strip. The beds are heavenly. I've never had a problem with kids running in the halls or creepy people lurking in the casino. The walk to the strip is just a block (it's on the backside of the Flamingo). I've seen complaints about the walk to the strip being dicey but there's a ton of foot and vehicular traffic along the way and i felt safe.

I think a lot of people want the hype of staying in a classic Vegas hotel for the novelty. After several years of dealing with cigarette smoke, unruly kids, questionable bedding, dirty carpets, and constant loud noise the Westin is the perfect place for a relaxing and afforable place to stay.
They were also just doling out free waters in the registration line because there were 3 people ahead of me. How nice! It's a typical Westin in most respects (basic room, basic Heavenly bed....).... except that they give you TWO welcome gifts for platinum status! 

Also, one of the gifts you can choose from is a $10 starbucks credit. WOW, credit that can be used to buy something actually legitimate.

Now keep in mind this hotel is off the strip (not by much), but parking is nice because you don't have to walk a mile to get your car. 

Foursquare kids: don't forget to check in because you get extra starpoints when you check-in with a valid reservation!
Just checked in last night for a two night stay.  It's a pretty good hotel in most respects but pretty frustrating in a couple others.

The Good:

1) Great staff - I was checking in just after 50 flight attendandts showed up so there was a huge line.  A hospitality guy came back and got me and brought me over to an open desk.  Very nice!  There is always someone around to help.

2) Location - Just off the strip near the Flamingo and the Forum shops that span Caesars Palace and Bellagio.  For me this is the heart of where most of my favorite restaurants are and it's central to everything.

2a) Location bonus - It's "off-strip" location means the small casino in the lobby is never crowded and you can actually play on some pretty low-limit tables.  Plus, as others mentioned, parking is free and right next to the hotel.

3) The shower is a two-headed beast.  Incredible water pressure.

3) The bed - I'm not as addicted to the "Heavenly Bed" as some, but it is really nice.

4) In room free Starbucks coffee.  I never drink hotel coffee except in Starwood properties.  Great bonus.

The Bad:

1) To my dismay, when I walked into the room I realized there were NO electrical outlets visible in the room at all.  They are all either under the desk or night stands.  There is one in the bathroom - two if you unplug the coffee maker.  For me this is completely unacceptable.  Almost everybody travels with a cell phone and a laptop these days, and I travel with phones, tablets, computers, hotspots....  Not even an outlet on the ancient desk lamp!  I HATE crawling on the floor to plug stuff in.  They really need to update this soon.  Plus this means you have to iron your clothes in the tiny front door area next to the only outlet in the bathroom.  Boooooooo.

2) Not exactly Westin quality.  It's a fine hotel but seems more like a budget category room.  Big ugly Tube TV with no HD.  Dingy green/gray colors throughout.  I don't get the feeling I could spend very much time here.  The Heavenly bed saves the day though so the lack of other upgrades can be shrugged off, I suppose.

Overall:  If you're a Starwood points hound (I am) then this is your spot in Vegas.  It's worth it to stay here for the program rewards, but it just feels that they aren't trying very hard to win your loyalty.  Maybe that's because the only other Starwood property here is 15 minutes from the strip.  Not really an option for me.

Even if you arent' staying for the points, it's still a pretty good option because of it's prime off'-strip location.  It's nice to come back to a mellow vibe casino at the end of the night.
Casino not crowded which is good,  rooms small but nice and clean
Beware I got robbed at the Westin Casuarina.

My Fiancée and I were awakened at 6:30AM to a maid unannounced in our room facing away from us toward the dresser. She was startled and asked if we need anything from housekeeping. We said no. Housekeeping came back about 8:30 and knocked this time.

I found it strange that a maid entered the room at 6:30 and didn't knock, called down to the front desk and they gave me a 12 dollar credit. When I was getting ready to check out that day I noticed my wallet and all my cash was gone from the same dresser that maid was standing over. Reported to the front desk who notified security and filled out a report. 

Security shift supervisor Terry was a really good guy. Investigated the swipe history of the door lock as well as housekeeping staff for that night. The 2 maids on staff that shift did not match the description of the woman that was in our room at 6:30AM. Turns out the door wasn't working properly and didn't close all the way. The woman didn't work for the Westin and he confirmed that we had been robbed. 

Here is the suspicious part. The woman had the same uniform as the other housekeepers which my Fiancée got a good look at and gave a perfect description of the woman (They refused to review video surveilence). Second, our room was on the 12th floor toward the end of the hallway. She knew exactly where to go. If she wasn't a current employee she most certainly knew our door didn't work properly so she worked there before or a current employee was in on it. 

I got a call from the director of security and an email from the GM threatening to sue me for this review saying there was nothing wrong with thier door and saying I "Declared war against the property by posting this review before giving them a chance to investigate (I gave them a week with no call)'. They have opted to deny any responsibilibilty or the fact they have a security issue, instead victimizing me further and questioning the validity of the incident saying that there was no proof it happened other than mine and my fiancee's statements. So unprofessional.
I've stayed at this hotel twice over a 6 year span and I was happy with it both times. 

The first time I was a guest was during a business trip for which the quieter/small casino aspect was conducive. Walking out of your hotel room at 6am in a suit never feels nice when your hotel is full of people not yet finished gambling for the night! This hotel is the perfect solution to that problem.

On the second, most recent trip, I stayed here for pleasure and it was still a nice visit. While I would've liked to have been closer to the strip and all the nightlife, it was really only about a block from the Strip. 

The room and hotel atmosphere is just as you would expect from any Westin: top notch and familiar. 

The pool is nice and relatively quiet and on a nice day, you can actually get a chair easily. There is pool-side food and beverage service, but the servers leave a lot to be desired. At least the food and beverages taste good, though!

I would definitely stay here again when on a business trip, but I would probably opt to stay at a Strip hotel for pleasure.
Updating my last review to 5 stars from 3 because I'm staying there again tonight and just found a pop-up power strip coming out of the desk (lack of power outlets is a big no-no for me).  Smacked myself on the head for being an idiot and upgraded this hotel to Woohoo! status.  Plus, the front desk attendant gave me access to the club lounge even though I'm still a couple of stays away from completing my Platinum status match (just switched from Marriott).

Again, I love the location and the A++++ staff.  I definitely wish they would upgrade the TVs and decor but, we're in Vegas.  GET OUT OF YOUR ROOM YOU DORK!
If you compare this hotel on the standard of Vegas hotels, you're wrong. In any other city, this is a pretty nice hotel because it is a Westin. In Vegas, the Westin standard is substandard. But this is still a nice hotel. 

It is very important to remember that this hasn't always been a Westin. Westin did not build this hotel, this building used to house the Maxim hotel back in the day.

I stayed 4 nights in a deluxe king room on the 15th floor. I chose to stay here because I was in town on business and have Platinum Preferred status with Starwood.

 It was decent. Smaller than other Westin rooms I have stayed in, but with all of the Westin elements I have come to enjoy, like the Heavenly Bed. Everything was pretty standard Westin, including a room service menu identical to every other Westin I have stayed at recently. The consistency between properties is probably something that should be admired, actually. They have a parking lot right in front of the hotel, which was a very convenient. 

My gripe is the casino. I got back to the hotel at 11pm one night and was looking to play some craps. Well guess that, the craps table was already shut down for the night. Are you kidding? It's before midnight in Las Vegas and you're shutting down before the rest of the town is getting started? The casino was depressingly small and empty most of the time, so I understand if they do this based on demand. But, be warned if you're staying here and planning to gamble here on something other than a slot machine, you will be disappointed. 

The staff members I interacted with were all very courteous, the craps dealers were fun and friendly as was one blackjack dealer I interacted with, a man curiously named "Heather."  

Overall it was a good experience. Stay here for the points, the bed, or the brand, but definitely not for the casino.
Great service at the front desk.  All you can drink bottled waters.  Free beer and wine during "Social hour".   There are little choices for places to eat in the hotel.  The pool is very small.
3.5 stars.  Not a bad place to stay if you get a deal ($80/night on priceline).  FREE parking,  WIFI is not free ($12/24h).  Bed is really comfy and heavenly shower was great.  However, the facility does look dated and the pool is really small.   If you just need a place to sleep while to spend all your time on the strip, it's not a bad place to stay.
DO NOT STAY HERE.

the maids dont respect the do not disturb sign, the front desk staff are the nicest people out there, however once you get past them its utterly abyssmal. the casino is crazy small and you have to walk down a very very skethcy stretch of an off vegas road to get here. Room service is more expensive then it should be, even for room service

pool is the size of a medium bathtub

YOU CAN DO BETTER ANYWHERE ELSE.

as you can see in some of the pictures they dont clean at this place well either.
Not a bad option if you want to get away from the massive casino hotels of Vegas, but still be close to the action. I prefer this, so I am biased in that respect.

Rooms are small, but well appointed and SPG hotels (W, Westin, Sheraton, etc.) have some of the best beds out there. Comfortable selection of pillows, thin down duvets, etc.

The hotel itself is pretty unremarkable, but the staff is friendly and there is plenty of free parking - even for over sized vehicles.

Pool is decent, but small. Not a 'scene' at all.

You can walk to the strip from here, which is cool.

If you are a big gambler stay elsewhere, there is gambling here, but it is very low key.

Starbucks and a good but expensive restaurant in the lobby.
The Westin Casuarina and I started off on the wrong foot. Nobody was checked-in on time (4pm), yet we checked in at 11am and there was still no room available at the official check-in time at 4pm...many other people were waiting in the lobby as well. Yes, they were very busy; in my opinion that is just bad business for a hotel. The service was however outstanding and they were very apologetic and gave us a $25 dining comp...whoopy. I do not recommend the hotel restaurant. The rooms were very unmemorable, but we are in Vegas and never really in the room anyway. As many other Yelpers said, the bed was very comfortable. The plus about this place is that it is a very small hotel, so you don't have to walk a mile to find the exit like in many of the large Las Vegas hotels. 

If you are looking for glamorous lights flashing, music pumping, casino bells ringing, Las Vegas stereotypical kind of hotel, this is not it. This is not a bad choice however if you want something more low key, relaxing and easy access to get to the strip, meetings etc. 

I ended up at the Westin Casuarina due to Priceline (and this is not a 4 star hotel at all)...I probably would not stay here again because I go to Vegas for the glitz, but if you want something more low-key this place may be for you.
The Westin is a good option if you want to get away from the mega hotels and ringing casinos on the strip. The hotel is about a quarter mile from the strip, so if you have the itch to be in the middle of the Vegas action then it's a short walk away. The other benefit of staying at this location is that you do not have to walk the gauntlet of poker machines, table games and old ladies puffing on their cigarettes to make it to the check in desk. Both of those are great, but what you are paying for is the room. 

The casino is owned by a separate company rather than Westin. Most of the games are slots and electronic poker. There are a handful of table games.  It's a non smoking hotel, but a smoking casino...which makes for a smoking hotel. 

Check in was easy and friendly. The front desk agent was very helpful and informative. A nice start to our stay. Rooms are lacking quite a bit compared to their competition, and our room just smelled like Chinese take out. The double rooms are fairly tight and do not offer much room to move around. The tube TV is out dated, the furniture is stained along with the carpet and wallpaper is peeling.  The bathrooms are average sized and offer all the amenities you would expect from a Westin. However, the water pressure for the shower is miserable, and their Heavenly Shower with a double head on it is pointless. I prefer a shower that works properly before they start attaching the bells and whistles on it. The Heavenly Beds are comfortable and the AC works great. Finally, the housekeeping is a joke. The only service they provide is making the bed. Forget about organizing the room or the bathroom. 

The non resort Westin charges a resort fee for things you never or rarely use...like incoming faxes.  It's like an apartment charging you pet rent.  It makes no sense.  They also state that your $11 daily fee gets you "free" water.  I can't quite figure that one out.  

A 24 hour Starbucks is in the lobby, so if you're hitting the slots and on a roll at 4am and need to keep going, you can grab your coffee.  The restaurant is 24 hours as well.

Overall, a decent hotel at best. Great location, great friendly staff but the Westin suffers in taking care of the details.  If they are asking for more than $100 a night...keep looking.
Great place for behind the strip. 
24 hrs starbucks inside which is awesome. (free wifi?)
internet charge is expensive... $13+ each day depending on how much you use
The food wasnt great & it was pricey. 
the room was fine beds are great & comfy, but had stains all over the carpet.
the spa was nice i got a massage & a pedicure. The massage the lady was nice, but her touch was too gentle for me. (free drinks & snacks)
the pool is small, but usually there isn't a lot of ppl so its nice to take a dip & tan. 
gas station right next door great for drinks & snacks.
I stayed here recently since my wife is in love with Priceline. Priceline rates this hotel at 4 out of 5 stars. I have been to some 4 star hotels, and you Sir Westin Casuarina are not a 4 star hotel. This place is more like a 2 1/2 star hotel in my opinion.

The only good thing about this hotel is it is off the beaten path and you can get decent parking near your hotel room. The shades and the curtains keep the room dark when you want to sleep in after a long night that turns into dawn. And I guess this place is relatively cheap when compared to the other hotels in town. Also the rooms are non-smoking but smoking is allowed at the bar.

Like a thief in the night I found an invoice that was already run on my credit card from the hotel in my room for a "Resort Fee", about $13 bucks a night. I still can't figure out what goodies I got for that "Resort Fee". Memo to Management, make it mandatory for the front desk personnel to explain the Resort Fee to guests upon check-in and what do you actually get for that Resort Fee. Because I didn't get Shit.

Don't stay here if you need the action of a casino or the young and beautiful walking around the hotel. This place reminds me of a small hotel bar with a few gaming tables. Also, this place needs to add some vending machines.
Great location, just a block from the strip.  I like that this is a more laid back hotel.  Love the beds and the room was clean and did not break the bank
This Westin has slipped. We always stay there for Furniture Market because the parking is free and very abundant. It also has the Heavenly beds which I love and a Starbucks in the lobby. Yeah! But something has changed and service has slipped. I'm not sure we will stay there again despite the fact that we are Starwood preferred members. 

My room had very spotty air conditioning which was important since it was 107 degrees. So I called down to get someone to come fix it...yada yada yada...he comes...says he's fixed it. Temp doesn't change. Finally fall asleep exhausted from the day...hot and sweaty in the not-so-heavenly bed. Then the next day their solution is to move me....I don't want to move all my unpacked stuff to another floor from my colleagues one day away from leaving. She sends guy again. This time he discovers that he's left a critical part off the air co causing the air not to flow. Then it works wonderfully. Other issues...floor not swept or vaccuumed any day we were there. Trash left out in room....not "subject to interpretation" trash but things like crumpled paper and little creamer carton from the very very weak starbucks in room coffee. 

Anyways....nothing was tragic...life is too short to get too worked up...but it does seem that there has been a dramatic shift since in the past it has been such a nice experience.
Outside of Las Vegas, this would be a solid 3 or 4 star hotel.  However, in Las Vegas, there's a lot of competition, and the Westin just doesn't live up -- the only reason I stay there is Starwood Preferred Guest, and even that is a tenuous benefit.

The rooms are pretty small for Las Vegas -- approximately 1970s hotel standard globally -- and while well furnished, pretty boring.  CRT TV (I haven't seen one of these in years!), limited additional facilities.  As a plus, there is wired and wireless internet, although for non-platinums, the price is pretty extortionate, as usual.

One major negative for platinums is that there are only 4 suites in the property, so no upgrades.

A big plus is that it's smoke free (I believe, still), unlike the rest of Las Vegas.

Still, I'd stay somewhere else (Venetian, Wynn, etc.), if I wanted a Vegasy experience, or at the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental if I wanted a non-Vegas experience.
So far crap! Can't check-in until 4 unless we want a full bed. Then tried to check-in at 4 and told all they had was a handicapped accessible room with a double bed. Said needed to wait another 40 minutes. Smells like smoke in the empty lobby where they are supposedly full! Do not book via Priceline!
Needs an extreme makeover - the place is smoky and not worth a try.
Not sure how exactly I ended up at this hotel...I used that one website where you type in an amount you are willing to pay and request a location (such as on the strip) and once it pulls something up for you you are committed and must book and pay. It gave us the Westin which was more money than we typed in and not even on the strip! I know some Westins out there are nice and this one looked big and beautiful in the pictures so we thought it wouldn't be so bad. But once we got there we were totally disappointed! The rooms were really small and ugly and the pool was also really small and ugly. I also had a really mean black jack dealer that embarrassed me in front of the whole table and constantly teased me through the whole game. What's funny was he never checked my ID so before I walked away I told him I was under 21 just to scare him. Of course I had fun because It's still Vegas! But don't take a chance on this hotel, it was over priced for the experiance and you can find just as good of a deal on fancier hotels on the strip! This one definitely does not live up to Vegas standards, it's so boring and small. I don't know how they got those pictures to look so good but maybe I should hire that photographer for something!
Really gotta take the Westin name off this place.  It feels like a Days Inn.  At least upgrade the TV's to flatscreens.  It's 2011, a 32" lcd is like $400.
Really people? It's not the Cosmopolitan... relax with your ridiculous expectations. 

Booked the Westin with Expedia & I had a GREAT experience here. It's an average hotel & doesn't have anything special like Planet Hollywood, Bellagio (honestly who cares about fountains if you're not a child or from another country),  Wynn, etc. However, it's simple, clean, and has an excellent staff. It's close enough to the hot spots of Vegas & it actually has a casino, pool, spa, & restaurant. 

 If you're going to go to Vegas to sit in your hotel room all day, spend a little more $ & stay somewhere else. But most of us like to go out, whether to drink, dance or sight see, thus the only thing that should matter is when you do come back can you: shower? have a bed to sleep on & have lovely Vegas dreams? YES & YES 

Let me add that the beds here are the BEST!!! It felt like I slept on clouds!
Eh. So-so, at best. I stay in Starwood properties all over the place and this is one of the lowliest Westin's I've visited. Tube TVs are way out of date. Rooms are smallish. Lobby is smokey (but this is Vegas, baby). Pool/spa area are decent. Public areas are clean, but I found rice cracker pieces under the ottoman in my room after I checked in ... tisk, tisk.
You folks are harsh! 

The Westin met the mark for what we needed for a 1-night stay (no, not a 1-night stand) in Vegas. 

$110 gets you a top floor room, 2 comfy Queen beds, check-in @ 12pm, clean hotel (very little smoke), friendly staff, free and efficient valet, 24-hour Starbucks in the lobby, good toiletries and the lowest "resort fee" I've seen ($12). 

If you're really picky, here are some points that you may want to consider (though to be honest, it didn't affect our stay that much, being how short it was): 
* Pool is mini 
* Strip is 2 blocks down 
* No fancy view 
* No fancy club attached 
* No iPod dock in the room 
* Daily charge for wireless 
* No masseuse on 24-hour call....... 

Seriously.
I've stayed here over the last 5 years I think and it's gone from being nice and sane in a world of madness, to just a touch shabby.

I used to love it because compared to the rubbish hotels in Vegas, this was a bit of an escape. Sanity. Calm. No big casino. No clubs etc. I love all that...but not in the hotel. The walk to the strip was short and you know, the beds were fantastic.

Now though, it's just completely been eclipsed. The Wynn, Cosmopolitan and all the other newer hotels just dazzle and shine and the poor old Westin is, as someone else said, like putting lipstick on a pig. 

The areas around it remain sketchy and undeveloped, the views are RUBBISH, the spa isn't great, the service is just ok, the TV (per the pics) is from the 80's I think... I come away thinking that I'm in the cheap seats and that's unfortunately not the truth either... at $180 + a stupid resort fee, it's a bit of a con.

And as a Starwood Platinum for many years....SPG you should know better. Please refresh and update or call it a pig.
There is one advantage with a franchised model vis a vis hotels within the US:  "seemingly clean bathrooms" and comfortable beds with its corresponding fluffy pillows.  This Westin spot in Vegas had it - a business destination that provided me with frequent flyer advantage for my future international travel joys.

The place is off the beaten path which is great for a solitary thinker.  However it is conveniently adjacent to the Bally's Hotel if you are a "closet gambler" - a note to take, not I in both accounts.

I stayed here in the Spring for a couple of business meetings - it was great - from a points gathering standpoint, from a nice steak QUIET dinner and no frills lobby.

VEGAS?  - it is not my type of town from a social standpoint - on the other hand it is an ABERRATION and anti-culture that symbolizes that which the old world is NOT - SANS - without (anything, {substantial, that is.}).

For work? I'd recommend if you want to rack up your WESTIN points and focus on your task!  - GREAT WIFI connection.
The B E S T place to stay in Vegas if you are traveling with pets.
All the others are becoming pet friendly but Westin had it first.
Room Service is excellent!
We ended up getting a decent deal through the Priceline Negotiator (it was a holiday weekend), but this place is definitely not a 4-star hotel. Yes, it is close to the strip, but the area around it is underdeveloped and shady.

The lobby of the hotel is relatively nice and we appreciated that it was quiet and smoke-free. However, the front-desk staff is not the friendliest and the check-in process was not the quickest.

The rooms are very dated and the views, nonexistent. The carpets, as other Yelpers have stated, are quite dirty so make sure you don't forget your flip-flops. The bathrooms are clean but the tub floor could be cleaner.   The TV is a relic, but it gets the job done. On the plus side, the beds are comfy.

We hated that they do not provide free wifi and, in addition, our phones could not not connect to the internet with our own data plans while in the hotel either. Very annoying. Also annoying is the fact that their express check-out does not work, so you still have to go to the front desk.

For what we paid, we would not stay here again.
The Westin is rated as a four star hotel, but it is definitely not that. The hotel lobby is nice. The rooms are very standard and they don't even have a flat screen TV in it. The rooms are pretty small and only one person can comfortable fit in the bathroom at a time. The bathrooms do not even have an air blower. You could hear everything that your neighbor was doing and feel every time a door closed which must had marks and dirt on them.  For the price I paid to stay there I felt ripped off. I would definitely not ever pick to stay there again. Outside of that the customer service was awesome! A lot of hotels could learn from them on how to treat guest.
The hotel is ok, but I use Westins for the workout room, and this Westins workout room sucks. The hotel doesn't keep it up. broken equipment, broken tv's, the room is unclean, cluttered and a real turn off. This is not the Westin Workout I expect. Even a street person was using the gym, I watched him come in, use the facility, make a mess and leave without the hotel staff even noticing.
A mixed bag for sure.

** Pluses:
Comfy bed
Quiet respite away from Vegas
24 hour Starbucks in the lobby
Close enough to the Strip without the annoyances of being on the Strip
Close to the monorail

** Minuses:
No views of anything
Terrible area nearby that makes it scary to be walking late at night around here
Shower is pretty plain and blase
Part of it look beat up and needs a refurb

I will be honest -- the 2 things that make me stay here are the SPG points (as opposed to no SPG or Hyatt points at the Cosmo or Wynn) and the sheer quiet. If neither of those appeal to you, skip it, else this is a good bet.
I attended an event planned by old ladies. This hotel/casino seems to cater to an older crowd. Any of you youngsters looking for a hip and happening scene want to steer clear of the Westin.

Pros...Very comfortable bed with thick fluffy comforter and FIVE pillows per bed! Sleep quality was outstanding for me. Our room seemed to have newer carpet as it was clean and not worn. The bathroom has a large counter with plenty of room for two people to spread out their things. The bathroom is outfitted with a better than average hair dryer and a scale. Floor to ceiling mirror in the hall by the door.

Cons...Not on the strip. Not enough plugs to plug in chargers and gadgets. There were only 3 in our room and none at the desk. Rooms are small. Even a suite was two small rooms with a wall knocked out. Not enough light in the hall by the closet. No safe to secure valuables. Our tiled shower/bath had grime in the grout. It might have been mold but I'm not a mold expert. All I can say it that the grout was quite dirty. Our key cards had a hard time opening the door. It was very touchy and we had to swipe it in a very particular manner.

I usually stay on the strip but event planners had me coming here. It was ok, but I wouldn't recommend it with so many other superior choices.
Great location just a block off the strip, and an accommodating staff that has convinced me that I will be back. Rooms are a little small, but hey, you get SPG points and LOCATION!

Also of note, 24 hour Starbucks is a win!
comfy in general!

need improvement:
* Killer bathtub with off scale level to floor when step out!
* Old '90 TV :(
* Interior Noise level " LOUD"  (  everytime plane comes & gone ) :O

**** Parking FREE
Recently stayed at the Westin Casuarina and was pleasantly surprised. More of a business traveler hotel than a resort. Not glitzy by any means. Room was clean and modern (Except for the TV). My one complaint would be the heating and cooling system. Had to call maintenance after being in my room for a couple hours because it was 61 degrees in my room, heat wasn't working (It was 52 outside). They came in and fixed it but, from that point on all it would do was heat. The next day it was too hot but, wouldn't cool. Frustrating. I left it that way instead of calling maintenance again. All of the meeting rooms seemed to have allot of the same issues. On the upside, The staff there was very pleasant and helpful. The bar in the casino was a great place to unwind at night and the casino, albeit small was fun. Very short walk to the strip too!
This hotel could be a lot better, but it's decent. 

There seems to be one truism with Vegas hotels - if it's inexpensive, it probably isn't renovated - and the surest way to tell is by looking at the TV. The Casuarina room we were given on a recent trip to Las Vegas was stocked with a relic Zenith CRT, which tells you pretty much how things went. 

The carpet in rooms is torn up near the door in some places, very obviously so. Not small tears, but big rips in the floor that look like huge gashes from much neglect. In our room, there was poorly-erased graffiti which looked like it was the product of either a drunk/stoned adult or an unsupervised child, maybe even both. The surrealist semi-erased poetic musings provided for an interesting couple showers. Either way the markings were visible all over the tile in the bathroom shower, wall and parts of the bathroom exterior.

There's also a resort fee which is standard fare, but no free WiFi/internet accompanying it. 

A few of my friends also booked rooms and I checked theirs out - same kind of general neglect.

The Casuarina has a casino, but honestly why would you go there when there are so many more lively options a block away? Basically this place is a hotel one block off the strip - the proverbial bed and a shower you need, but go elsewhere for amenities - and obviously they know it. Probably the best thing about this place is that it has a real Starbucks on the ground floor with chairs and some working space.

I can't complain, but really I wish the rooms were just a hair better. Then it'd be great.
Another 5 star review!  What is this world coming to?  Was here for one night and the room was ok, nothing special.  What earned the 5 stars you may ask?  I was still on east coast time and was up at 5am and bored out of my mind!  So I went to the "casino", really only a handfull of slots and one table that was not open.  I decided I would loose $200.  WRONG!  After an hour or so of jumping from machine to machine, I went back up to my room with about $800!  It was GREAT!
I loved staying at this hotel. I will certainly be staying here again next time I'm in town.

Not only did they allow us to check in early but they also let us stay late. The service was spectacular. Their small casino had all the essentials like blackjack, craps and of course, wheel of fortune. The tables were all $5 and $10 tables even on a Saturday night. The lounge was quick and the servers were friendly. The cocktail waitresses were quick to refill drinks while gambling. The room was comfortable and clean but I could hear the neighbors moving around. The restaurant, Suede, has a buffet breakfast that was great. There was even a 24 hour Starbucks in the lobby.

I would recommend staying at the Westin. It's quieter than the big casinos but located right up the street if you want the whole experience.
Disappointing overall. This property does not live up to Sheraton standards let alone Westin Standards. This can't be a corporate property. Starwood needs to do a better job monitoring their franchise properties.  Starting to rethink my Starwood loyalty. I had over 30 stays at Starwood properties this year and this one is the worst by far. It's in desperate need of renovations. The rooms are tiny, so at least put flat screens in them as opposed to the tube TV circa 1988. 

I've seen a lot of kudos on here for the 24 hour Starbucks but don't try and use a Starbucks gift card or mobile app... You will be denied.  

Almost forgot to mention that the closets are smaller than most suitcases!
What a really nice surprise. I went into the Westin for the first time a couple months ago and I loved it! They have a nice bar and small casino floor. The Spa is very nice and very soothing. I like that the fact that the casino is small and not smokey. It's so close to the strip, it's like staying on the strip. The food there is very good and affordable. One of the biggest plus points for me is they also have a 24 hour Starbucks. The people are friendly and the service is very good. 

I would suggest going in and having a drink and you will feel what I'm talking about.
Our family stayed here one night.  This is a smoke-free hotel so smokers beware. 

The room was nice and clean--beds were extremely comfy. Only had three complaints:

1: Coffeemaker in room was not in working order. :-(

2. Housekeeping was knocking on our door before 8 AM on a SATURDAY morning while the Do Not Disturb sign was on the door handle. This is such a fail. We were looking forward to sleeping in. 

3. I could not figure out how to use the phone. I thought I was an idiot, but hubby and kids also were confused.

I would still come back and stay here as it is fantastic for BUSINESS. I wouldn't stay here with kids as it's very much a business-class type of hotel.

The valet and front desk were extremely professional and courteous. Understated elegance and professionalism. 

Hotel is located one block from the Strip and one block away from Lawry's The Prime Rib restaurant.

Buffet breakfast was very good and since I am not a fan of buffets, that's saying something. Kids eat for under 10 bucks. Great fruit selections, oatmeal, meats (applewood bacon, sausages, bangers, Virginia ham), eggs, Eggs Benedict, French Toast, pastries, bagels, potatoes, yogurt, granola (homemade and delish). Hubby had the Huevos Rancheros and it looked fantastic. He loved it, but it's impossible to eat all of it.
This is the kind of place where you don't have to leave the location to have a good time - BUT, if you are feeling froggish and would like to leap, the strip is a 4 or 5 minute walk, less then 1/2 a block, and you will find yourself between Bally's/Paris, Bellagio, Caesar's, and more, placing you literally right in the middle of the strip.
I've stayed here with two buddies of mine about a year ago. (I know belated review here) I thought the hotel was quite nice for the price you pay. I got a deal on hotwire for $100 a night and the rooms are clean and has everything a room should have. Nothing too fancy like Wynn or Aria where they have remote controlled curtains etc.

What I liked about this hotel was that it is not to far from the main strip (just a 5min walk towards Ballys and Bills) and that it is quiet. There was never a point where I had a fear of claustrophobia like I do at some of the main strip hotels. Plus the price is just right. So if those sound like your thing, this is your hotel! 

PS. I also love how they have 3 to 2 payout at the blackjack tables instead of 2 to 1. Plus their dealers are super nice!
I would give a 4.5, but it won't let me! Nice hotel, friendly staff, affordable gambling, great food at suede, Starbucks open 24 hours. Only weird thing was the weird smells when walking across the main floors.
Understand that if you are looking for the Vegas experience, don't come here. You will not get it here. Even if I put these items aside, I still experienced issues with my stay.

First, even though the facility appeared to have undergone a bit of a face lift...well it just didn't lift quite high enough for me. The rooms...even if you decided to put in a flat screen television (which they did) does not mean that it makes the room better. The carpet is worn over and the air did not work very well. Frankly it was a sauna, no matter how many times we tried to turn it down. The beds were okay. I just couldn't get past how worn the room seemed. In addition, very small. There was not a lot of wiggle room with two full size beds...oh that's right, the size of the bed. I am five foot five inches. When I spanned my arms across the bed my hands dangled over. Weird. I am happy I did not have to share.

On the plus side they do have a 24 hour Starbucks on site AND they have a coffee maker IN THE ROOM! This locate is geared towards business travelers. There is a 24 hour gym (which is quite nice actually, considering that I had just come from a place where their gym closed down at 7 pm....I know it is Vegas and I should be out drinking and causing general chaos at 7 pm not trying to work out). The WiFi was spotty, so much so that I wound up turning on my own hot-spot rather than deal with it.

As stated before this is not for the Vegas experience. It is located a few blocks from the strip and as someone mentioned before I don't believe that I would walk by myself at night from the strip back to the hotel. In fact, I didn't and I was with someone. We grabbed a cab rather then debate whether or not we may be uncomfortable.

So in a nutshell if I were a business traveler and wanted nothing else other than business amenities, then I would probably check this place out, maybe.

Oh...and stop saying you have a casino on location...just because you splattered a few machines on your lobby floor (okay maybe more than just a few) does not (in my head of course) qualify as a casino. This description is disappointing especially when you are using a third party site that is attempting to describe the facility.
I stayed at this hotel during the first weekend of March. I have heard that new management team took over earlier this year and its gearing towards the positive direction. Here are my summaries of stay

Pros:
1. Turns down are back. Its good to have a clean room when you are back to your room at night.
2. Flat Screen TV is finally here. But HD channels are still missing
3. Attractive Weekend rate and ability to earn starwood points and enjoy elite benefits.
4. Ease to walk to the room from parking lot when comparing to mega hotels.

Cons:
1. Internet did not work during my stay. I tried to contact the tech support but still did not work. Both of my friends' PC and Mac was not able to connect to their wifi so its not our computer's problem for sure.
2. The cut back of their "social hour" (it used to be 2 hours but now to 1 hour). One of my biggest pet peeve is that they not just reduced in terms of food offering. They used to be at the room inside the Suade restaurant which was quite relaxing and able to enjoy the drinks an snacks but now its just a big bowl of salsa chips and located between the hallway to the spa and pool.
3. Inside their spa they used to offer bottled water and juices too, but its all gone.
4. I wish they can spend some time to ask engineers to clean the lents inside their bathroom and also the pipes for drainage. Good maintenance can keep the room lasts longer since there is no known room renovation plan announced yet. I was surprised to see how long it took for waters to drain down the pipe. Its embarrassing.

I hope the hotel can seriously improve on the offering along with other issues so I will be more likely to return to this property and be my choice of hotel whenever visiting Vegas.
I'm very glad to have stayed last week for 2 days at the Westin hotel,
The beds were awesome, clean, nice, & calm.

I got 1 night WiFi free as a courtesy - without asking for it,
i needed a kosher microwave and the guy at the office down stares (Travis i think) helped me with it.
Rooms were clean and i slept like a ROCK on the bed. The bar area was fun, and if you're playing machines the drinks are on the house. Nice to have a Starbucks in house too.

I didn't get a chance to hit the pool, but the area looked like fun with a jacuzzi and workout room as well. 

The Strip is a madhouse IMO. It's nice to stay at a Hotel like the Westin that's only a block off with half the crowds.. I'm all in.
Overall, it was good stay. Kinda off strip (especially if you don't have car and need to walk it can be a bit inconveneint) but hotel was pretty quiet so I enjoyed my stay there. The clerks were really nice and attentive, they offer free drinks and chips I think from 5:30 to 6:30. Room was clean and cozy. Bathroom was clean too.
Had breakfast at the Suede. Ordered the buttermilk pancake and it came with sliced bananas and a small container of shelled nuts. It was OK but I didn't think it was worth the $12.00. They only provided 2 tiny containers of syrup but a large pat of butter. Coffee was $4.00. Yeah...a bit pricey.
10 MINUTES WALKING FROM STRIP!

Modern looking rooms!

I stayed here with my cousin as we did a cousin bonding trip ... lol Vegas? I know right?

But anyways, we loved the facility! 

Gym (For all you meat heads and health freaks)  Has treadmills, weights, yoga mats, and an "All in one" gym set.

Pool looks nice, I never went in (Well I got it in, but you know ....) It was cold at the time that I went but it looked very clean!

Casino has some nice games, not big on gambling tho ... Only type of gambling I do is when I live on the edge ... I gamble my life ... lol ....

The rooms are nice with new modern furniture.  It doesn't have a nasty smell to it.  
Also, every time you leave, house keeping comes and goes to work!  My cousin barfed and clogged the toilet, we left the room to get breakfast, and when we got back, it was fixed!  

They have wonderful customer service too!  I was able to check out at 2pm (YES 2pm)  ... How do you like them apples???? lol

The best part is, it was only a 10 minute walk from the strip!  (Even a lil tipsy!)

Enjoy!
This hotel is located about 10 minutes from the strip by the bellagio. It has a small casino inside which is nice if you want to get away from all the people on the strip. The staff was overall pleasant. Our rooms were ok since we stay at alot of starwood properties i would have to say that this isnt the best westin i have stayed at. The ice machine on my floor was not working and i called to report it 2 days later it was still broken. So it kinda suck going to other floor everything i wanted ice. But what really killed the whole trip and why they dont get 4 or 5 stars is the food they offer. Terrible if i was just rating the food i would give it 2 stars. Do Not order room service. We ordered NY steak,Ribs, Pasta,Cheesecake and it was all terrible and a bill for 175. Luckly we complained and they gave us a discount but Never again. Even with the discount. I would def try and stay at a different hotel next time but if the rate was good at this westin i might think about it!
I had a very nice stay here!  I stayed here for a leadership conference and was completely satisfied with my weekend.

The rooms are clean, modern, and smell wonderful!  And the beds are super comfortable.  It's a little off the strip, but not too far to walk everywhere as long as you're prepared with the right shoes.  I would definitely stay here again.

There's a Starbucks, a convenience/souvenir store, and a very tasty restaurant (mid to high end in price).

The pool is not extravagant like the ones on the main strip, but it's a sufficient pool.

The casino is small compared to the ones on the main strip, but still gives you some good gambling choices.

If you're looking for a classy, comfortable hotel to stay in and find refuge while in Las Vegas this is a great choice.  You can go crazy at the other hotels and then come back to this one.
The Westin has some good things about it, and some bad things about it.

I usually stay there when on business travel, and I suspect most of their guests do too.  They seem to have a lot of airline employee guests (flight attendants, etc) as well.

Good:
- It's supposed to be smoke free.  It mostly is (see below).
- The fitness center is decent.
- The pool and hottub are open until 3AM.  No one seems to know this, so there is rarely anyone in there late in the day.
- If you get one of the SPG floor rooms, the rooms are upgraded and up to a normal Westin standard.
- You can walk around the corner to Ellis Island, which has great BBQ, their own beer, and pretty good pizza.
- Starbucks is open 24 hours, but it's a hotel Starbucks, so it's overpriced.
- Free happy hour (I think) sometime around 5.  Beer and wine, chips.  Hey, it's free, don't complain.

Bad:
- The casino on the first floor allows smoking.  So the lobby area of the hotel is not smoke free.  It's not as bad as other hotels, but it's definitely not a completely smoke free hotel.
- As Westins go, this one is far below the standard.
- There's really nothing to do around here.  I know its not the Strip, but for example the Hard Rock Hotel (the other place I stay for business) is right across from almost a dozen restaurants, shops, etc.

I have to highlight one standout - one of the front desk staff, Dalarie (hope I spelled that right) is super nice and one of most competent Sheraton employees I've had the pleasure of dealing with.  I hope her managers read this and recognize her value to the hotel.
A peaceful high quality alternative for Vegas veterans.

If this is your first trip to Vegas, or if you are looking for the proper Vegas experience you might want to stay elsewhere.  There is simply no substitute for the big resorts/hotels in the middle of the strip.  You should only stay here if you fully understand that this is a hotel with a small casino; but not a proper Vegas casino resort/hotel.

The biggest upside of this hotel is it offers a 'stress-free' experience only 10 minutes walk away from the strip Bally's.  There's no attraction/night clubs/sports bar at the hotel which means you do not get throngs of tourists/club goers/loud sports fans/loud bachelor party groups partying here.  Even though there's only one restaurant in the property there's never a line either.

The room-
Nicely appointed as I've come to expect from a Westin 'standard'.  During my recent stay (May 2012) it seems they have also upgraded the TV's to large flat screens.  The deluxe city view is approx 200sqft.  A coffee machine, safe and a lazy chair are included in the amenities.
All rooms are smoke free even though smoking is allowed on the casino floor (adjacent to lobby).

The location-
A lot of people might be put off by their 'off strip' location.  However, I honestly feel that this hotel's location is as good as 'on strip'.  They are located about 10 minutes walk behind Bally's.  Due to the fact that Bally's is at the center of the strip this means you can get to Caesars and City Center complex under 30 minutes on foot.  This is a big plus for me on a busy holiday weekend since it's a pain to get in or out of those casino's by cab due to traffic/wait line.  I would argue that the location of this hotel is better than the 'on-strip' hotels at the far north/south ends of the strip.

Service-
Nothing left to be desired ... pretty much in line with what's expected from Westin.  Check-in agent seems to have authority to offer 'freebies'.  We mentioned that we're in Vegas to celebrate my engagement and was given a free bottle of champagne and cheese platter.
There is one 24hr restaurant and a starbucks (also open 24hr) on location.  Their players' card comped $ can be used at starbucks.
Free beer and wine for an hour during their 'social hour'

Price-
Weekend rates about $125-$150 per night.  They are sometimes found on Yuupon discounted rates and I managed to get a rate of $100 for 2012 memorial weekend.

In conclusion, this should be part of your short list if you need a hotel to rest after a night out on the strip due to it's convenient location and the good value for money that it offers; but you're not looking to stay in a 'Vegas' style suites / resorts.
I spent four nights here over the recent holiday weekend... my last visit to Vegas involved a disappointing stay a mile away, with no in-room coffee and nothing interesting close to the hotel other than a Hard Rock restaurant. Having had good Starwood experiences since joining SPG in 2004, I figured I couldn't go wrong here. 

I didn't go wrong. 

The front desk staff were always helpful, Marcus at Suede remembered my name and was very courteous and attentive to my needs, the room was comfortable and clean, the breakfast buffet was the best buy for breakfast, and I loved being able to hook up a HDMI cable to the in-room LCD TV and have a second monitor for my laptop. 

They have a "green" program for SPG members, where if you forego housekeeping for a day, you get $5 off food and drink or 500 SPG points. If you're staying more than three days, I'd suggest not choosing this option at checkin... you can choose it with a card on your door each night, so if you want your room cleaned in the middle but not every day, you can still get the benefits (I think) other than the cleaning day and the checkout day. However, when I needed towels or coffee I just asked at the front desk and they were delivered promptly. 

As other reviewers have mentioned, it's about "a block" to the Strip. If you come from a normal city, think 4 blocks to the corner where Bill's is. You'll find Bumblebee from the Transformers (or a reasonable facsimile) there, and the rest of the Las Vegas strip. There's a liquor and grocery store two normal-blocks away (halfway to the Strip), and the gas station next door has a reasonable convenience store in case you miss the 10pm closing of the gift shop. 

Main upsides:

* Courteous staff. Never a bad experience with the personnel. 
* Breakfast buffet at Suede was great. Not cheap, and I might have shopped around if it hadn't been on company expense, but it was a pretty good start to the day.
* 24-hour coffee availability, in-room and at Starbucks in the lobby. 
* Nice in-room amenities and linens/towels/robe. 

The only downsides I'd have to report would be:

* The TV is HD but the cable channels are not. On the upside, HDMI in, so you can use your laptop or portable DVD easily. And of all the things that could be bad, I'll take this one. 
* I got the "hotel computer is being worked on" message when trying to look at my folio on the tv. Not sure if that got fixed, or if it was because I was on a corporate plan, but that was unexpected. 
* Parking structure is a bit cramped. Always a free space... free as in available, and free as in no parking fees... but it could get scary if it was a crowded car weekend.
* Mini-bar was a bit sparse. Beer, wine, soda, bottled water, a snack or two. But if you can't find a drink in Vegas otherwise, you need help. :) 

Next time I head to Vegas, whether it's work again or pleasure, I'm likely to stay here.
I absolutely enjoyed staying here. Right when I walked in, I loved how the "Westin Smell" captivated me even though there were people smoking in the casino area, and it wasn't noisy.  The room was decent in size, and the bed was comfortable with plushy pillows. 

Kudos for having a 24 hour Starbucks on the premises. Oh, and their 24 hour Restaurant, SUEDE served good food which was reasonably priced.
This is a nice hotel conveniently located 1 block from the strip. It is your standard business type hotel, not really a resort. One restauraunt and a very small casino. If you are looking for a place for a meeting, which I went to, it is fine. I would probably not stay here on a vacation trip. It is close to many independent places to eat. It is in in close walking distance to other, bigger, resort hotels.
Awesome front desk service. 

It definitely isn't a smoke free hotel. My room still smells a bit smokey. :(

They have a social hour from 5:30 - 6:30 daily. 

No free wifi u less you're using your spg gold member points.

To note to housekeeping - please make sure the alarm is turned off for the next guest. I am not pleased to be awake at 5:30am!
great alternative to the big box hotel/casinos.  If you like to walk through your lobby and not get lost, you'll love this place.
Recently spent one night at The Westin Las Vegas, and was pleasantly surprised. The resort was clean, the casino was fun and the room was very spacious. We found a great deal online that included breakfast buffet for two. 

The bed was extremely comfortable, the sheets and comforter were fluffy and the pillow was perfect. Westin knows how to treat their guests!
The bathroom came with all the normal amenities, and to add a little fun...a rubber ducky! 

We spent some time at the pool and Jacuzzi while visiting the resort. Both were small but suited their purpose. They also had beach balls for the kids floating around the pool. There is also a pool bar right off the pool so you don't have to go far for a beverage. 

After visiting the pool we found ourselves at the complementary happy hour! A stocked bar of beer and white or red wine was available in unlimited quantities for an hour before dinner. Chips and salsa were also available to snack on while you enjoyed your drinks. 

The breakfast buffet was fully stocked and delicious. Here are a few things on the buffet menu: Scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, eggs Benedict, bagels, and to top it off...Krispy Kreme Donuts! YUM! 

I would stay at the Westin again and would recommend it to anyone looking to be close to the strip but not on the strip. It is only a short block walk to the heart of Las Vegas Fun!
We booked a room for 2 nights through Travelocity's secret hotel's. Once we found out what hotel we were booked at I checked out the reviews, and left for NV with a bit of apprehension. We arrived a 10:30 pm on Friday (that drive in is just ugly), dropped the car in the garage and got checked in. The gentleman that processed our transaction was fantastic, he upgraded our room, sent housekeeping to de-feather it (I'm allergic), and was super helpful. The bellman was very nice. The room was beautiful, clean, the bed was comfy, I was very happy with everything, My one and only gripe was that the fridge was solely a mini bar., in the sweltering heat cold drinks would have been tops. We were booked in for 2 nights, both of which were great. Also do be aware of the resort fee (not the first LV hotel I've run across it at, but some people are surprised). Very pleasant surprises all the way around.

Pros:
 1 personable staff 
 2 clean
 3 24 hour starbucks
 4 small casino (I'm not a gambler)
 5 Close to Monorail
 
 
Cons
 1 mini bar with no real fridge
I have been staying at this hotel the past couple of times I have been in Vegas on business...especially after Planet Hollywood was no longer affiliated with Starwood (such a bummer)!  The rooms are quite comfortable...love the heavenly bed and the heavenly shower!  The staff is always very nice too.  4 stars for this!

I was disappointed this time that I chose to "go green" and forgo changing sheets etc.  I didn't realize that meant I would have to deal with my towels piling up on the bathroom floor in exchange for $5 in food/beverage credit - really?  Your housekeeping crew does nothing to my room and you only give me $5 - boy, was I a sucker!  Seems you have been able to cut back on staff, cut back on service and not save the customer any money...or $5 - wow!  Also, my keys kept getting deactivated even though I wasn't keeping them next to anything magnetic.  0 stars for this!
Just off the strip. Great to get away from the stuck up crowd but close enough to join the party.
This Westin is just off the strip. It's got a small casino in the lobby, which is pretty confusing (the guestroom elevators are particularly well hidden).

The overall feel is "updated 10 years ago and needs it again."  The whole place is overly beige and quite boring, which depending on your attitude, can be a refreshing change from the over-the-top-ness of other Strip hotels.

The rooms are quite big with comfortable Westin beds and handsome modern sleek furniture. 

Staff were efficient and friendly in minimal interactions, but the maids offering a heartfelt "hello" and the desk staff offering a "aww, there' right down there, honey" when a tired me said "i can't find the elevators!" both made my day a little better.

MINUSES:

- no free Wifi (seriously, it's 2012, why do high end hotels still nickle and dime us for wifi when we get it free at Motel 6)
- Popcorn ceilings
- Tattered towels 
- Broken and crooked toilet paper holder
- No fridge cept minibar, where you are warned not to use it for personal items

PLUSES:

- friendly staff
- Nice bathroom amenities
- big flat screen TV
- Coffee tea maker in room
- in room safe

This a perfectly decent place to stay, but needs a refresh, and several broken items and the tattered towels speaks to a slight lack of attention to detail you'd expect from a Westin.
So clean, fresh, and bright!

Stayed here for 2 nights - the beds really are heavenly! Everytime I would lay down I did not want to get up!

Easy check in, and since I was a SPG member we got a complementary upgrade. 

The hotel offers a happy hour for free wine, beer, and hors d'oeuvres from 5:30 to 6:30. The westin is a non smoking hotel, except for the casino area. Since I was recovering from a severe asthma attack and hospital trip, I had no issues.  

The place was very clean and smelled new and fresh. I loved the white tea scent. I wish I bought some to take home with me! 

They have a 24 hour restaurant and starbucks! Great for late night fiends.

We walked to the strip from the hotel, very easy!! 

We will stay here again..

The only issue I had was that the walls were very thin and I could hear everything in the rooms next to you and across from you. You could also hear everyone in the hallway... 

But overall great stay!
I'm mainly reviewing this place because I really don't think it deserves a measly 3-star rating.

My friend booked this hotel for Labor Day weekend, and after looking at the reviews, I was really disappointed that we didn't get a nicer hotel. When we pulled up to the place, I couldn't understand what these reviews were talking about. Some things worth noting:

+ VERY close to the strip without being on the actual strip. I don't understand why people keep saying that there's "nothing in the area."
+ Very friendly staff. I got to be on a first-name basis with the bartender at the pool.
+ Free happy hour nightly from 5:30-6:30. I like free booze and food.
+ The pool is open until 3am, quiet, and has a jacuzzi - three things that are very hard to find on the strip.
+ Room was clean, beds were VERY comfortable, and linens were clean.
+ Maid service was prompt.

- The Suede restaurant is kinda overpriced. The eggs benedict in the buffet were overcooked. Meh. BUT this hotel is a block away from Ellis Island, which is my new favorite cheap eats restaurant EVER. Review coming soon.
- The lobby was really really perfumy. I'm sensitive to scent, so it didn't fare very well with my hangover on Sunday morning.

At first, I really wanted the "Vegas Experience" this weekend, but I ended up really enjoying the chill atmosphere. I'd definitely stay again.
Likes: rooms are decent size, nice and clean, casino small, breakfast buffet downstairs, just down the block from the Vegas strip

Dislikes: I don't have anything bad to say, but there was nothing really wow about this hotel compared to others I've been to but it was still nice and CLEAN so I'd say 3.5 stars
Not sure why so many are hating on this place. The rooms are a little dated and the lobby reeks of smoke (it's vegas afterall). The staff are all friendly. Room service is very affordable, the same or cheaper than in inexpensive Saint Louis and Kansas City! Most of it was quite tasty as well.

Of course it's annoying it's a block further off the strip, but there aren't many chains that have secured a spot on the strip so it's to be expected.
Pluses: great location to be close to The Strip but pay off-strip prices (5/10 minute walk to Ballys/Paris), Westin Heavenly Bed & Heavenly Shower, nice if u want to rest away from the city's hustle & bustle, plenty of free parking

Minuses: Small pool, small spa (it's nice but doesn't have all of the amenities that you'd find at a big spa), surprised they didn't have iHomes in the room

Also I was disappointed with some of the customer service. We wanted to leave our bags with the bellhop because our room wasn't ready yet. He wasn't there but the concierge and all 4 of the people at the check in desk weren't doing anything. I know they saw us waiting! It was so long before someone even acknowledged us that I was literally seconds from putting my bags back in my car! Even if it's not your job, you should at least say "he'll be right back" or "let me find him". Or even better, help us yourself! How hard is it to put a ticket on a bag! That was so uncalled for... Disappointing
No shuttle ! Host was friendly and nice ::a total plus:: room was okay. Love Westin beds! Decor was bland and the TV was old and fuzzy.
Time for an updated review, and one from someone who doesn't have unrealistic expectations!
This is a GREAT location in Vegas - far enough away from the hot messes directly on the strip, and the accompanying noise - but close enough to easily walk to it. This feels as close to a "business" hotel in Vegas as I've experienced, but it's still Vegas. This place wasn't overrun with screaming children, strollers, or people who'd had too many cocktails. It felt like the perfect balance: some slots, card games, tables, food, Starbucks - all inside the ground floor of the hotel; a great pool with plenty of places to lay out and enjoy the hot Vegas sun; very sharp, clean, comfy rooms with wonderful beds; LOTS to see and do nearby. 
Not sure what else people want here, but this is one of my favorites in Vegas and I'll be back, no questions asked. Hope the reviews reflect people's honest experiences here - and that more will review to update the outdated (and whiny) ones!
Nice, clean, quiet. Was in LV for business and appreciated that this hotel wasn't crazy at all hours--also, non-smoking. Staff were very pleasant. If I were forced to go back to Las Vegas I'd probably stay here again.
3 stars only because I have been disturbed all day by the staff (and its not even noon yet).  First disturbance, phone ringing (0630), I suspect it was the front desk calling leading to disturbance #2.  Approx 7am there is a knock on my door and its maintenance.  He says "oh, they told me the room was vacant".  Who told you?  The front desk who has a computer containing information on which rooms are vacant and filled?  Apparently I don't exist.  I get moved to another room two floors up because maintenance needs to fix some plumbing issues that are affecting the floor below.  So I lose my comfy king bed and end up with a double.  Life goes on and I'm sitting here relaxing with my do not disturb sign on the door.  I hear a knock and think it's the maids next door.  Nope, its someone coming into my room.  I get up, pissed off, and ask her what she wants.  She's like " your sign is on the floor", so does that mean I want to be disturbed because the very flimsy do not disturb sign fell, probably while she pushed the handle down to open my door?  She then asks me when I was checking out.  Um, first off check out is at 12, its only 11.  Also, I'm not checking out until tomorrow!!! WTF Westin!  

The rooms are comfortable but some updating can occur.  The furniture is somewhat banged up and the carpet is stained.  But at least it's clean. 

Ate breakfast at the restaurant downstairs, it was sufficient but I didn't eat $18 worth.  Service was lacking too. I asked for ketchup, and 10 min later it showed up.  

The gym is small but adequate.
yes it is a little dated and needs to be updated but it is what it is. The room service was fair in price and tasty. The bed comfy and the shower worked....Isn't that all you need when in vegas?
The hotel itself is fine.  Clean, big rooms, decent room service, convenient location.  However, the staff and particularly management are not up to Starwood standards.

I'm platinum SPG so I stay at a lot of Starwood properties.  Their billing system was down so they weren't able to print or e-mail me a folio (bill) at check out, but the front desk assured me it would be e-mailed in a couple hours.  However, my credit card had already been charged for the room....

6 hours later, no folio.  So I call the hotel.  The manager Samantha's response was "sorry, nothing we can do."  When I asked if it were possible to come up with an alternative such as a manual or handwritten receipt, Samantha the hotel manager said no.  Now, I wasn't trying to get anything for free, I just wanted a receipt for the charges the Westin so I could submit an expense report the next day.

Thus began a 24-hour ordeal of multiple calls to Starwood and customer service, which eventually culminated in receiving a handwritten receipt from Samantha, the manager.  This was exactly what I'd originally asked for.

It is now 5 days later and I still have yet to receive a formal folio from this hotel.  

I will never stay at the Westin Las Vegas again.
The restaurant is surprisingly good.
This is a review I am writing for the bar portion of this hotel. I stayed at the hotel but I have no opinion on it.
My coworkers and I went to this hotel bar a LOT while staying at the hotel. We were excited because they have a free happy hour for business people to mingle and maybe hook up with each other later. It was pretty lame as it turns out. They had a giant bowl of chips for us to eat and Pace Picante salsa in a slightly smaller but still big bowl. They had Bud Light and red, or white if you chose that option, wine. "From the bottle to the cup" is the slogan they kept using. Not very creative if you ask me, but no one ever does. That's why I write reviews on the internet.
I observed many flight attendants while sitting at this bar. I also got mistaken for a flight attendant by a drunken pilot. He loved trying to buy his new flight attendant friends drinks. He had seen a lot of movies about pilots and planes, like Airplane and Top Gun. He had a wedding ring according to my coworker so that lowered my opinion of him. I guess he was the only person we talked to.
Also, this isn't about the bar but it relates to alcohol drinking - This hotel has a convenience store at the end of the parking lot! If you can't get your bottle of wine open they have a guy that works at the hotel that will help you. He'll just come right up to your room, which by the way was charming as a country cottage, with one robe to share. But enough about the hotel.
The bar was reasonably priced according to the married pilot who bought my coworker and me drinks. We were all flying high by the end of the night. Try the quesadilla, said Randy, a name I made up for the pilot.
UGH! Worst customer service experience EVER and I travel a lot! I have a birthday present delivered to a guest at The Westin Las Vegas, but he never receives the package. THEN when I make a formal complaint, they tell me the whole situation is my fault AND keep the present I paid for. They STEAL from me THEN tell me it's my own fault. Won't EVER be giving them my business again. EVER!
I stayed at the westin this past weekend for the Las Vegas Rock n' Roll marathon. It's pet friendly and in a great location for those running the race. I've stayed two others times in the past 5 years but this time wasn't so great. I booked my room back in October 2012 on WESTIN's site. Upon arrival - I was told I did not have a reservation. As she suggested I booked through a third party site - I showed proof of my reservation and was told they could re-book the room for me. I felt more like a problem than a welcomed guest. While other front desk staff provided guests with information about their free refreshments, etc. I was just given my room key and "sorry." After checking into the room, the fridge was "broken" and permanently locked. The entire weekend I had to pry it open. I also called for pet bowls and were told they had none. I asked if they had some sort of alternative they could provide and was simply told "no" and that was the end of that conversation. I might try other alternatives...if you're traveling with pets there are other options - Trump hotel is pet friendly, Four Seaons, Ceasars, and some options off the strip. http://www.bringfido.com/lodging/city/las_vegas_nv_us/ 

It is too bad because I do like this hotel.
The Westin is a great place to stay if you don't really care about being directly ON the strip, you don't really have a need to gamble IN your hotel, and you plan to go OUT for meals. What you get instead is a comfortable, quiet room with a heavenly bed, a decent gym, a terrific spa, and an overall familiar experience if you are a frequent business traveler. You don't have to wait in line for 30 minutes to check in or out, you can get a cab as soon as you are outside, and you can walk to the strip within a few blocks. I think the monorail is nearby as well, if you prefer not to walk.
Great business hotel at the heart of the strip.
This was a great place to stay! Although it not on the strip it's walking distance and if you need a cab the valets can always get one for you. Loved the 24 hours Starbucks and restaurant! I wish I could remember the women's name who worked as a host late at night  3am(Filipino women) was great....so great we even requested her as our server. The front desk was very efficient, I had an issue with a my bill (I booked 4 rooms) and he was able to fix it in no time. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The only reason why I'm not giving 5 star is when we were to check out, housekeeping knocked on our door twice and we called down to the front desk early in the morning for a 1pm check out. My cousin who was across the hallway from us had a 4pm check out and the same thing happened to them. Otherwise, I'm very pleased with this hotel!
I have stayed at Westins but this is my first time staying at this one in Las Vegas for a weekend.

WOW, love the location.  It's a block off from the strip.  Good walking distance to other hotels and the strip.

Service is excellent....from check-in to check-out...from requesting additional items for the room...excellent.  Accommodating and friendly staffs.

The rooms are spacious, clean, and nice design.  The bed is comfortable..at least I didn't have hard time sleeping or toss 'n turn!  

I don't like the pillows in general at many hotels cuz they are sooooo soft! : (  But, with additional pillows, that helped a bit.

The spa and the pool area are really luxurious.  I enjoyed the pool area.  It can be crowded, of course, but wow, people are actually relaxed and no-nonsense stuff going on.  LOL  ;)  

It's also a pet-friendly place!  Something new to me!
Okay, so this is definitely not one of the fancy Vegas hotels with the more, more, more over the top mentality so if that's what you are you looking for then I would quickly suggest you quickly move along.  However, if you are looking to book a place that is accommodating to a small budget, but still nice and a great location then you've found your place.   I booked this room as a hotwire.com blind booking and luckily I was pleasantly surprised.

While this hotel is technically not on the strip, it is very close to the strip and centrally located which makes it ideal for a cheap cab ride to pretty much anywhere you would like to go.  The rooms are nice and clean and have everything you would need. And really, you're in Vegas so how much time are you actually spending in the room?  Stay here, save the money you would spend on a luxury resort and treat yourself to something special.
The benefits of being close to the strip without having to stay on the strip... something like that. 

The charm of this place for me is actually it's location. If you stay at a strip hotel when they happen to close the strip, getting around with your car would be a hassle. So this was a nice alternative for me since I try to visit places outside the Strip. One of these days, I'll be brave enough to stay in downtown. 

Anyway, the hotel is pretty simple with an equally simple casino. If you've ever wondered where your favorite slot machine went, they likely have a version here. Plus points for not disabling some of  the buttons like strip properties have been doing.
Not one of the extravagant hotels on the strip. It's two blocks off the strip, not far!
It's a Westin! So, it's very comfortable. It's was clean, affordable and a very relaxed stay. The 24 Starbucks is nice. And there is a small (smoke free) casino, although some were smoking!
No Stars, this place sucks! yesterday they eventually cleaned the room at 8PM... Today they did not bother cleaning and restocking my room at all! The front desk is a den of idiots... I have been stuck in this nightmare before at this hotel in previous years, it use to be infested with hookers, at least they are gone, but the staff and mgmt are the "C" String... it needs to close! to many issues and problems to type! DO NOT STAY HERE!
This Westin is just a block away from the Las Vegas Strip.  It offers great accommodations and provides a reasonably sized casino.  Parking is limited but they do have a covered garage, which seems safe.  The cashiers were very helpful and hardworking.  

Visit this place if you are in the area.
A very classy chill place to stay in Vegas.  Just off the strip so it's quiet and relaxing.  I wish the pool were a little bigger/flashier.  The drinks in the bar here are not cheap.  Go somewhere else to drink & come here to sleep.
The lobby is nice, clean and you don't get the smell of smoke from all the smokers! The casino is pretty small but nice!

The rooms are small even the double deluxe is small! Walls are extremely thin I could hear our neighbors arguing their dog barking the music they are playing its very annoying!!! The shower/tub looks dirty! 

The pool has to be the smallest pool I've ever seen in Vegas there's absolutely no wow factor about the pool or the hotel!!
FOOD AND DRINK: $3 Beers and Sangria during happy hour near the pool (6-7:30pm I believe?), get drinks from Jack he is amazing! I never order food at the Westin because it's usually really expensive, but they have some legit pool food, my favorite was the chicken quesadilla. 

GAMBLING: They also have $3 blackjack and craps / 25 cent roulette specials until 5pm. You can't beat the price for this location, it's literally just across from Bally's and across from Caesar's.

AMENITITES: Rooms are clean, typical Westin style no frills. There is a small basic gym, spa, and small pool area. Everytime I go, I get credit for the breakfast buffet at Sueded which is a decent place for basic food like eggs, bacon, and french toast. The only problem is that I wish there were more food options nearby. The best restaurants are really off the strip and on the main strip hotels.

Best gambling and drink specials near the strip!
When in Las Vegas for work, this is where our corporate account has us stay. It is nice... simple and clean. Large TV's in the room, complimentary bottled water in the room, starbucks coffee, great shower pressure.  I wouldn't stay here for a  vegas vacation, probably, simply because I'd want something a bit more lively. Great for if youre in town for work, however.  Adequate fitness center- dumbbells up to  60lbs... Full circuit cable pulley machine and a lot of cardio---around 15 cardio machines (ellipticals, bikes and treadmills) free fruit in there as well...   Pool area is pretty simple, but very nice- there is a bar out there, (where this nitwit paid 5.75 for a Redbull!) :- /    There are cabanas and a good amount of lounge chairs, pool and hot tub.  Really, no complaints about this place, Other than, I do agree with another reviewer- the walls are thin, as I could hear people to the side of me- not partying, but just speaking loudly.. A great place to stay if you're looking for something nice and clean, yet w/out the party hard vibe.  It's hard to go wrong with a Westin, however.  I believe there is also some type of daily happy hour too.. FREE food, etc... but I haven't tried that... Friendly staff, as well.. that's important.
Ahhh Vegas...

This time around, my group of girls decided on the Westin. It was not on the strip, but close enough to walk to it. Remember, if you are in heels, this does not count and you will end up calling taxis to get to the strip (as we did). 

As for the hotel:

It smelled beautiful when we walked in. They had floral arrangements everywhere which instantly made me like the place. The decor is absolutely beautiful.The rooms were clean and modern, ours had a KILLER view of the strip. Our check in was smooth and everyone was very accommodating. 

The staff was incredibly sweet and met our every need. From the doorman to the housekeeper, everyone was simply amazing! I cannot stress how comfortable we all felt at Westin! 

The hotel had a free happy hour and snack reception for the guest (amazing!). The hotel had happy hour casino hours which was fun. The casino is tiny compared to the rest of the casinos on the strip, but then again who cares, Westin is primarily a hotel. Overall, the experience was great. The hotel was overall peaceful and calm (not the regular insane Vegas ambiance). I personally loved the Westin! Peace and calmness in crazy Vegas! Five stars!

Viva.. (insert cliche ending here.)
Stayed here just this past weekend for two nights. In the two nights of my stay I had the housekeepers walk in my room about 4 different times without even knocking. Might I add this was all late night...
After staying here at the Westin Las Vegas last weekend, I would have to rethink what hotel I book at. I put the do not disturb sign on the door and the maids still knock on the door many times. I do not understand why it's so hard to look down on the door knob to realize there's someone in here. One of the morning's I decide to use the iron and iron board, come to find out that the ironing board is wrinkled. I have never had any of these things happen in other hotels. Next time it's Bellagio!
Last minute booking for work at this hotel. It was $89 a night Mon - Thursday. I wasn't too thrilled to be staying at this hotel but it was cheap. 

Here are some Pros and Cons:

Free Wifi
Free Parking and Valet
Gym was pretty nice and AC was on pretty high which is a plus.
Suede restaurant was actually pretty good.
They had a promotion where you get 500 starwood points if you waive housekeeping each night. Not bad.
24/7 Starbucks downstairs
Complimentary Water

Cons
Noisy
Pretty small pool
Not many slot machines in this casino and it seems like this hotel is bad for gaming.
Showers were very low and some noticeable stains in the rooms.

I would probably stay here again just for the Starwood points but there are definitely better options to stay during the week.
Being a Starwood junkie, this is the only option anywhere near the strip.... Oh how I miss planet Hollywood.

First the good:
-  Although not ON the strip, it is really close
-You can usually get a decent rate.... even weekends you see a 99.00 AAA rate.
- Clean... your typical Westin.
- Easy, close and free parking.... usually covered in their garage.

Cons:
Lacks the "wow" factor of many of the places on the strip.
Being an SPG Platinum, I have stayed here 15 times... and NEVER been upgraded.
Their casino is small.

For now, it is the best (and only) SPG property on the strip...
I really enjoyed my stay here at this hotel and it was only $86 a night. I knew the room wasn't going to be impressive for the price but I came with 2 other couples and they couldn't get us all on the same floor so we got the complimentary upgrade which put us at the top floor. That was great because the rooms at the top were very clean and a bit modern. What matters is the bathroom and it was clean and did not look outdated. There is a good walk to the strip but nothing major cuz as soon as you hit the strip you are at the heart of it all ( Ceaser's Palace, TI, Flamingo). Customer service was helpful and nice. I liked the pool it was very quiet and calm. This place is good for families.
Allow me to qualify my rating: 1500 SPG pts earned, waived $20 internet/hotel fee, a $79 top 17th floor king suite, $25 credit that we used at Starbucks, uncrowded pool that had chairs available, and a bar too...free happy hour at 5:30PM, & a brand new 24 hour gym room sporting Life Fitness equipment...oh yes!!!

great feature:24 hour rather open and inviting layout Starbucks with the comfiest of blue armchairs. I like....

That is why I gave them 4 stars. Water bottles are all free. In fact, this hotel is heavily used by airline crew:pilots, flight attendants, etc. 

Suite was very large. 2 windows had pretty south-facing views, and of the pool on the 2/F. Btw, pool is open 21 hours a day!!!! waaay cool. Buffet breakfast $18. Looked too awesome. Inside Suede restaurant.

From the perspective of Westins and as they go, this would probably qualify as a dud, underwhelming, not luxurious enough for its Westin namesake. The pool is plain and small, and overall, some features could be quite newer and dazzle-worthy.

Good 10-15 minutes walk to the Strip ( go via Bally's as we did). Mist sprayers at the doorway.

But the lobby is very nice, there are $3 craps tables and 25 ct roulette from 6-8 pm, and the happy hour was quite nice. Glass of Chardonnay, light bites, all inside the conference room to the right of Sbux.

PS their King Heavenly bed was not heavenly at all. Sad to report: it was stiff as a board....shocking! I sleep on a Heavenly system often, and found this to be an outlier. 
White Tea and Aloe bath product line offered here. Green leaf-shaped soap. Hm.

PPS Look for Albert! He knows his stuff, is so accommodating, service with a smile, and hooks the Preferred Guests up!
On the way back to our hotel after dinner and saw a sign that said $3 dollar craps(only during certain hours, not the whole day) which is extremely hard to find on or near the strip. The westin isn't exactly on las vegas blvd so it might be a little hard to find but it's across the street from bally's and next to bill's gambling hall which is now being renovated. We decided to stop by and play. The casino is pretty small but I was okay with the size because it wasn't so busy. If you wanted to play bj, craps, or roulette you can just walk in and play w/o waiting which is pretty cool. A lot of people associate the westin as just a hotel and not a casino so maybe that's why it wasn't so busy. 
Anyways, the reason I give it two stars is because I had a problem with the crap's dealer in particular a woman. She was extremely unethical and misleading. She would try to look for newbies and take advantage of them. She would help them play and at the same time tell them to put a couple dollars down thinking it's a bet that you made but what she was really doing was making bets for herself. For example, if the button was on 8 she would say give me 4 dollars to put on hard 8, but what she did was put 2 dollars on hard 8 for you and she would put 2 dollars on hard 8 for her. When the button is off she would say give me 4 dollars to put on yo (11) she would put $2 dollars for you and put $2 for herself. She was doing this throughout the whole night to this couple. I play craps a lot so I know how to bet she tried to do the same to me but I caught her and moved away so she can stop hustling me and stealing my money to make bets for herself.  She is a pretty attractive lady, she had an accent so I think she is from Europe or something. Watch out for her. She is very sneaky. You may think she is being nice and trying to help you make bets but really she is just making bets for herself. I played crap's at almost every major casino on the strip as well as the old strip and never has any dealer been this unethical and stealing money from people. I feel bad for the couple she took advantage of and all of the other customers she took advantage of. Hopefully, the pitt boss finds out what she is doing and has her stop. Out of the 4-5 dealers at the crap's table she was the only one asking money from people to place bets for herself/dealers.
Yes, the hotel is a touch off the strip. The positive to that? Quieter. I enjoy Vegas for hilarious people watching more so then for the gambling, so I actually enjoy that.

 The rooms and hotel was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the staff was friendly. The pool was a bit small, but worked just fine. Yes, some parts of the hotel could use a little freshening, but overall it was a good stay. The little rubber duck was a fun touch. The rate was quite good for the hotel as well.

 If you're looking for lots and lots of gambling, you're probably better off at one of the main hotels. Would definitely stay here again.
Expected better. It was close to The Strip and was a decent hotel, a good alternative to more expensive options nearby. But the staff ignored us and then were unhelpful, and the pool was crowded and small. Could've been a better experience.
Overall I was very disappointed by this hotel. Especially for a Westin. Rooms were tiny and everything seemed like it hadn't been replaced in 10+ years. Staff didn't really seem to care about anything. Room service had one person working at 10:30pm on a Saturday night and told me to go across the street to the gas station if I wanted cranberry juice. (The mini fridge was empty. And the store downstairs was out of all juices except apple.)

Oh, and I agree with some of the other reviews on here. The place is full of pilots and flight attendants that act like they own the place.

I would not stay here again. Even for the Starwood points.
Pros:
-Happy hour=free beer and wine 5-6pm
-Rooms are clean 
-Heavenly bed and shower 

Cons:
-Long check in
-Front desk agents are not very friendly
-Their Starbucks in the hotel doesn't take the $5 gift card you receive when you deny room service 
-5 minute walk from the strip
I had a blast here. Great hotel. Clean. Beds are soooooo comfortable. Employees were nice. I WON money!!!!  It isn't that far from the strip, and if you don't dig the walk, the cab ride is cheap. This is a great deal.
I chose this hotel due to the fact that I had status with Starwood and I literally looked at the map and thought that this hotel was a good deal and that it wasn't "too far" off the strip. I arrived in Vegas with my batchelorette party and noticed the hotel is very much off the strip. It was roughly a 10 minute walk to the strip. Take this into consideration when you think you're going to walk to whatever club/restaurant/bar you want to go to and then realize you have heels on. In short, you probably won't walk from the Westin to the strip unless you're shopping or sightseeing. With that said there are homeless people begging for some change, randos wandering up and down the street tipsy or drunk and the occasional stray dog on the walk to the hotel. It can be sketchy. I dealt with both HOWEVER, I don't like people walking by you dropping cans of soda and then yelling at the top of their lungs startling you (from a really close distance) -- that'll get someone's eyes burning by that special little seasoning we love and use on foods.

The hotel itself was a little slow on check in. Other than that they were very friendly. There is a Starbucks on premises that's open 24/7 -- you may want to check that out. The rooms need some updates. There is nothing wrong with the beds but the rooms need some modern features to brighten it up a bit. Ordered room service and the food turned out perfectly - I was very surprised. The rooms were dark and the bathroom should've been a bit bigger. It seems like this Westin is an older hotel so in order to attract customers they certainly need to provide this hotel with a massive facelift. I have stayed at plenty of Westin's and feel this property falls short when it comes to the modern aspects of it.

When I return to Vegas I will stay closer to the strip - I love Starwoods but feel this property isn't as convenient and not as modern as some of the others that I was at.
I was traveling with a friend that came to visit from Taiwan and I really wanted to show her a good time. I was given a room on the 3rd floor and Mike, the VIP manager moved us to the highest floor! He was VERY nice and very accommodating, he had a smile on his face and made me felt really welcomed!

The room was very clean and Valet was qucik and efficient. Starbucks is 24/7 so that's really nice. I definitely recommand this hotel when visiting Vegas!
i got this deal at travelzoo. supposed to be a dining credit but the front desk said the dining credit is per day. use it or lose it. well of course i used it. come check out time they didn't honor their word. hey five days of racking up the bill is not cheap.
of course they had to "talk" to their employee
other CONS:
several times we left the room late and the room was not cleaned or linens changed and they left the door hanger on there saying we chose to skip it... 
um duh why would i do that. i'm not there to do your job. 
the hotel itself is way far from the strip... you can walk a distance in the back to get to MGM, the pool is small...
when they had a happy hour for free, there were a lot of families with their kids running around (how is this happy hour for adults?)
or nasty guys just piling on the plate (i didn't know that the hotel is serving a free buffet) and leaving nothing for others.... 
seriously lame people
the people who work there need to shape up or ship out... i don't work in this industry and i already know why there aren't custormers at the bar or at the pool to order.  they would be great working at funeral homes with their lack of smile, greeting andpersonality
The only SPG in town, but don't bother. Loyalty can only go so far. This property has eroded the Westin brand to the limit. Taking advantage of the airline crew contracts and the business meeting traffic, they are always booked to the limit and not staffed to handle it.  On my third (and last stay) I, again, didn't get a room until after 4 pm, and of course not what I requested.  I had to go search for a quiet spot to take the calls I had scheduled that afternoon.  If the place is that busy, wouldn't you hire more personnel to take care of this?  They keep stating they have a 4pm checkin time but in reality no other SPG I've stayed at ever delayed me this much. The sheets were so worn it was like sleeping in sand paper. No one cleans the gym during the day so if you get there past 9 am there are no towels, no wipes, nothing.  Aside from the SPG thing, it stands out as totally second rate compared to others on the strip. Not worth the points!
Platinum member. Checked in first time and got upgraded (sounds good) but there was a worker living in our room. Not joking.

Second time. Walked into our room and it was 55 degrees. The air was on. But it was 50 degrees outside. Ugh. Horrible.
They should have called the the best western.  After booking through Expedia we were charged 21.50 per night resort fees.  We could have stayed at Aria or someplace nice!!! when we complained they said the fee pays for water, gym, spa, wifi.  The wifi was so bad and after many complaints we used our 4g hotspot.  We got one resort fee refunded.  Avoid this hotel it's outdated and too many hidden costs!
I would have to say I am a fan.  Here is why:

* Very friendly service.  Everyone was really nice.  From the person who checked us in , to the bartender serving drinks in the casino, to the really nice person, Melissa?, behind the bar on Saturday by the pool.  Service was perfect.

* It was really nice to walk into the hotel and not have to traverse an obstacle course of a casino to get to the elevators to go to my room.

* a $5 Crap table I haven't seen this in years.

* great location across the street from Bally's.

* Extremely fair to low prices on the rooms.

* a decent size room with appropriate amenities.

However, I would consider it only being A-Okay because:

* My room faced the street and I could hear sirens from the Police/Fire/Ambulance or whatever all night Saturday night.  (Maybe request a room not facing the street?)

* It did not have the bling of a big time strip hotel (and none of the hassles).

* Pool area was small (but it was just fine for what we wanted to do and they were so nice to us out there)

So, overall I would say that yes, I am a fan.  And, I would certainly consider staying there the next time Vegas calls.
First time at this hotel and I love it here! Rooms are nice, hotel Is nice, no smoke smell, 24/7 Starbucks in lobby, got a cab right Away and most importantly they are pet friendly:)  walking distance to battistas yummy Italian restaurant.  Also walking distance to the strip.  Across the way from ballys hotel. Ill def stay here for future trips!
If you want the noise and congestion of the strip, long, disorienting walks to pretty much everything, surcharges on routine activities and indifferent staff...then the Westin is not for you. This is the old Maxim de Paris Hotel about a block off the strip (which is about a 1/2 mile)...away from the bright lights...but easily visible from any vantage point.

The hotel is cozy and intimate by Vegas standards, about 500 rooms...the rooms are cookie cutter and comfortable...the views better on the upper floors...with great beds and decent bathrooms.

Fair room rate. Complimentary breakfast, free bottled water in the room and complimentary access to gym and pool for Platinum members. The pool is small but gets great sun...PSA...the water in the pool is about 50 degrees...no joke...I think we saw icebergs forming. If you could take it for more than a minute your muscles would sieze. The hot tub was about 104 degrees...so quite a contrast.

The service is top drawer...the best in Vegas by a mile...its the service that will stay with me and will keep me returning.
I stayed here for the Rock n Roll LV 1/2 of the Half race this past weekend. 

I'm an SPG Platinum, and frequently seek out SPG properties.

The hotel staff were super friendly. Every encounter I had was positive.

It's NOT your standard Vegas hotel. It's more like a business hotel with a casino in the lobby. Some will see this as a plus, some as a drawback. It didn't bother me, and in some ways, it was nice to have a quieter hotel.

Rooms were comfortable, and standard Westin decor. Heavenly bed, double shower heads, etc. No Vegas glitz in the rooms here.

You don't have to walk through a long maze to get to registration or in/out of the hotel--this was nice!

This property is one block off the strip, which is about a 5 minute walk to LV Blvd. It also has easy access to the monorail at the Flamingo Hilton, which made it very easy to get around.

This is definitely an airline crew hotel--you will see them coming and going all the time. It didn't impact my stay.

I didn't use any of the hotel amenities (spa, pool, etc., so can't comment there). 

I got to meet the RunWestin crew as they were in town for the RnR race--it was a plus, but they won't be there every weekend.

Bottom line: I liked this property. Depending on what you're looking for in a Vegas hotel, it may not may not work for you.
We stayed here the weekend of November 16th and at first I was worried because of a lot of BAD reviews.  This place was great.  We did check in with my SPG, and we had a great clean and spacious room.  If you want a room in Vegas to go away to, have a little more quiet experience within walking distance of the Strip, this is a GREAT choice.
I love this hotel! It's less one star because the pool is too small. They need more pool area especially in the heat. I literally spent an afternoon reading & sleeping  in bed. These are the most comfortable beds I have ever been in!!  They also sell them for $3000. I'm putting that on my Christmss list...who am I kidding, that's the price of my teenager's car. My husband would never see the logic in that but I tried!! lol
Not located ON the strip but its just a skip and hop walk down the street kind of located kiddie corner from Bally's Hotel and Casino.  

They have a casino, spa, gift shop, Starbucks, and a restaurant that I've never ate at due to it not looking very exciting. 

Rooms were very nice and comfortable looking out towards Bally's or that new London Eye looking thing. Heavenly bed very comfy, double shower heads in the shower, a scale to see if you gained or lost weight. Nothing to exciting just the standard Westin basics. Outside pool and Sauna small but nicely kept.

Staff is very friendly and helpful. At the casino they sometimes have games where they call a name and you get to pick a cash prize. 

Quite hotel good for sleeping or staying away from the crazy.
Having traveled a lot for work I love the Westin... but for Vegas it wasn't the best choice. 

Pros: if you like the Westin... it's pretty consistent, and the service is great. The bed was comfortable per usual, and having wifi included in the resort fee was great.

Cons: its about a half mile walk to get to the strip, and there is currently construction along that path, so it can get annoying. Since it is not one of the major resorts (Paris/Caesars/etc.) food options are limited and you probably don't want to spend much time gambling at the hotel. 

Given all of that, during the time we stayed, it was also priced comparable to saying on the Strip (at Paris), so not sure why you would deal with the inconvenience if you weren't doing it for the SPG/Westin brand.
A lot of people criticize this hotel because it is not modern or updated like many of the new or newer hotels on the strip, and that judgment is justified. But it does not mean that this hotel is not a good place to stay. It's not as if they don't have running water or heat. It does show its age at times, but overall it is a perfectly fine place to stay. My one concern about pets proved to be unfounded. 

The rooms are spacious and our bed was quite comfortable. The room was clean and the service is perfectly fine. The location cannot be beat in my opinion, just minutes from the strip without all the noise and congestion. They offer free parking and internet, and the speed is pretty fast. There are enough electrical outlets to charge phones and tablets. In general, our four day stay was perfectly fine and I don't have any complaints. We had a room facing the mountains and it was a very quiet room (except for the neighbors and their absolutely obnoxious child--who brings a tiny baby to Vegas for New Year's anyway?) Plus, because it is not the strip, prices are more reasonable. I definitely would consider staying here again.
Enjoyed a fantastic Swedish massage at the Spa! Highly recommend this beautiful, peaceful, modern spa. Top-class staff made the experience a trip highlight!
Might be a good place, but if you need customer support, good luck!

I had a reservation for the 7-10 of Jan booked via priceline. Arrived there only to be told at the front desk that there wasn't any reservation under my name. Unfortunately I didn't have the confirmation email from priceline at that time (months old reservation) and I figured that maybe I messed up the reservation because there was a lot going on at that time. So, I ended up (from the lobby) calling up other hotels, and finding a room in Caesars palace down the street for a reasonable price (lucky!). After the trip was done, I find that I was charged for a no-show at the Westin (surprise - they found the reservation in order to charge me...).

But all that is understandable (once I figured out what had happened- read on - it was a technical issue in their system). Customer service is where it gets bad. I called to get that charge taken off and first there wasn't anyone available in the right department even though I called during customer support hours. Then I essentially got called a liar because apparently the story "doesn't make sense" because "their process wouldn't allow that to happen". Then, after promising to have a supervisor call me back, radio silence. Then on my 4th call (people not available, sent to different departments etc - but who is counting at this point), by accident I figured out that the reason why things got messed! Their system said I was supposed to get there on the 6th! 
Mystery solved right? Apparently not. 

I was asked to call priceline (even though the charge was from westin) and then after a call between priceline and westin, westin still refused to do anything essentially quoting their processes. Apparently the possibility that the process was not followed just did not strike them. I am still waiting for priceline to sort things out, and if they do not, then I will get amex to contest this charge.

Lessons learned -
1. Do not be nice at the front desk and raise a ruckus when you find your reservation screwed up. Otherwise they will call you a liar.
2. They aren't really trying to figure out what happened, so listen carefully to every comment they make. I luckily happened to notice (on a random comment) that the dates in their system were different from my reservation date - otherwise that would never have been brought to light!
3. Customer service at the westin involves making you call multiple times because of different departments not being available, or managers not being available until 10am, and managers not calling you back hours after they were supposed to.
4. Customer service is happy to insinuate that you are lying, and the possibility that one of their team screwed up in not following their "process" never occurred to them. (btw, the lady who said that, didn't bother to figure out that the dates they had were wrong)
5. Only bright spot here is that priceline / bookings.com customer service is awesome and kept going at it. Kudos to them.


Never again Westin. You had been my go-to chain so far in my travels. Never again. And I will happily share this story with my social networks so that others might be spared your customer service.
Nothing spectacular about this place but for business travelers that aren't religiously opposed to being in or near a casino, it's very comfortable. Hard to classify because it's not a destination hotel nor is it a place for locals. $3 craps during happy hour is enticing but $5 rest of the time isn't bad either. The room I was in had a slanted floor and was on the small side. I felt like I was in downtown Chicago with the room that I was given. 

3 reasons I'd stay again:
1. It's a Starwood property.
2. It's on my Company's preferred list of Vegas hotels.
3. Wifi works well. I had an issue connecting. Staff connected me with their outsourced IT team. Those folks released the expired connections and voila! I was on.

3 reasons I'd pass on going back :
1. If I could get a similar or better rate at a Destination hotel.
2. I needed to be on the Strip...walking Flamingo at night is not recommended.
3. Just had to get away from gaming!

Full disclosure: SPG Gold member, corporate rate used, only stayed one night, did not get to use Westin Fit...I plan to next time.
This hotel was great! I was a little worried looking at the other reviews on here but we had a great stay! We only travel to 4* hotels and above and this met our quality standards.

Very close to the strip near Ballys, Bellagio etc. Yes there were a couple of homeless but was never a problem and no more than on the strip. This area will only improve with the amount of construction happing nearby with the big wheel.

Rooms were clean, modern and quiet. No joining rooms which was a positive for us. Flat screen TV. Heavenly beds are wonderful! Shower was great! Complimentary Starbucks in the room is a nice touch. Saves a few $$.

We used the pool which was small but all we needed to refresh ourselves after a big night.

Only negatives are the casino was small. Apart from that I would recommend this hotel! We bidded on Priceline and won this hotel for $50 a night fri and sat! Just remember there is a $22 resort fee after tax. But still not sure any other 4* hotel near the strip could offer this price at the weekend
My first experience at this hotel was Blake at the front desk. He totally understands customer service and excels at making clients feel welcomed.  Bravo! Small hotel is a plus unless you don't mind walking through huge casinos to get to your room.  Stayed here for three nights and EVERY staff member pulled their weigh to make you feel welcome AND valued.  It's a LONG block and a half from the strip but I wouldn't hesitate to return.  There is a 24 hour Starbucks and restaurant Suede on site.
I honestly never write reviews on yelp.  But this is SOOOOOOOOOOO BAD I had to make an exception.

The stay was Terrible!  TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!
I knew I booked through Expedia and the rate was cheap so I didn't have much of an expectation.  But I was placed in a room in which the window looks out to the wall of the next building.
Didn't think too much of it.
I was sooooooooooo wrong.
I didn't know what was next to the wall.  I came to find out after midnight.  It was either some construction site, or delivery place.
From 12AM to 5AM, I kept hearing trucks backing into that building (beep beep beep), and then loud sound made by metals banging on ground or something.  Like either metal construction material being dropped, or containers being delivered.  I wasn't able to sleep both nights I was there.
It was pure hell.
I made a complaint the second night (first night... i thought it was a fluke... and honestly, second night was WAAAAAAY worse).  All they offered was to reverse one of the amenities charges.  They actually blamed me for not telling them the first night.
I was like, are you *$&%^& kidding me?  I don't believe anyone would have to pay to stay there and you have the audacity to tell me that it's my fault for giving you the benefit of a doubt after the first night?
I was so tired the next day.
Plus the plumbing failed mid-stay.  
Yeah.  WORST HOTEL STAY EVER.
Huge disadvantage about this place...not on the Strip.  The casino is small and usually empty.  So is there anything particular about their rooms to make up for the location problem?  No.  The room is nothing special with a very small fridge, no microwave and paper thin walls.  The only plus is the shower head.
Yes, the Westin still has $3 craps during happy hour, and $5 craps during all the rest of the time. But nevertheless for experienced craps players this is a terrible place to play. The reason: the dealers are not very experienced and there is no pit boss sitting at the table, so that the 3 dealers are continuously carrying on a conversation with one another. The dealers are inattentive and screw up frequently. If you like playing multiple points and are depending upon the dealers moving your come bets to your points and moving your odds to your various bets, it is hopeless. When the dealers make mistakes (which is frequently), they will slide your bet back to you (that should have been on the point that just hit) and say "sorry, I didn't year you". The frequent mistakes they make are never resolved in the player's favor, but always in the house's favor.

Until they get a permanent pit boss watching over the poorly trained dealers, this is a terrible place to play craps.
Their bartender just refused my girlfriend a ginger ale because she didn't have ID. Terrible customer service.
Close to the strip... beds are comfy,, staff if very nice.   It's a bed,,, go see the sights. It's just a place to put your head down...   you didn't come to Vegas to stay in the hotel the whole duration of your trip.

Smells nice,, clean and the work out room is awesome. No B.S. Hotel!! Love it
I am going to bump this up because of the fact that Westin got back to me after my reviews and addressed the problem by refunding me. 
As I said before, Westin/Starwood has been my go-to hotel for my travels, and now I think I can give it another shot.
This is the 2nd year in a row we stayed her for an event in the area last year we stayed here cause the place we normally stay at was booked that's the best thing that happened to us! We got here Thursday at 2pm check in is at 4 so the room wasn't ready and no biggie we were early not even 10 minutes passed they called my hubs saying our room was ready! Exceptional customer service! I got massage today at the hibiscus spa and it was also excellent actually better experience than the Cesar's Palace spa!  I would always come back to this Westin in Las Vegas it's close enough to the strip to walk and the monorail is pretty close to use too. Away from all the craziness of the strip. Also their self parking isn't a mile away which is awesome since we don't valet.
The hotel is okay. Nearby enough to everything. Clean. Small casino but not overwhelming. Why 4 stars? The freakin' unbelievable Bloody Mary at the pool bar. Bartender claimed his were best anywhere. He was not exaggerating! Made with vodka infused with jalapeños, sweet peppers, garlic and a bunch of other stuff. Great spice perfect flavor. If that's not enough it's served with the requisite celery and olives, PLUS homemade sweet pickles and a slice of bacon! Come for the hotel, stay for the bloodys!
Close to the strip without it being on your doorstep. Nice pool and spa with a great view of Ceasar's at sunset. They also had a free drinks happy hour over sunset that added to that experience. All in all quite a nice place to stay.
I booked online thru a third party so my rate was really reasonable....the concierge was nice (Miles).  He had good suggestions and was pleasant.  Karina checked us in.  She was pleasant and she helped as much as she could.  The manager Eeaster was nice too.  She got us checked in early which I appreciated because I was tired.  The lady at the counter to check into the players club...not so nice & she kept spelling my Mom's name wrong on the card....

My room....nicely kept.  It was clean...I am not a fan of the AC unit though...I like the old school ones.  The new ones are hard to moderate.  I slept comfy in my room.  I ate the cheesecake from downstairs...it was okay, but the manager Jeff at the restaurant was pleasant...

Things I didn't like:
The "resort fee"...the hotel isn't even located on the strip....but they do offer alot for the few extra bucks a day....water, internet, pool, spa....all the things that are already at the hotel and you have to pay extra to use them....I thought that was lightweight foul but okay....

The girl at check out decided to just charge my card w/o even checking with me...that pissed me off because I wanted to pay cash...

The machines paid okay....my total experience was okay....

The plus side is the hotel is close to the strip...easy walking distance but they could use a shuttle service...that would be nice...but they would no doubt charge for that too....
Amazing nice staff!!  5:30-6:30  free happy hour with good eats and beverages. The beds are super comfy and just a walk to the strip. Plus..Really yummy Bloody's at the poolside bar.
We didn't stay at the Westin, but it was an extremely odd stop on our off the strip tour in search of a little bit of dirty Vegas. 

This place just cracked me up from the beginning. The ceiling was leaking and they had almost the entire front entrance blocked off with yellow hazard tape. The gaming area, I think they call them casinos at most places was itty-bitty and the dealers looked beyond bored with little to no action. Moving on to the bar, I suppose.

How can you go wrong at a bar... any bar? You really can't, but I guess I expected a bit more quality from a place like the Westin - then again, their roof was leaking. The bartender approached us and was munching on something while asking what we wanted to drink. Keep in mind that no words were uttered during his attempt to "ask" us what we wanted, only chewing and head nods. We ordered a few shots of Jack Daniels and he took off prepare our order, and probably eat a little more. Hell, if he's eating so am I! They have bar snacks on the bar for when you play, so our lack of better judgement decided to let us indulge. I have absolutely no idea what we were eating, but they were dry, crunchy, salty and nasty - just what I needed! As my money dwindled away on the video poker machine, the snacky bartender returned (still chewing) and delivered our shots. There was a brief moment when I thought the shots may be comped due to my play on the machine until my buddy Noel spilled the entire glass of bar snacks all over the poker machine... ugh. My friends are indeed morons. Snacky then muttered "That will be forty-something dollars" as he looked at the mess in disgust. Can't say I blame him.

Leaky roofs, snacky bartenders, uninterested dealers and saltly snacks = 4 stars.
standard business hotel...
First impressions last forever. 

Disclosure: I'm staying here because the hotel I usually stay at was not available and it was close to my conference venue. 

The hotel definitely needs updating. The room is spacious though it's decor could use a huge facelift. My room seems dingy although not obviously unclean. If you're going to do white linens, they should ALWAYS be WHITE. Not off white. When the stains won't come out, it's time to replace them. And their HVAC could probably use some repair. My room feels like someone just took a shower every time I walk through the door. 

Mostly, it's pretty standard as far as hotels rooms go. There's no "wow" whatsoever. Even the lobby is underwhelming for an off-the-strip hotel. It's Vegas. Everything should pop!

They do have a 24 hr Starbucks and a spa which is nice. Hopefully, I'll get to check them out later. 

The worst part is probably the loiterers out in front of the hotel parking lot. I'm familiar with East of the strip on Flamingo so I'm not taken aback or anything. (Although, the city worker peeing by the bus stop was new.) It's just bad for business to have people basically living on the sidewalk near your parking lot 24/7. As a guest and a woman, I don't feel safe. Regardless, of whether anyone would actually do me harm. The impression is that something seedy could happen to me outside the WESTIN, like possibly being flashed by a perv. That's not acceptable. 

The staff seems nice enough. I did place a call to the concierge last night and was places on hold for several minutes, after which I hung up. But that's about the most in terms of interaction I've had with them. 

Overall, with good earnest facelift, this could be something. Right now, I wouldn't stay here again when I'm in town, nor would I recommend it to anyone. 

I give it two stars. It's close to the strip and the rooms aren't horrible. I'll update this review again when my trip is over to keep it honest. Maybe I'll have more good reports.
The mini refrigerator  "Mini bar" in the rooms does not keep anything cold. I call the front desk and they say "it will only keep stuff cold if it is already cold". What kind of bull is that!
Terrible experience. They're being ridiculous. Rude staff. Pool area is a really sad place. Drinks ridiculously overpriced. Never staying here again.
We stayed here this weekend (5/30-6/1). I got the room off of hotwire so I didn't know what I was getting at first. When I first looked up the hotel on the map, I was a little bummed since I wanted to stay at a place directly on the strip. It was a little off the stip but the location was not as bad as it looked. We probably would have walked just as far staying at a hotel directly on the strip if we had to walk through the casinos. 

The hotel was nice, nothing fancy. They did have a happy hour which was nice, but unfortunately they were serving tacos and only had 1 meat option...pork. I don't eat pork so it was a bummer to not get any free food. 

Also, we were never notified during check in, that they offer a discount if we opt out of maid service by putting the sign on the door. We found this sign in the morning at around 9am, but for some reason it needed to be hung by 2am in order to qualify. That was a bummer since we still didn't use the housekeeping. 

Hotel staff was nice, Conciege was useless. We asked her if she had any information about day clubs and really couldn't help at all. She just rambled a couple of hotel names. but had no info and didn't really want to seek out any info either. I understand that this hotel doesn't offer clubs, but you think a concierge would have info for other establishments nearby. All in all this place was fine. beds were comfy, liked the hot tub and the fact that there was not a huge casino to walk through. This place was Ok. Not SUPER but not bad. I might stay here again.
The only reason I gave this hotel one star is because 0 stars are not available. I booked this hotel thru hotels.com & it's been the biggest nightmare in my life! I called for 2 weeks to change my reservation with no avail, I finally cancelled & stayed somewhere else because they never changed the dates...after 3 phone calls and 2 emails! So I ended up paying over $100 because these people can't figure out how to change a reservation! Don't use hotels.com it's a rip off!
It's close to the strip and is a nice hotel. I only stayed there one night. Bastards stole few items from me. I'm almost certain it was taken out of my bag because that's where I had Them whole trip. 

So I forgot a zip lock bag full of hygiene stuff. I called lost and found and was informed that it was recovered. I had a buddy of mine pick it up for me. Everything was there except my cologne & deodrant. Not cool!
This hotel and spa is awesome! The staff is extremely welcoming, friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and included some extra touches that make a guest feel very well treated. The Westin provides an in room coffee maker that includes Starbucks coffee pods and Tazo tea. Very nice when you first wake up. The Westin Heavenly Bed is exactly that: Heavenly! We slept great during our entire stay. We had the breakfast buffet at Suede every morning and the food was delicious.

The hotel is close enough to The Strip to easily join the action that is Las Vegas and far enough away to be a refuge from it for those seeking a quiet, relaxing stay. It's the perfect "stay-cation" hotel for Las Vegas locals. We will definitely stay here again in the future.
The room was nice. There was some ambient noise from the street. Parking was close and easy to find. They gave us a voucher for a free breakfast buffet, which was okay.
Like some of the  reviews said about the homeless people sleeping by the garage I'm not totally thrown off by it simply because I've seen the same issue at the hotels on the strip! With that said I really enjoyed this hotel! It's the best kept secret for locals! My husband booked this room simply for me to be a tourist for a day and get in some relaxation time!! Babe you get 5 gold stars for this....okay back to the review. As soon as we checked in we were greeted by a young man named Shawn and he was extremely nice and helpful! He informed us that there was free happy hour by the pool for all guests and I was like no way?!?!? He proceeded to blow my mind with telling me that as guests we also had access to the steam room and sauna located in the spa! You don't have tell me twice! After my workout I treated myself to the amenities! We also enjoyed a nice dinner at Suede the restaurant, well my husband and daughter did....because I was on a cleanse I had the very tasty asparagus! I can't wait to come back where I can actually partake in drinks, food, and more relaxation! 

This hotel actually considers locals as part of Las Vegas! That is a big deal to me...most hotels on the strip only caters to tourists and it's a bit annoying! Thanks Westin for remembering us!
Finally, a hotel in Arizona that isn't decorated with cow skulls and Navajo rugs.  In leiu of the typical Southwestern decor, the James hotel is very contemporary and sleek.  Brought to you by B.R. Guest, the same people who own Blue Water Grill in NYC.  The swanky lobby bar is quite the Scottsdale see and be scene place.
Ah, back in the day this used to be THE place to go.  Went back this summer at it was so over.  The bar scene was lame.  The rooms were loud.  The pool was overrun with the worst element of Scottsdale.  I hear they are totally renovating the place... or already have?  I won't be stopping by to find out.
It is now called the Mondrian and it is fabulous! Plazma TV, platform bed that I never wanted to get out of in the morning. The staff isn't as attentive with time management as I would like but overall it is a wonderful place for hipsters or those that love minimalist furnishings. I will return here. Buyer beware though the rooms have exterior hallways.
Scottsdale has come a long way in recent years. Once wrapped up in the drunken, college-town revelry at places such as Patty's First Avenue Lounge, it's denizens have taken -- at least at first blush -- a more sophisticated approach to a night on the town. Perhaps that is why the J Bar, or "The Bar at the Mondrian" as they call it for the time being, has been such a hit. But is it going to last?

Past trips to the J Bar have been enjoyable. The crowd was hip enough, ego seemed to be in check, service was acceptable and they served up a decent variety of beer, wine and liquor.  I've always believed that the reserved booth seating was a little pretentious and made the place seem like it was trying too hard to be some kind of hot Los Angeles nightclub. But that's me, I suppose.  Perhaps that's why Mondrian decided to bring in some changes when they bought the place in early 2006.

While structural alterations are in the offing (an expanded outdoor seating section, among other improvements), the first thing that seemed to go was the beer menu. It's no secret that I enjoy Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. It also is no mystery that I have a hard time coping at places where beer drinkers are akin to hillbillies and the beer menu includes little more than a half dozen selections that end in "light." Unlike at the J Bar, Sierra Nevada is not available, nor are any other consumable beers --- a serious disappointment.

Beyond the lack of beer, the place seems to be about the same. Our server on a recent night was pleasant enough and tolerated my absentmindedness. The prices seemed reasonable and the music was upbeat without being too heavy. Thus far, "The Bar at the Mondrian" appears to be traveling the same, hip path has the J Bar --- minus the beer.
Pool parties can be fun and i love the fact that they have speakers in the pool and you can actually hear the music in the water... beyond that the rooms are over priced uless you get the summer rate...

J-bar or what ever it is called now is not too bad to start out...
Looks like this is now called the Mondrian Scottsdale, but it was James Hotel when I was there back in 2004 or so.

Since my company had to pay, it was really wonderful to enjoy!

Walking into the James Hotel is like stepping into a catalog of everything you wish you could buy to decorate your own home. It's all so fresh and modern and trendy looking. The platform bed was pure luxury and so were the sheets. The large plasma TV in every room with internet (just in case you don't have your laptop for the wireless) was very cool. Drinks in plastic cups out in the hot tub rated high on my list of things I enjoyed, too. I took so many pictures just on the grounds of the hotel - such pretty landscaping and such vibrant colors. I had a nice walk for several hours all around the immediate vicinity in Old Town Scottsdale and managed to find a nice lunch and a latte, too.

I suppose to some the cost would be no matter at all, but since this is my review, and since I wouldn't probably shell out that much of my own cash on a hotel unless it was for some very special reason, I had to take away one star. A quick look at current rates shows "discounted" rate of $175 if you book 14 days in advance and more like $400 (or even way more, depending on room) if you don't. Sorry, but any place that charges for two nights close to what some pay as a monthly mortgage payment on an entire house is just a little beyond my speed. Now, that said, if someone else ever wanted to send me there, I'd glad go to enjoy again and again!
Let's get one thing clear...it takes more than a cool factor to be a kickass hotel. Sure, this place looks super-posh with their all-white sleek minimalist too-sexy theme, but save all that for a club that I can leave at the end of the night. 

When we checked in we were offered an upgrade to a pool view room. So we took it thinking that a more expensive room meant a better room. No one mentioned it was a corner room next to a rickety, rusted wire pool gate that would slam and re-slam every time someone walked out of it, which usually occurred around 3am when all the drunks are wandering around the pool after the bar closes. Three restless nights in a row had me pretty bitter by the end of the stay.

And I have more issues. I'm all for a cool hotel, but someone needs to tell the staff that they're not too cool to serve you - that's their job. Every afternoon at the pool, it took forever to get a drink from the too-hot servers walking around in their gigantic sunglasses and little white terrycloth sweatsuits. And I don't mind getting up and ordering my own drink from the bar; just don't populate the pool with people that don't do anything.

We arrived at midnight on our first night and were starving. After placing our room service order, they called us back to tell us they'd be cleaning their kitchen for 2 hours so we were out of luck. No one could even tell us where we could get some food nearby. 

Their TV/movie software works about 40% of the time. Oh, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to get charged for their lame Mondrian CD that comes next to the stereo, even though I didn't take it. In fact, I didn't even open the case since the CD was already in the stereo, but apparently if you break the seal on the case, you pay $22 for some crap music. But I'm not too sure about any of that, since I've called twice now to get a copy of my charges and I haven't seen a thing.

No wonder the Schraeger organization went broke.
I predict that the Mondrian is on its way to becoming something fabulous. It's not quite there yet, but I can feel it in my stylish bones.

OK here's the deal. I'm in Scottsdale on business during all that unpleasant football madness. What did the call it, the Fiesta Bowl, or some such. You've got fatheads in polo shirts from all over the Midwest, read Ohio, dropping down like a flock of pelicans, and all of these tractor-pull millionaires have eaten up every resort hotel in town. So instead of staying where I want to stay, I have to hunt around for an alternative. This brings me to the Mondrian.

It figures that there are rooms available, because it would force Bob to speak French, which of course they are loathe to do as they follow their Ohio State Buckeyes (to defeat). Fine with me. I grab a week's worth of room.

I get there and the Hollywood in me is immediately satisfied. So let me tell you about the rooms. They're all black and white. The top half of the room is white and the bottom half, just below waist level is black. Every room has a 42 inch flat panel TV with pay per view. They're not HD however and you cannot play DVDs on them, but it makes a huge difference anyway. Beats the hell out of the Marriott. 

The bathrooms are stylish and there is a big fat mirror for conceited people like me. On the left bathroom wall, there is a galaxy of hooks for all of your clothing. The bathroom has a sliding door. 

It's all very modern and very chic and conducive to making you think about bedding starlets, but in the end it's not extraordinarily comfortable. Really not for the business traveler, more for the guy who wants to look like Tom Cruise and all such babeage attracted to such guys. If you're driving a rental car, you will feel out of place, unless of course you are as excruciatingly cool as some people I know. 

Still, you cannot deny the aura. The pool, the staff, the restaurant, the valet parking, the dramatic lighting. It's all very Euro. You half expect to run into Pierce Brosnan or Elizabeth Shue up in here. Of course you won't but all their wannabes will be hanging out here as soon as they finish construction. I'll drop by just to check that out.
Swanky! Snazzy! Stylish! 

Oh my. 

I stayed at the Mondrian once - last June (2006). The room was impeccable. The decor, the modern furniture, the color palette were all pleasing to me. Plus, I made sure they had a CD player in the room (bonus!). Check-in was a breeze, as was finding the room. 

We ate dinner at the hotel, which, evidently, has been remodeled. I took a look-see the other weekend and did not like what I saw. All white. White. White. White. Everywhere, except the new bar (also renovated, which I also don't like) which boasts of devilish red. Quite ironic, it's decorated with cherubs... and plastic-looking stuff. Not my bag. 

The old Mondrian, the one I hold so fondly in my memories, deserves a 5-star rating. This new hotel only gets 4, and that's generous because I'm still writing this based on a year-ago memory and not on a recent experience. 

On a side note: Apparently the pool is the hottest place to be on a weekend. But don't plan to swim. This is where, if you're beautiful enough, you'll get to be beautiful with other beautiful people. Just don't expect any Manson to be playing. Instead, expect some typical rap-ish tunes to be blasting from the speakers. Again, not my bag. 

But, dammit, if the rooms are still as stylish as I remember, I love this place.
I had a great time at this hotel.  We had a standard King room and it was more spacious than I thought it would be.  The bed was comfy - not too soft.  I like my beds firm.  The room was decorated all in black and white.   The furnishings weren't luxurious by any means, but functioned well enough.  It's valet parking only, but it's complimentary and they are pretty quick about retrieving your car.  You stay here for the hot pool and trendy bar scene.  There is some serious eye candy at the pool - both super hot guys and girls.  It seemed like most were locals hanging out and having a good time.  You have to get there early in the morning to get a lounge chair - especially the ones under an umbrella.  We stayed at the pool all day and ordered drinks and food from the waitresses.  They are white bikini-clad and super-cute.  The cobb salad is really good, but the pizzas were disappointing.  I felt like they had no flavor and were lacking in toppings.  I definitely recommend the cobb salad though.  The hotel is set up where the lobby, restaurant, and bars are in one building and the rooms are located across the driveway.  It's not an inconvenience at all though.  We checked out Red Bar and it was a lot of fun!  They have all these really yummy specialty cocktails.  There is also Skybar, but the view is pretty much a parking lot.  But it's a great place to grab drinks.  Overall, this is a really fun hotel to stay at if you want to party and is centrally located to all the restaurants and nightlife.
What do singer Nick Lachey, Cardinals quarterback Matt Leinart and Phoenix Suns point guard Steve Nash have in common? They were hanging poolside together a few months ago for Leinart's birthday celebration at the see-and-be-seen Mondrian pool. 

My friends and I couldn't believe our eyes when we spotted the trio along with the majority of the Suns and Cards in the pool during a  girls' weekend at the posh downtown Scottsdale hotel. Nick Lachey was touching distance and Matt Leinart nearly ran me over with his drunken breast stroke.

The pool is where the party is on the weekends. It's filled with the beautiful crowd, many who live in the Valley.  I recommend getting a group of friend's together and splitting the $100 local rate between four people so you can enjoy the fun pool scene -- you can't use the pool unless you're staying there or you're with a guest who's staying there. Plus you never know, Matt Leinart may very well run you over next!
I guess I need to preface this review that I left my "see and be seen" years behind me about 5 years ago.  I landed here during the hot off season for a company meeting, and found it a bit odd of a place to hold a technical meeting.  I don't doubt this is a great party hotel (I mean, how can you turn down a full half liter of grey goose and "intimacy kit" in the mini bar), but for a business user, its not so great.

The room was fine, a standard queen, with I'm guessing a 42" plasma TV and a lot of white sheets and lampshades.  I spent at least 10 minutes looking for somewhere to plug in my laptop and most of the electrical outlets are of the two pronged variety.  There is no desk or workspace and the wifi was spotty.  Otherwise, great linens and toiletries.

The lobby, bar and restaurant is just plain odd, with a heaven and hell theme and white sheep statues (I am not kidding).  My coworker and I both ordered off the appetizer menu, we had a salad, lettuce wraps, sparkling water, a glass of wine and a beer, and the total bill with a 20% tip came out to just under a hundred dollars.  I'm not cheap, but I think that's pretty steep, even if the food and service were very good (not spectacular, but very good).  Not to mention $8 for a bottle of sierra nevada pale ale.

Anyway, it was an interesting place, but not one that I'd visit if I was footing the bill.  I'm not sure if it was the heat, but I also did not witness the heavy partying and hot bods that might have made this place make more sense.
The butt lamps, sheep, et cetera are not tongue in cheek. It's definitely tongue out of cheek and all over someone's genitals. It's also incredibly tacky.

The valets are young punks who apparently forgot their job, but it's very Miami for them to assume the lady should open her own door. Hello? I'm paying you and tipping you for the convenience of not having to do this myself. Doubtful that "bereft of manners" was part of your qualifications in getting a position there, but whatever.

Basically, this isn't your mother's hotel, unless your mother's a filthy whore who doesn't expect much.
It's like a motel 6, but with very trendy decor
And of course the Sheep.

The hotel rooms are terribly old, the grounds are terrible old, all if very reminiscent of a Motel 6.

The clubs are crowded but fun.

Odds are you will see a celebrity or two, I sure did.

Don't think I'll be back anytime soon though...
This is honestly one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in -- worse than that ant-infested Holiday Inn in Wyoming. Worse, even, than the dirtiest youth hostel I visited in Mexico. Why? Because it's overpriced and disgustingly pretentious.
The worst part about this joint was the lobby, which reminds me of what might happen if  Salvador Dali met Christina Aguilera in 'Moulin Rouge.' And then they had a love child. 

I get the idea of a hip boutique hotel. But this is just some crappy 1960s motel that they painted black and white and furnished with shitty IKEA-esque furniture. Really.  It reminded me of  some "design on a dime" example on HGTV. "For just $40 and a bit of black paint, we transformed this aging motel into a hip destination!!!" Except that they didn't.
The rooms are tiny, the bed was horribly uncomfortable and even the bathroom was...well...odd. They didn't even have a coffee maker! And the huge flat screen TV was too big for the room, so we couldn't even watch it properly.

I'm also convinced the front desk worker was faking some vague European accent, too, but I can't prove it.
I just can't imagine why anyone would like this place.  The odd decor in the lobby area is...yea...odd.  The minimalist decor in the room--complete with a VERY cheap looking clear plastic chair for the desk--feels really cheap.  Especially considering that the room rate was $300+ per night.  The tagline for the hotel is "urban chic" and I get that the decor is *trying* to get there but if falls WAY short.  I'd also heard that the food here was great...yea...not so much.  I travel a lot and I have to say that this was one of the worst room service meals I've ever had.   AND it was $40!! (for an omelete, fruit and a glass of milk)

The staff wearing all white was cheesy...the traffic noise sucked...the internet access required two calls to tech support (and I'm no n00b)...the bed didn't have a fitted sheet but a poorly tucked flat sheet...the fact that there is no signage on the exterior of the property is just plain quizzical.  The only upside was the 42" LG plasma TV--for that I'll give it 1-star.  That and the fact that 1-star is the lowest possible rating that I can give it.
Hm. I spent one night here. The main lobby is spectacular. The Skybar inside is small, chic, moderately pretentious, which isn't a bad thing.  The random beds with white canopies strategically placed outdoors beg to be lounged on.

The rooms? Ehhh. At first glance they definitely look nice. But look a little closer, and it becomes quite apparent that its nothing more than a comfort inn (or worse) dressed up in contemporary fixtures. The cool looking sliding door to the bathroom? I thought I was going to break it (or it was going to break me). The grody looking balcony extended all of 3 feet out of the room. Worst of all, it smelled...lived in. 

Who put in the fancy sink, covered the bare walls in long drapings, knew what they were doing, and did their best to cover up the unsiightly aspects. But unfortunately, putting a spoiler and neon lights on a Kia doesn't make it a good car (Henry: 1, Kia: 0).

The Mondrian is a nice place to hang out, I'd definitely swing by the bar a couple times, but there are probably better places to stay.
I am not impressed with the Mondrian at all. I have stayed here 4 or 5 times and each time left with a irritated feeling and an empty pocketbook. 

The rooms are upwards of $300 bucks a night.. For that you would expect them to be decent... When you first glance in at the black and white interior you find it modern and sleek, pretty swanky. Upon further investigation you realize it is all a scam. They must have went to "Design on a Dime" for ideas, then left because they couldn't afford it. The "remodeling" from the James consists of sheets tacked to the walls and dangly things hot glued to the undersides of the counters, the bathrooms are a joke and I have almost broken the sliding doors (twice.... sober). Also the TV's are too big for the rooms so they must be watched at an odd angle.

The Skybar over looks the parking lot, how tacky (and hot) is that.

The pool is a pretentious joke. You should be a beauty queen or at least have an expensive rack.. The cabanas can be rented for $500 a day, for that you get a TV, misters and a couch. I have actually been here on a few occasions because friends have DJ'd and my friend is the bar manager (it always helps to choke down free drinks).. But if I was paying.... Last time my friend ordered a pitcher of Sangria. We knew it would be expensive but $75! They use little penguin wine that you can pick up for 5 bucks... I wasn't even able to get drunk enough to enjoy the underwater speakers.. Ostentatious jerks!
Ya know, this isn't so bad.  I just finished up a stay there last week for a night.  Note that my night was free because I was staying there for work, but here are my thoughts...

1) Service = B.  The front desk girl was nice, but seemed to lack a general enthusiasm about her work.  Instead of feeling like my needs were of her interest, she sorta just made a vague attempt and sent me on my way.  The poolside drink guy was super nice, but then again, if you were selling drinks at $12+ each, you'd probably want people to drink them too.  It's bank for the place.

2) Atmosphere = A.  I'm young and I like sleek/shiny.  This wins.  It does look a bit cheap in some atmospheres, but I don't want to think they have cashmere hanging on the walls or something - who wants to pay for a hotel like that?  It's not the Ritz.  FYI - my plasma TV was huge.

3) Overall Experience = C.  How does A + B = C you ask?  Well, it's all put together a little poorly.  First, everything's a la carte.  Internet = $10/day.  The most expensive mini-bar I've ever seen.  The staff was basically pretentious (umm...hello?  you WORK AT a hotel - you're not Paris Hilton).

Go here if you want a swanky, minimalist contemporary hotel experience with a luxurious, decadent, and hearty rack rate.
This review is of the bar only. 

I visited a few nightspots in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and this place was actually tops on the list. The bar area had a modern Jonathan Adler feel and the crowd was a nice mix of straight/gay, casual/dressy, & mostly young and some older. The music was all over the board (r&b, pop, hip/hop) and even heard a couple of good dance mash ups too. Also, there was no cover charge and half of the place is the balcony. The only down side is that the drinks are expensive. I ordered 3 cocktails for $36. $12 for a cocktail. Is this Los Angeles????
Oops...I should have searched the Yelp site before visiting the Mondrian so as not to waste my efforts.  I went with friends after attending the Luminaria exhibit at the Desert Botanical Gardens.  It was a cool night, so my friends and I were hoping for a nice after dinner/hot toddy type of drink when we stopped at the Mondrian.  Nope.  For the hype that this place has received, I was VERY surprised to find no such thing on the menu...heck...not even top shelf liquor.  The bartender sent us to the restaurant, hoping we would find what we were searching for but no such luck.  We each "settled" for a drink from the menu and then left, feeling that the Mondrian is terribly overrated.
This is simply a Holiday Inn in disguise- don't expect anything more (except the flat screen haha) and you will not be disappointed.
Before you read this review, I strongly recommend that you visit the hotel website at http://www.mondrianscottsdale.com.  Looks pretty cool, doesn't it?  Now, forget everything you just saw and keep reading. 

When I booked this hotel on Priceline for my annual spring training trip, I was extremely excited.  It looked as though for $86 a night + tax, I was going to stay at a 4-star hotel similar to one of the W Hotels.  In reality, what I got was a remodeled Holiday Inn Express, more pretentious than a house of a young rapper whose album just went double platinum and more tasteless than, well, a house of a young rapper whose album just went double platinum.  As my friend eloquently put it, "pig with lipstick."

We arrived at the hotel around 8 pm, and 2 valets dressed in white linen shirts and pants approached us.  White is the theme here.  EVERYTHING is white.  We walked up the stairs into the lobby, which looked like . . . well, the place where alabaster goes to die.  Ambient lighting revealed alabaster chairs, alabaster clouds hanging from the ceiling, alabaster sheep covered with fake wool and alabaster lamps, adorned with women's derrieres holding up the base.  WOW.

We walked through the white sheer curtains into the front desk area.  The two male clerks at the desk were sporting the Euro trash look with great panache.  Too much product in their hair, and too much chest hair peeking through the unbuttoned shirt collars.  While their voices said "Welcome to Mondrian," the inflection in their voices said "You have no idea how lucky you are that I am talking to you."  I was being helped by a woman, presumably a manager, who looked like Tawny Kitaen from Whitesnake.  "Here I go again on my own . . ."  Didn't she beat up her husband, pitcher Chuck Finley, with a stiletto heeled shoe?  Sorry, there's nothing funny about domestic violence.

Throughout the whole check-in process, no one bothered to ask us about our room preferences, number of beds or any other questions you expect to be asked at a decent hotel.  They were more concerned about getting us out of there, while informing us that parking cost $10 a night.

We drove around the corner to our building.  The hotel is shaped like a giant "U" with a long, narrow pool in the courtyard in the middle.  Each building is three stories high, keeping up with a Holiday Inn Express tradition.  The only difference was, it was painted white.

We got to our room, where everything was, well, WHITE with navy blue accents.  Cottage cheese ceiling reminded guests of the building's 2.5-star past, but cottage cheese walls were masterfully covered by pleated sheer curtains to remind guests of the hotel's 4-star aspirations.  A giant flat screen TV looked almost too modern, but it was still my favorite item in the room.  Clear plastic Kartell chair and nightstand went well with the decor.  Big queen size beds were very comfortable.  The closet door swung open when one least expected it, partially blocking the entrance.  Fire safety FAIL.  

The bathroom looked fine, but not luxurious.  The sliding door was a space saver, but didn't have a lock.  The accent navy blue wall housed 12 hooks - a simple, yet impractical organizer system.  We were given one bar of soap.  Even 2-star hotels give you two: one for your face, and one for your body.  We asked housekeeping for more, and they brought us 2 more bars right away.  We didn't see new soap for the rest of our stay.  On the bright side, however, the soap was imported from Greece.  Is Athens the soap capital of the world?  What's wrong with Ivory soap?  Not once did housekeeping manage to get us the right number of towels.  It was strange to have to request more on a daily basis.  

Everything in this hotel was a la carte.  I am not complaining about the ultra-expensive minibar, which, by the way, included a cap and a pair of flip flops with the Mondrian logo.  I can understand why a can of soda in the minibar is $5.  I can also accept that a breakfast burrito by the pool (a very nice pool, might I add) costs you $17 + 20% gratuity + $3.50 service charge = $24.  However, a hotel music compilation CD for $25, a bottle of Voss for $8 or a bottle of starch for all your ironing needs for $2.50?  Who charges for a crappy hotel CD or starch?  A hotel should be cheap or pretentious, but not both.

The hotel is located within walking distance from Scottsdale Stadium and Old Town Scottsdale, so I would probably stay here again if the price were right.  However, I will definitely lower my expectations for next time, and I strongly recommend you do the same.
Like An Episode of Nip/Tuck

The hotel is super hip. The coolness factor almost borders on overkill. Everything is white. Valets are all dressed in white. The lobby is white. The rooms are all white. I felt like I was in some kind of hospital recovery room. 

We pulled up to a valet area that was filled with exotic sports cars. Our rental Hyundai was a little out of place. When we checked in, we asked about getting a double room instead of a king. My friend had actually called in advance and they said it was no problem so we didn't think it was a big deal. Well, the clerk made it very clear that because we booked through Hotwire, we really had no say in the type of room. He said that we were lucky there was a double room available and he was going to let us switch rooms but not to expect it when we book through Hotwire. I should note that the double room we were given was right near the hotel's nightclub so the thumping of bass from the music went well into the wee hours of the night. Think of sleeping nicely at home and having a car parked right next to your bedroom window with the loudest bass popping stereo... that's what it is like to sleep at the Mondrian.

Other than the front desk clerk, all of the other hotel employees were nice. I probably wouldn't stay there again if given the choice not because it's not nice but because of the general vibe given off from the place. It just wasn't my scene. If you are young, toned, tanned and have a tattoo on the small of your back if you're a girl or a tribal arm band tattoo if you're a guy, this is the hotel for you. If not, you'll probably end up feeling worse about yourself than when you stepped out of your rental Hyundai.
Major Disappointment! 

Second-rate customer service began right at arrival while we were checking-in. We waited patiently to be helped, and when we were finally able to check-in, we were faced with an unfriendly welcome. Our condescending guest service agent rudely interrupted other agents and guests while she was still assisting us. 

On our way to the room, we noticed the white exterior walls badly needed a new paint job. Not only was the exterior an atrocity, but the inside of the room had tears in the wall paper, and unfinished/missing trimmings on the wall. The size of the room and bathroom was decent considering the large balcony over-looking the Scottsdale Mall/garden. The bed; however, was impressively comfortable. If you're looking for a loud pool party, this is the place to be all weekend. Good luck getting in though, the line is outrageous! 

The only saving graces I found in this place was the Skybar, and Red Room. We wandered in for a drink at the Red Room on Saturday night and were thoroughly impressed by the acoustic cover band playing that night. On Sunday night, the Skybar transformed itself into a french themed night titled Pere Lachaise. The DJs were two of the best I've heard in a long time mashing up 90's to current hip-hop, classic 80's, and some house. Since I can still visit these two bars without checking-in, I will remember to keep it that way for the next time I need to stay in Old Town Scottsdale.
When I stopped and asked for directions to this hotel, some girls explained the lack of a sign here because "if you don't already know where it is, then they don't want you there".  Real nice.  It wasn't easy to find.

So upon walking in, the girl at the guest services was so snotty and rude I left.  Bad vibes. You could hear a friggin pin drop in that place it was so dead.

Why hasn't this place closed yet?  Its so overrrated.  Old looking building, rude greeting staff.
OK, let's just get this on the table right now. NO, this is NOT a modern, new hotel but it is definitely cool and fun. It has that feel of an old desert resort, like the ones you find in Palm Springs. It is set up more like a resort, with all of the residential buildings surrounding the two pools. It's fun that you can walk around the hotel's landscaped grounds, featuring curving walkways and fountains. It's also in a great location, right in Oldtown Scottsdale so you can walk to great dinner options. 

The check in process was great. The woman took the time to explain the layout of the resort and all the amenities available. The parking was a bit confusing, but the valet was quick to assist me. 

The room was cool and modern. All the walls have a sleek curtain covering, making you feel like you're in a trendy club. Yes, the bathrooms aren't new marble, but you don't really care because it's hip and different and not your boring norm. The only thing I would say is that it's not quite geared for business travel.. the plexi glass chair and tiny desk area are not conducive to long work on the lap top. Hell! Who cares! I took my lap top out onto my large patio that featured a comfy chaise lounge. Problem solved! 

I ordered coffee through room service and it arrived on time. It could've been a bit warmer, but I sure guzzled it down at 7:30 am. Another nice touch you don't see that often anymore was the minibar. Yes, everything is expensive, but I love the convenience of having a beer on the patio on a hot night if you want. 

Overall, I had a great experience. I will definitely be back, hopefully in cooler weather. These 115 degree days can be killer!
I've been dragged here numerous times and never really enjoyed myself. However I now realize it was probably the company I was keeping, because on my most recent venture to the pool with friends we did have a good time. The crowd was typical but I was excited to see a large handful of men and women fatter than myself. One gentleman had so much hair on his back I thought he was wearing a rash guard. Our waitress was probably new, she had to come back 3 times to tell me what kind of light beer they had, even though I said any light beer will do. Its prob my fault for being a douche and ordering light beer in the first place. My point being, I would never go here by myself but with this group of friends we had a blast. No one got out of hand wasted. We were able to laugh at all the drunk and drugged out people there light heartedly and not take it as a personal attack against our sensibilities, and I didnt get sun burnt. The pool water was suspiciously cloudy though. I doubt I'll be back anytime soon but I had a decent time.
I checked in at the Mondrian Hotel on a Friday afternoon. The valet and check-in staff were very helpful and made sure my room was ready right away.
Later that night my friends and I visited the Pere Lachaise bar at the hotel for some drinks and fun. The atmosphere was very inviting and the bar/cocktail staff were so helpful and friendly. The next day we stopped by the hotel's main pool and decided to spend the whole afternoon there at a pool party. We were definitely not alone as there were many other people out having fun enjoying the sun and cold drinks.
My friends and I all had rooms at the hotel and ended up spending most of our time at the Mondrian because there was so much to do between the bars, pool and restaurant.
I had a great weekend here and would recommend it to everyone!
Let me preface my 4-star rating with: I did NOT pay the full price of $145+/Night for my stay here.  In fact, when I stay at local hotels in Scottsdale, I ALWAYS Hotwire it and end up spending about $50/Night on average. Because of this, my reviews tend to lean towards a more generous star rating than they may actually deserve if we were paying full price.

That being said, I think Mondrian gets a bad rap because it's easy to hate on. Yeah, the butt lamps are tacky, the rooms are small and have what look like boobie tassels hanging from the counter, and wtf is with the sheep thing?  But honestly, the service was great from start to finish (with the exception of a slightly bitchy pool bartender), the drinks were strong, and I really didn't get a pretentious Scottsdale vibe from any of the other guests. The pool had enough plastic around it to float a small village but really who doesn't like a good pair of fake boobies for your Saturday afternoon enjoyment? I know I do.

We checked in early (around noon, when our room wasn't guaranteed until 4) and it was kind of a late birthday party for me so since I knew their pool was opened to the public I invited some friends to visit. They met me in the lobby and I asked the front desk person about the pool policy. He said there is a cover if you're not a room guest but slipped me 3 extra "guest passes" so my friends wouldn't have to pay! To top it off, our room was ready immediately! AKA they didn't look at the rate I paid before deciding to make me wait until the very last possible second before letting me into my hotel room (a la Valley Ho).

The valet guys didn't turn up their noses when we said we'd rather self park, they just gave us directions as to how to park the closest to our room. When we checked out, everyone asked how our stay was and the same front guest guy invited me back to pool for round two. Unfortunately I was way too hungover (see aforementioned point about strong drinks) but it was tempting.

All-in-all I had a good time, and I don't consider myself a douche. Though, after reading this review, you might disagree.
This place needs an update, bigtime.  I booked 5 rooms for co-workers and I in town on business.  Upon pulling up to the hotel, I was immediately thinking I may lose my job for making the decision to stay at this dump.  The hotel is comprised of white buildings that look like a run down apartment complex.  The lobby is nice..cool decor of butt shaped floor lamps and a random lamb.  The bars are nice too, but seem to be chock full of strung out coke heads.  

One co-worker had to move rooms due to an ant infestation and the AC sounds like an airplane is about to land in your room.  I've also heard that the AC doesn't keep up in the summer months, but didn't experience that as our stay was during the month of October.  

All in all, I would go back to the bars here, but wouldn't ever stay here again.
I was in town for the Fiesta Bowl and decided to try another hotel.  I always stay at the W in Scottsdale, but it was sold out.  All I have to say is that this place is a complete dump.  The service is terrible.  Apparently, they find it necessary to book all the rooms with what seemed to be an entire fraternity, then have no security to monitor them after the bars closed.  Did not sleep a wink.  Will not stay here ever again and will make it my mission to make sure no one else does either.
I stayed here a couple of weeks ago for the Fiesta Bowl (Go TCU!). Online it looked awesome, in real life, not so much. 
The Mondrian is an old hotel that has been converted into a new hip, modern hotel. The main lobby was adorable, as were the pools, but the rooms only looked good from afar. I stayed in a two-bed room and it was soo small. The bathroom door was on rolly tracks that slid open and close, but the door was stuck off the track and there was paint and sawdust around it as if it had just been installed. Not to mention the bedsheets felt like paper. 
When we arrived at the hotel, my friend, who is a diabetic, went to the fridge to store his insulin, and found that the fridge was completly stuffed with honor bar things. After a call to the front desk to see if they could clear the fridge to make room for his perishable insulin, we were informed that there would be a charge to the room. Exscuse me?
I know it was a big football weekend, but the guests were rowdy and noisy all night, and one of my friends even had to break up a fight outside of our room at 3 in the morning. 
I wouldn't stay here again.
Just checked out of this hell-hole hotel. Don't blame the staff for this mess, however...they were both friendly and helpful. The problem is that this place reeks of cheap. Yes there's a pricey Kartell Ghost Chair here and there, but other than that the negative reviews people have mentioned about the run-down conditions of this place are true. Think IKEA meets Howard Johnson's and you've got the idea.

They did upgrade us from our $300 king pool view room to an apartment...an enormous space with a separate living room, dining room, and three private terraces. But that only meant there was three times as much that needed to be gutted and re-done. Shame on you, Morgans Hotel Group, for misrepresenting this property. Next time I'll be staying at the Sanctuary at Camelback.
Phallic alert. Yes, everything in this place has some sexual connotations about it. From the butt lamps, boobs on the lobby walls, and f*ck me looking rooms, it screams sex. Oh ya, on a side note, check out the plastic chairs in the RedBar. If you look at the floor at just a right angle from the chair, the shadow looks like an erect penis. 

Okay, maybe I shouldn't drink so much Malibu here. But if someone else is buying, I'm not saying no. Drinks can be pretty pricey and the service is halfassed at best. And I'm not just talking their slutty outfits. 

Pool can be fun if you're with a big group. There are always lots of strippers and slutty skanks walking around in high heels (yes, at the POOL) and douche bag dudes with fake tans and too much muscle. It's great for next day stories :)
Front desk guy could not have been ruder or less welcoming. The concierge was wonderful however. Experience was so-so - from the hot tub having too much chlorine and ruining our bathing suits (general manager did little to replace cost of all the damage), to breaking out in a skin rash also from the hot tub, to the spa showers being broken!
It's cheap, they usually have rooms, and they have $1 Blackjack!  It's not new or fancy (although they did recently renovate the rooms), and it's up at the end of the strip near the Stratosphere, but it's a good home base for your wild Vegas stay.  Spend the money you'll save on gambling instead.
We're not all whales flown in from Japan on Gulfstreams... for us, $1 blackjack! The casino is pretty ghetto and all but you get free drinks to wager pennies at a time! I like this place when you want to kill time, waste a little money and get drunk.
I lump this along with the IP as a cheap and bearable place to stay. I also have to give it props for being the hotel that I won 1100 bucks at playing roulette. Being drunk and gambling sometimes does pay off, kiddies!
$50 rooms even during conferences (20min walk to the convention center), Monorail station and rooms are much better than in the motels around the Strip. Wired and wireless Internet for $12 a day - works great.
The Sahara is On The Strip. I like that in an LV hotel. Also, it has a monorail station downstairs, which can take you down The Strip, to any number of OTHER cool hotels.

I think I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for The Sahara, though. I liked how they put your name on the television set, welcoming you to your room. I also liked that they made decent drinks in the casino... you know, the free ones you get while gambling?

PLUS, I won over $500 here in one day, which is pennies to some people, but for a novice like me, it was A LOTTA DOUGH!!! I was totally kvelling over my winnings! There were a mix of people in this place, too... young, middle-aged, old.... though not as many old people as were at The Plaza. 

My hubby, sister, her friend, my mom and my new step dad all had a great time here! The food in the restaurants wasn't bad, either. The breakfast buffet upstairs was actually pretty darned cool, even though it's in a cafeteria-like setting. They had anything you could ever want for breakfast, and it's 'all you can eat', which is why we go to Vegas in the first place, baby!

The Sahara is a bargain for a Strip hotel. I recommend it! (Just don't expect fancy shampoos or soaps in your room, or mints on your pillow. At least the rooms didn't REEK like the ones in The Plaza.)

Go, have fun. Win some money! Just save some for ME!!!
The buffet was full of mystery meat...

I really can't complain about their under $10 buffet. It's under $10 with coupon. It's nothing special, but it's still better than standard buffets outside of Vegas. 

The hotel seems cool in that it has rides. It's so far off the Strip (for me, it ends at Wynn) that I would never consider staying here, even if it were $20 a night and they gave me a chimp.
Probably the worst place you could stay in Vegas.  The place is old, dingy and the rooms smell like smoke, the food was nasty and it's very far north. 

The only semi-redeeming quality of the place was the fact that it had a decent poker tourney (which you can find at any legit poker room on the strip).

The only way I'd ever stay here again was if every other room on the strip was booked.
The hotel is older but seems clean and the staff is friendly. For the price, its not bad. The location could be better, you feel a little out in the middle of "nowhere" compared to the newer hotels. I'd suggest  renting a car if you stay here. 
Your probably asking yourself, "How can this be a 4 star rating?" Well... The coaster adds 2 stars for me. Its great. In fact, I'm really giving the "Speed" coaster 4 stars and the hotel 2.
One of the better gambling casino's on the "new" strip.. cheap tables and good luck!
This was a GREAT hotel back in the 50s.  The rooms have been updated but not to the new Vegas standards.  Though often cheap rooms can be found I don't suggest staying down here.  The area around the hotel, especially south of the hotel, isn't the friendliest of all places.  Though filthy rich real estate moguls have finally purchased the land near by and have began building high rise condos.

Whatever you do.  DONT EAT AT THE BUFFET.  Save yourself the money and go eat at McDonald's across the street.  Don't eat at McDonald's either please.  Spend the 5 extra dollars that you were gonna throw away anyways and eat at one of the other buffets.
$1.00 blackjack!
Sahara was perfect when I had the college student's budget. But I'll never stay here again, I don't even think I want to even walk in here again. All the rooms smell like smoke even if it's a non-smoking room and the linens look like they're been there since the hotel has opened.
GROSS!!!!!  Manky manky manky!!!!

I had to stay here for four nights cos "somebody" forgot to book our rooms early for CES...  The first night, there were yucky curly black hairs on the bathroom floor, and a large stain on the carpet.

Day two:  Came back to my room to realize that they didn't change the sheets, just made the bed (ok, that's fine by me really...  as long as they change sheets between guests...  I HAVE MY DOUBTS).  Took a brief nap before the evening festivities, and when I awoke...  unwisely made closer inspection of bed I was in....  There was a crusty substance (I'm trying to convince myself it was cream of mushroom soup) on my BLANKET!!!  Not the gross bedspread I always pull off the bed...  MY BLANKET!! YUK YUK YUK!!!

Day Three:  B reported that there was dried blood on one of his "fresh" towels.  Eeeewwww!

Day Four:  I'm sick...  I blame the room.

And they charge $12 for every 24 hours of wireless!!!

The only redeeming quality was the "so bad it was good" lounge act the first night.

I'm a little bitter.
What's with all the bad reveiws? This is such a fun hotel! Okay okay, so it's not classy or fancy or anything even close. But it gets the job done...meaning there's clean, spacious rooms. They're quite plain but nice and didn't smell smoky at all. The hotel is easy to navigate, and that's a big plus for me. Adequate amount of slots and tables, but a waitress only came over to me once. 

It was nice to get away from the insanity of the strip even though it's actually on the strip. To get around we took the Monorail which goes from one end of the strip to the other and stops at 6 or 7 hotels on the way. Cabs are surprisingly not outrageous so that works too. 

The buffet was pretty good. Simple stuff but very fresh. The dessert rocks too. This is a good place to stay if you want something very nice but low-key and a live and let live kinda atmosphere. Plus it was a good deal which was important in the decision making. I'd definitely return.
YIKES!! We stayed here about a decade ago and it was gross then and it's still pretty gross now. I guess it's cheap, but then again, cheap and dirty vs. clean and pay a little more... hmmm..... I think I'll pay a little more thank you very much.

The coffee shop still has a relatively cheap steak and eggs deal, but when compared to the others we've found, it's considered expensive.

Will never stay at this hotel ever again and probably won't even step in here the next time we visit. The old memories should just be exactly that.... an OLD memory.
This was the first hotel I stayed in Vegas, and of course at the time I liked it (I didnt know any better), now that time has passed I can say that I really dont like the place (sorry) the area where it is sucks, I take a Downtown Hotel any time, and sometimes they are even cheaper. Oh and dont even get me started on the buffet, it made the person who was with me really sick.
Nothing exciting, not exactly high quality. Just another casino/hotel for the budget minded.

Small rooms and small bathrooms. It is what it is. A place to stay for the night. 

They have a casino downstairs. $1 black jack tables. That's pretty much it...
1.5 stars ... Definitely a hotel from the past here.  Time to implode and redo this place.  

The bad thing (for inexperienced travelers) is that Expedia and others give this place 3 stars.
I rate this place 3 stars for the price alone.  

The hotel leaves much to be desired.  The rooms are old, the halls smell like 30-year-old smoke, but for $39 midweek and  $99 on the weekends you can do a lot worse in Vegas.  I mean, I don't care how nice the room is--I don't see it while I'm passed out drunk.

Benefits:

Monorail stop that isn't horribly far from the hotel tower.
$5 blackjack
Poker room is a good size and has daily tourneys.
They have internet--a lot of casinos don't.
You can get toothless hookers and crack just around the corner. :)

Things that pissed me off:

Check-in took forever (and we arrived at 2AM!!!)
Selection of food is bad.
Parking garage elevators are slower than slow.

I'd stay at the Imperial Palace if you can get a similar rate just due to the center strip location, but you can do a lot worse in LV.
Although the prices are fairly low, you definitely see why in the rooms.  If one could imagine a 70's era Ho-Jo located out in BumbleF****, Middle America, then you start to have an idea of how truly wretched the hotel portion of this hotel/casino is.  The website is clearly deficient (and some might be brave enough to say, "deceptive") in describing the quality of it's rooms.  There have been positive points made for the monorail stop; however, after using it... I must say the monorail is a complete disappointment.  A much better idea (especially, if your party includes more than one person) is to just cab it around.

A further note, the casino part was interesting and somewhat illustrative of the old Vegas feel.  But, it lacks any real reason for a visit.  I do have to disagree with others though, the smoke smell was not as pernicious as some may have you believe.
Want to stay on the strip but you're a cheapskate? Sahara is the place for you.

Old + Falling Apart + Terrible Shows =  great character.

Only problem is it's a little too far away from the heart of the strip.
Haha. I just have to take a second to soak it all in and laugh it all up.
The good thing about this place is that it actually has a monorail stop, which means you can get from point A (the Sahara) to point B (as far as possible, which would be the MGM, or anywhere in between) in a snap. The second star out of 5 would be the pool. Although I didn't actually get in, I had the chance to spend some side-by-side time with it, and I thought the scene was pretty charming. The size of the bed was nice, and the water pressure was fine.
As for the three stars this place did NOT win, I could mention the 4 dollar a day electricity charge (since when does electricity not come with the room?), or the wireless that wouldn't work for 2 days, but these are really not that important. The thing that really ruined my post-trip were the welts on my hand, shoulder, chin (ugh!), and elbow from....ba-bada-baaaa...! Bed bugs! Wee!
But hey. 3 dollar blackjack. *itchin' chin*
...naaa, still not worth it.
I have stayed at the Sahara Hotel twice.  The rooms are clean and cost is low. The slots are tight.  Hospitality is fantastic! Listen, this is a great hotel for the cost.  The MONRAIL entrance is right at the hotel. Just just use that system to go to the Strip.  That is what I did each time!
The Sahara Hotel and Casino is an older property that is located at the heart of the Las Vegas strip. Its room prices are at the lower end of the price range for Las Vegas Strip locations and only slightly above the price of the MGM properties Excalibur and Circus Circus. 

For the slightly higher price are you getting a nicer room, elevators that come within fractions of a minute rather than minutes and LAN and Wireless high speed Internet access rather than just Wireless. The Buffet is also excellent in quality and price and the Room service is cheaper than you might think. I used it several times and it was fast, not much more expensive than paying at the restaurant and good quality. 

The Monorail station is right next to the hotel, which provides a great alternative to using a cab without the need to walk a long distance to the station itself, like it is the case for several other Las Vegas Strip properties. 

Overall are you getting a very good deal. I stayed at the Sahara already three times and prefer it over the Excalibur, Luxor, Flamingo and Circus Circus. 

The Wynn is much nicer, true, but you also have to pay for a single night almost the same what you have to pay for a whole week stay at the Sahara.

The rooms are spacious, but not fancy and only equipped with the essential stuff. The A/C control lags some precision and a bit more lights would also not hurt. I was only staying in the room to sleep and to work a bit on my computer on the Internet, so that those short-comings did not bother me too much.

I also do not gamble and can't say anything about the quality of the Casino itself. I always ask for a room in the tower that is close to the Lobby entrance, so I do not even have to see anything of the Casino at all.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sahara last September and we had a nice stay. Sure it isn't as glamorous as other hotels on the strip but it definitely exceeded my expectations. My boyfriend picked it because of the pool. I read several reviews before going and I was definitely nervous but the Sahara was good enough. For a hotel I require, safe, clean and warm and the Sahara was definitely that. The decor is a little work and out of fashion and the hotel definitely doesn't have the brand new car smell. If you're looking for a clean, safe place to crash while youre out and about at the nicer hotels then stay here. The staff were definitely friendly and the pool was nice. Most of the guest are older but I wasn't trying to party with the guests anyway. Book a room here and enjoy yourself in the casinos of other hotels.

Don't eat the buffet here, no matter how cheap it is. It isn't worth it.
The first time I came to Vegas, we were staying at the Paris, which apparently is just too full of functional, non-gambling or drinking adults with children for me and my girls, so we headed for the Sahara and its $2 No Bust Blackjack tables.  We basically spent our entire vacation at those tables.  The dealers were fun and friendly, even the pit bosses chatted with us.  Okay, granted, we were there for like three staff changes (no sleep is necessary in Vegas due to all that extra oxygen they pump onto the casino floor) but they really were cool.

Minus two stars for Paco's Bar and Grill.  A steady 13 hour diet of Bud Light clouded my judgment to the point of thinking that eating Mexican food at a desert-themed, low-budget casino would be a good idea.  Well, Bud Light was wrong and I scored some impressive FBI (food borne illness) but danged if I didn't lose 5lbs on that trip.

I still love the Sahara, though, and I continue to return for blackjack every time I'm in Vegas.  Come on, it has its own "NASCAR Experience" in it!  I don't know what that is, but I'm pretty sure it's Bud Light and crappy Mexican food, which sure as hell beats cappucinos and mimes at the Paris any day!
If you are looking for a cheap Vegas trip and just need the hotel as a place to lay your head at night the Sahara is just that.  For a cheap price you get a cheap no frills room with just the basics.  

The best parts:

1.the pool was awesome. Lots of beach chairs, large sizes pool and great view of the roller coaster passing by.

2. they actually have the table game ........WAR!! Can you believe it. I think I almost Sh$t myself when I saw this. I'm not a gambler so seeing this table game was like an oasis in the desert. I swear it was the most fun I ever had loosing $40 bucks!  It reminded me of the casino that Clark Griswald went to in National Lampon's Vegas Vacation.  I am still waiting for the rock, paper, scissors table. 

3. The Beatles stayed there in the early 60's. You see plaques commemorating this throughout the hotel.

4. Close to the monorail. After a night of partying we went from one end of the strip to the Sahara in like 5min. It was super unreal how fast it was. 

The worst parts:
1. It was far from the other hotels. We had to cab it or take the bus.

2. The restaurants sucked. Don't bother eating here if you can help it

3. Once you see how cool the decor and entertainment is on the rest of the strip, you'll feel like you're staying in the ghetto. 

Overall, if  you are strapped for cash and plan on using the hotel as just a place to sleep. It really wasn't that bad.
I only walked through.  But I was afraid.  I mean, seriously afraid.  Everything looks so worn down and tired.  The people too, and not just the ones working the floor, but the people staying there.   It's in the middle of nowhere, unless you count Hooker Emporium down the road to be another hot attraction.  

I could see how it would work if you were just going to be sleeping there and eating and drinking and getting your Vegas experience somewhere else, but then again, you might as well put your cab or bus or monorail money into a pot and get a place that's a little more centrally located!
While the location seems ideal being close to downtown and yet on the strip, it actually became a HIKE.  (And I live in Chicago and walk everywhere.  This was just a long and tedious and boring walk to take to anything resembling action.)

The rooms were in terrible shape, and on the whole the place was depressing.

The casino was kind of a fun place to end the night.  And it was CHEAP.  One star for each.  But the next time I came to Vegas I stayed at Paris, and would pay to do so again.  No more Sahara for me.

Prediction: It's plowed in 5 years or less.
This place was the most horrible place I have ever stayed at in my entire life.  There were pubic hairs on the floor and the drawers, there was also something very drippy and nasty on one of the chairs, if you want to guess what it looked like, please feel free.  I was scared to touch ANYTHING in the whole room...  I changed rooms twice and finally called the housekeeping manager to my last room and made them re-clean it.  The worst part about it is that I paid $188 a night because there was a big trade show in town.  
The dining in the hotel all sucks as well and it's too far to walk anywhere at all.  Most newer hotels have ventilation systems that filter the smoke out of the casino floor, and these tend to work really great, this hotel had nothing so I was smelly the whole time I was there. 
Instead of putting people who help you on the floor they put people who try to sell you timeshares, so you can't walk though the place without getting hounded by five people at a time trying to sell you stuff.  
I will NEVER EVER EVER EVER stay at this place again!  A dirty park bench on a snowy night in the ghetto would have been better....
I'm still really mad.
HISTORIC VEGAS....little else

If you're a fan of old Las Vegas....well you probably still will not want to stay here.  Maybe the best way to break this down is to show some of the positives versus the negatives.

POSTIVES:

Balconies-  If you stay in the old Alexandria tower, then in most rooms you'll be treated to something that you don't find in Vegas very often(probably due to the potential for accident or suicide) and that is the balcony attached to your room!  It's a great place to kick back with a brew and watch the strip!  You also get fresh air (provided your neighbor doesn't smoke 10 packs a day...something that isn't out of the realm of possibility, especially since that's precisely what happened to us) and a great view of the north strip!  

Casino-  Very friendly, intimate, and surprisingly well kept for a 50 year old casino.  It's also very reasonable!  Unlike SOME (most) strip casinos, there's no $50 minimum blackjack anywhere to be found.  I also recommend checking out the "retro" casino with the tables next to some pretty hot dancers who easily distract you from your gambling experience.  (Yes...this is a good thing)

Monorail Station-  Convenient to the hotel, it's easy to access anywhere on the strip with just a short walk.  Monorail prices are pretty reasonable as well.  

NEGATIVES:  

Dirty Rooms-  As many on here have mentioned, the rooms are VERY dirty and old!  That's saying something coming from me, because I usually am not very picky.  The management wasn't even embarrassed that the room we stayed in had peeling wall paper (not just a little but most of the wall!) burnt out lights, mystery substances in weird crevices...the whole nine yards!  Staying in the room felt like I needed a long shower...except that was dirty too!  

Restaurants-  Granted I really only tried the coffee shop...but the food wasn't the best.  I guess I should say it was par for what you would expect out of such an old place.  

Some older hotels on the strip are/were kept up in a reasonable manner (i.e. the Stardust...God rest its hotel soul).  Not the Sahara!  The rooms are dirty and they don't seem ashamed of it!  When I stay at the Sahara, I wanted to feel like I was in old Las Vegas....but not QUITE that much! 

Uggh
Im not going to review this hotel,Im Sorry. Buuuuut I will review the middle aged man walking out of the elevator singing:

"Girl shake that Laffy Javvvie, that Laffy Javvvie!"

DUDE, ITS SHAKE THAT LAFFY TAFFY!

1 star for trying.
1 star for lyrics.
1 star for making me laugh out loud and askin my friend. "Did he just say Javvie?"
Well what can you expect from a hotel that's less than 3 stars and way past it's Hey Days!

Not good for food.
Ok for lodging.
My friend and I stayed here because I was comped a room.
Gaming here is inexpensive.
$5 Paigow poker (off hours)
$5 Craps (off hours)

That's all I really go for.

I also checked out the pool.  Not too bad.  But not too big either.  At least there was music thumping in the background but was constantly drowned out by the dumb rollercoaster.
This is a good place for those who don't mind about sanitation & still want to be sort of on the far end of the "strip" at a cheap price. I had no choice in staying here, b/c it was selected by someone else w/o the knowledge about this place.
I've stayed in motels that are cleaner than the room I stayed in since the hair dryer & top of the toilet seat had dust on it.  Even some of the old downtown Fremont area casinos look in better shape & much cleaner looking (ie Golden Gate).
There is a pool at least, just don't eat at the cafe near the registration desk unless you're starving b/c you can probably make your own better sandwich. At least they have the Nascar Cafe to drink up before you go into your room.
Be careful with what time you check in, b/c if you check in around 3PM either one hour before or after, your wait time is at least 1/2 hr, b/c at there are only 3 people out at the front desk around the time I checked in.
The Sahara, where the Beatles played at when they were in Vegas.

This place is aged, and small, and smokey, and all in all... OLD. It's like that guy that was catcher at the starting lineup for your favorite baseball team, who was bounced after a couple years, became a journeyman, and now is playing single A ball for some independent league out in the corn fields of Nebraska, hoping to scrape up enough cash to pay rent at his cheap-o hotel room.

The rooms are small (and smell). It's old school vegas, but without the cool of the Rat Pack. There are only 3 things that keep me from giving it the one star finger:

1: It's next to the monorail
2: They hosted the Amazing Jonathan (still do to my knowledge)
3: $5 blackjack.

1 and 3 are no longer big drawers for me, now that I'm out of college and have a bit more expendable income, but they keep the 2nd star for Amazing Jonathan. And this story.

My buddy and I were playing here after a show, fairly sauced, and not fully loaded down in the wallet. We're playing a $5 table, just to pass some time, and maybe make a little bit more cash. Drink server comes by to take our order, I ask for a beer, he asks for a Johnny Walker Black and soda.

Keep in mind, we're at the $5 table. My friend is shocked to near speechlessness (unfortunatly he couldn't be shocked to total speechlessness 'cause he bitched the whole way back to our hotel) when his JWB came back looking like a drop of johnny, and a glass of soda. I had to remind him, $5 table, but I do get a chuckle everytime I remember his face of what basically amounted to a slight amber tinted cloud in a glass of water.
I only stay here when a room doesn't mean anything to me on my trip and all I want is a bed and bathroom for myself. If I were on a honeymoon, trip with wife, kids, etc., I'd stay elsewhere. The buffet is cheap, and I've actually paid three times more for food and have eaten about the same things, like at Treasure Island buffet. I'm rarely in the hotel when I do go to Vegas so a cheap room in a place that is still considered a hotel rather than a motel isn't bad. Getting in and out of the parking structure is easy, and you don't have to contend with the major traffic from farther down the strip. Rooms are dirty, wallpaper is wearing off, elevators are rattling, the place is definitely on it's last legs. I'll miss the cheap rooms when it does finally go, and the history.
Sahara--it's a Vegas hotel... I doubt anyone would care as long as the price is cheap--no one really stays in a hotel room during their stay in Vegas anyways, right??

Well, at least that's how me and my homies felt.  We're in Sin City to shop and party, not sleep all day!  I guess we spent more time in the hotel room than expected-- so here comes the review.

First off, the front desk lies about early check in!  We drove to Vegas and were pretty dang tired and wanted to check in early.  My homie called in a couple times before realizing that its the same person picking up at front desk, so started to fake his voice, asking what time early check in is.  The guy gave him 3 different answers... well, the guy might have just been messin with him cus he keeps callin, but we were desperate.  So we walked in and discovered the LONG check in line... weird.. I thought check in wasn't for another hour?  Well, people were gettin their rooms... geez, we waited in our car, delirious for two hours, for nothing!

The room was much smaller than I expected.  We had a smoking room with no ash-tray... not a big deal, but geez, were we suppose to tip the guy when he brought one up to us???

One of my homie and I went down to the pool to relax.  Pool is an alright size, lots of chairs, towel service, beer and music blasting.  Once again, though, no ash trays in sight, eh.

Room blankets were very thin, which is cool when it's hot, but once we got the AC blasting throughout the night, it gets pretty chilly... I guess I could've just gotten up to turn off the AC, but it's the principle that counts! .. and yes, I eventually turned off the AC :).

Room service is a big nono.  Food is cheap for roomservice, but you get what you paid for... well, not technically cus I dont think anyone really wants to pay to have diarrhea.... INSTANTEOUSLY... yes, all four of us.  Not to mention, pizza tasted like cardboard, sandwich tasted like cardboard and OJ was warm.

One room was 80bucks, two queen size bed and a tv.... it's cheap, prob stay there again ONLY because it's cheap... I woudn't put too much trust in that place, and definitely would spend a lot less time in the rooms than we did last time.
I have never stayed at the Sahara I have only stoped in for the cheap tables. Thats really the only plus about the Sahara.. cheaper to play usually means you can play for longer. If your staying at the Stratosphere, which I don't recommend the Sahara is close enough to walk to. If your are coming from the other end take a cab its not worth the walk.
when an opportunity to visit Vegas especially on New Years happened, i  was happy to join the fun.  Since I haven't been to Vegas since i was 5, there's definitely more things to do :D

But  staying at this hotel has scarred my Vegas fun.   First of all the light in our hotel room (you know the one where there's supposed to be one when you stepped into the room was broken) so i kept on thinking why is our room so freakin dark. 

Well the guys stayed in the next room so i knew there was supposed to be a light in our dimly lit room.   Besides the darkness of the room always thought the room was a bit on a dirty side.  Granted it's probably the cheapest place to stay on the strip for New Years.  

But gah! i'd rather stay at a Holiday Inn or Day's Inn in comparison to the Sahara.  I'm not saying the Holiday Inn or Day's are bad places to stay in but have had much better experiences there.  *cough*  a more lighted cleaner establishment to stay in. 

One minor highlight was the convenience of the hotel being hear the Tram (which was very convenient on New Year's Eve).  But there were other hotels that were near the tram too. 

I know the next time when i come to Vegas; Sahara is NOT the place to stay at.
Considering the fact we only showered and slept in our hotel room, the Sahara was quite a bargain. It was super cheap and on the Tram which turned out to be very convenient as we used it quite often.  There was absolutely nothing fancy about our hotel room, but there was nothing bad either.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is visiting Vegas on a budget.  Save money on the hotel room and use those savings to see a Cirque du Soleil show!
For college girls on a budget, the Sahara is great. I think we stayed in a deluxe room that had two queen beds and a balcony overlooking the pool. The balcony was the best part; I love balconies. The beds and pillows sucked though. In my eyes, if you're wasted face and you still can't pass out on a bed, then you know there's something wrong. That's exactly what happened to me all weekend. 

The check in was HORRENDOUS. Check in began at 3 p.m. and we got there at 2. We decided to go in anyway and play a couple slots while we waited. Well, we changed our minds immediately when we saw that there was already a check in line that went across the entire lobby. We skipped the games and waited in line for over an hour. 

Besides that, the bellhops there were soooo nice! When we arrived and left, they wheeled out our many bags all the way to the parking structure and loaded them into my car for us. 

Sahara is getting a facelift from SBE entertainment (you know, of LAX nightclub), so hopefully, we'll see something more modern in the next few years.
OK - note.. I DID NOT STAY at the hotel.. 

but since there isn't another place to put this.. it's going here.

The sports bar that is off to the side of the keno lounge - almost to the game pit - away from the gaming, away from the smoke... 

makes the best damn drinks in vegas.  $6 gets you really nice martini, filthy as hell, and a cute friendly bartender serving it to you.

had I had all day (instead of an hour to kill on that end of town) I would have been WASTED with these little lovelys.

So.. if you find yourself down that way, and want to plop in a nice AC bar, and watch, eh, soccer, baseball - or gawd knows what - order up a drink.  They are amazing.
There's not much to say about this place. me and my two friends stayed here on a thursday night for 30 bucks. i'll just say you get what you pay for.

small room, small shower. the place looked gully, and it almost looks like you're gonna get mugged if you walk to your car.

i wouldnt stay here again, ever.
As far as the rooms, amenities and pool go I give this joint 2 stars. It gets the extra star because the slots we're loose! I was w/a group of 5, we ALL went home with money in our pockets and hit some good wins! It was a fun novelty to stay in a little part of Vegas history (the Beatles, as well as Marilyn Monroe have stayed here). You can even reserve the Beatles room they apparently stayed in. I loved the old school spacious balconies! Very good for a..... *ahem* smoke.We stayed in the "historic" part of the casino. BUT, you cannot control your rooms A/C... this wasn't too much of a problem regardless of the fact it was 102-104 degrees during the day. Well, not for me. For my roomies, it was. Anyways it is controlled by a "central A/C unit" or something, so basically the casino had control over how much cool air you were graced with. LOL. Let's just say they were a little stingy... this room cost me around $40 a night, so I guess you get what you pay for. But I know of plenty hotels in Vegas for the same price if not cheaper that let you control your own A/C!!! If you sign up for the free slot players blub, you get a cool little free souvenir w/your name on it, ha. The buffet is very big, edible to okay food quality and only $6 w/the card as well.

Overall, unless you're a huge Beatles fan or something I wouldn't recommend this place. Unless you can find a use for that balcony like I did.
Viva Las Stinky! After a long 8 hour drive to Las Vegas we arrived at the Sahara Hotel which is where the Rat Pack used to hang out back in the day...well Frank, Dean and Sammy are all gone...but the rats are still there! 

Not really. But man this place sucked. We snagged a great deal through Travelocity but I don't think it's worth it. Our room in the Tunis Tower had a smokey, musty odor and lots and lots of carpet stains. The beds were crappy and the pillows were like sleeping on one little cotton ball. Awful. 

I could go on and on...We're not picky travelers...but the Sahara was a major disappointment. It was cold and windy during our stay. The pool area actually looked nice and relaxing. It was just too cold and windy to hang poolside. 

I thought it would be old-school cool but it was just old.
Now, I'm all about the old school casinos where you can almost see the ghosts of Dean and Frank, but I'm pretty sure their ghosts have left this building.  Stopped for a minute when we saw $5 BJ, but when we gave the skanky waitress our drink order and she hadn't reappeared in 8 hands, we too, left the building.  As we made our way rapidly to the door, I noticed that many rooms seemed to have a view of the highly sketch path to the monorail.  Sweet.
My buddy got married here on Saturday night so thats what this review is going to be about.  I have never stayed here so I cant review it per say.    We came here Friday night to meet up with everyone and hang out.  Gambled a little and didnt win squat.  Had a few beers and bounced back to the Riviera where I was staying. My friends wedding was very nice.  They had the ceremony upstairs in a room...maybe the chapel?? I dont know what you would consider it.....anyways......  As soon as the ceremony was over, they clear everything out and then bring in tables and chairs etc. for dinner.  Dinner was pretty good.  An Italian buffet.  Bomb ass stuffed shells.  They had 2 kegs of Coors Light which made me happy and they had a decent DJ and the staff hosting the thing was cool.  Not a bad place to get married I guess.  Ive seen better, Ive seen worse.  Hanging out with friends I havent seen in awhile, and the overall celebration of the whole thing made it worth the trip out to the desert.
We decided to take a 4 night trip to Vegas in October.  This would be about the 7th trip for me.  My friends and I are on a budget and always look for bargains and good deals.  I'm really not too picky about hotel rooms because very little of our trip is spent inside the room.  After searching several internet site for rates on various hotels, we chose Sahara for the budget price and the fact that there is a monorail stop there.  We always use the monorail extensively to travel back and forth along the strip.  It's much less expensive than taking a taxi everywhere you want to go.  So we booked so-called "Deluxe" rooms at the Sahara for about $35 per night.  I had been inside the Sahara casino several times.  The casino and public areas are quite nice, and I expected the rooms to be the same.  

Check-in on a Sunday afternoon was quick.  Rooms were assigned on the 7th floor of the Tangiers tower, which is supposed to be the newest of the three hotel towers at Sahara.  After stepping out of the elevator on the 7th floor, I was less than impressed by what I saw.  The ceilings in the hallways were very low and it was kind of dark.  We found our rooms and stepped inside.  The rooms were very, very dated.  The carpet was stained and worn.  The furniture was old and peeling.  There was a chair at a writing desk that had all kinds of stains on it.  The bedspreads looked as though they'd been in use for 30 years.    A small, old television set only received about 6 or 7 channels.

The rooms served their intended purpose of sleeping and showering, but I wouldn't even think about trying to enjoy or spend any time lounging in the room.  

There was a surprise at checkout also.  This hotel adds a $6.00 per night hotel fee on top of the room rate.  Now this might have been stated somewhere in the very small fine print that nobody ever reads, but it still came as a shock.  So that made the room about $41 per night plus tax. 

Overall, the hotel room served its purpose, but I don't think I'd stay at Sahara again.  The casino action was fun, but cocktail service left something to be desired (Yes, I did always tip).  We didn't try any of the restaurants there. My experience at the Sahara for almost a week was somewhat less than my expectations.

Come on Sahara.  Invest a little money in some room renovations.  You would be rewarded with customers who are more satisfied with their stay and would want to return.
I did NOT stay here. I did, however happen to hit up the buffet, the last time i was in vegas... DISGUSTING! Ended up being scared away from ALL buffets, because of this one. And the Nascar/Redneck theme is JUST PLAIN STUPID. 
YEE-HAW!
Stayed here when I was 9 and went to Vegas on a family road trip.  I seriously thought they blew this place up a while ago, cause I haven't really noticed it the 3 times I've been here since I turned 21.  But yeah, I guess they got to keep some of the old school hotels around.  Don't remember much, but I do remember these rooms are very basic.  But this is where I watched porn for the very first time in my life when my parents left the room to go gamble.  So +1 star for free porn channels.  Not sure if they still have that good of a deal and if they upgraded from those turn knob television sets.

And no joke, when we were sleeping here one night, I could hear a girl moaning through the walls.  I guess they didn't sound proof the walls back in the day.
I've gone every year with friends for a 3-day weekend for the past 10 years.  I am a club member and my stay is usually less than $100 total.  It is "old" Vegas as in literally old (for the strip) and tacky like the old days.  If you want Bellagio, Walk up the strip.  This is a great place to crash and to gamble.

It has cheap rooms, cheap food, and cheap gambling on the strip.  If you want to go to a fancy club, get in a cab.  You want to stare at beautiful people?  Get in a cab.  You want an inexpensive place to eat, drink, gamble, and sleep?  You've found it!

The rooms with balconies are priceless. There are NO open balconies left on the strip except here.  The rooms are classic cheese.   EVERY room has a burnt iron mark on the floor and comforters with cig burns.  (Who is ironing clothes that stays here???)  

I am a moderate gambler.  You can find 5 dollar tables and there are some nice dealers.  You want to pay $15 per hand minimum?  Walk South down the strip.

The Nascar theme is NOT classic and thankfully is sequestered to an avoidable part of the casino.  The Caravan Cafe is fantastic - think 1970's truck stop at a Howard Johnson's without the diesel fumes.  A lot of old fat people rave about the cheap buffet; that's all it is is cheap cafeteria food.  Speed the ride is pretty sick.  It is near the buffet and I sometimes like to go on it after I just gorged myself.
I really used to be a big fan of the Sahara.  In fact, up until today it was pretty much the place I always stayed in Vegas, but now the love affair has died.

To be fair, I really should write separate reviews for the hotel and the casino.  I'll start with the hotel.  The Sahara is pretty much the cheapest hotel in Vegas that won't give you something potentially fatal or disfiguring by coming into contact with the sheets.  If you stay here I reccomend you splurge for one of the premium room.  The standard rooms are just a little TOO beat up.  I mean hey, old school is cool and all, and I figure at least one of the cigarrette burns in the table was probably done by Elvis or something, but man I need internet and other amenities or I'm staying someplace else.  I would give the hotel as a stand alone two stars.

Now for the casino.  The Sahara casino has all the charisma and charm of a 67 year old hooker with missing teeth.  It used to be different there.  They used to have $1.00 blackjack tables.  Those tables rocked.  You've never met so many happy people sitting gambling.  There was usually a twenty plus minute wait for those tables.  Anyone with half a brain would have designated MORE tables as $1.00 blackjack tables, right?  You do know what's coming next... they raised the table minimums to $5.  Idiots.  During the week I can gamble on five dollar tables in MUCH NICER casinos.  Why the hell would I go to the Sahara if you're not going to offer me something better or cheaper?

OK, so then, and this is the final straw for me, they had this one game of blackjack where you could put another dollar down and if you got  natural blackjack you could push a button and win up to a grand (but you normally only won like five or ten bucks).  It was fun, and once again it filled tables.  So, what do you think they did with it?  Yep, they did away with it.

Friggin' IDIOTS.  So now the Sahara is mostly emplty and the people that are there are the 80 year old smoking while carrying their oxygen tank around crowd and people from the 909.  This is why I give the Casino one star.  You average my score for the hotel with the casino and that's how I arrived at two stars.

I do hope they redeeem this place, but since they wont I say let's go ahead and implode the sucker before it gets any more pathetic.
I stayed here last September with my boyfriend, we'd reserved a queen bed room in advance. NEVER AGAIN. They double booked us so we wound up with some smokey double queen room which lacked in every which way.. I mean I know it's not the best hotel but I can't stand smelling smoke the entire time I'm in Vegas, it's bad enough the casinos aren't aired out. We didn't even get any discounts for the inconvenience. JERKS! Next time if I want to stay at the end of the strip we'll be at Stratosphere the rooms are 10x nicer.
I'm going be a bit more generous than my fellow Yelpers..don't worry, explanation will follow.

I'm play a dorky MMORPG called DragonRealms (or DR for short).  If any of you fellow dorks (or even people from the 80s) that remember the old Infocom text based games like Zork or Enchanter, then you get the idea.  Game is like that, but a bit more complex.  Anyway, every year DR players gather twice a year, once at the official Simucon at St. Louis and the unofficial/player run convention in Las Vegas.

One of Simu's employees Solomon has his birthday in the first weekend of March, so it's good time for him to fly out, go out and eat, check out the strippers and drink until the early hours of the morning.  Oh, we do have a short game forum or it would be just another extented party and not a convention.  I've gone the last four years (twice at the Fountier, which has since been demo'ed) and twice here.

Here's my logic for a 3-star review:

For starters, our organizer got some pretty bomb-ass discounts for our room rates.  $60 Friday & Saturday and $40 Wedneday, Thursday, Sunday?  Yah, the rooms are pretty beat up (at least my non-smoking room only had a burn mark from a dropped iron right in the middle of the room) but our suite was OK.  Not like I slept much anyway, although I did gamble some and took walks and 30min naps here and there.

Sahara is the only casino where you can host a gathering like this and they let you bring in outside alcohol.  The hotel does have a small liquor store on site, but we're bringing up cases of beer, ice, mixers and whatnot, so we're not sitting at the main bar ordering $4.50 beers.

When I wasn't with the group, I spent a couple hours in their Abracadabrah bar (north side of the casino, before the NASCAR bar) and had nice pints of Bass or Guiness ($5 and $5.50), which was very reasonable (much better than the gal that ordered an MGD for $4.75).  They also had a $12 50oz (more like 48oz) draft promotion, so you get a nice 50oz-ish of Guiness and a nice big 50th anniversity glass to take home.  If you run into Jay from New York, he's the best bartender in the hotel.  He was also nice enough to find a barback to get boxes for my nice new glasses.

Gambling-wise I was down $91 for the weekend, play five sessions of craps.  People were either bucking the point or getting couple rolls before a 7-out.  Thank God I was hedging, but I had a couple tables where the dealers were less than cordial, so no odds bet on point for the boys.  My last table was terrible, as far as the dice went, but I learned a bit more from actual table time than at-home practice.  Hint: when making place bets just give the dealer a stack of chips and tell him what you want....giving exact change slows you down and I lost a couple of key rolls because of this.

Another Yelper mentioned the lack of $1 tables; they might have differnent table limits during the day/night, weekend/weekday, but $5 tables on the Strip are pretty much standard...if you're looking for $1 action, you need to go to Fremont Street.

So, one star for the beat up room, one star for having our groups own booze and one star for Jay from New York (but he's a five star bartender).
My fiancé and I stayed here over the weekend for a wedding. It seemed cheaper than most anything on the strip, but I guess that alone should have been a red flag.

We reserved a premium, non-smoking room with a king sized bed. It was run down, but I had seen worse elsewhere.
Though, the next day as we got ready for the wedding, we saw a cockroach run across the floor. Not acceptable.

We informed the front-desk of the roach, and while the clerk gave us a bit of attitude, she said they would switch our rooms when we returned from the wedding.
Since we were tired when we got back and didn't want to wait in the long line at the desk, we just figured we would call the front-desk from our room to get the switch done. Should have been simple...

About 10 minutes of either busy signals or endless ringing later, we were getting annoyed. We called the bellhop, which amazingly answered immediately. They were very helpful, and suggested to ignore the line and go straight to the windows for the switch.
After finally getting our new room keys, we called the bellhop back to help us move. They were there in less than 5 minutes. But as we opened the door to our second room, we realized that it was not only non-premium, but that there were two full beds, instead of the single king.
 
We attempted the phones again, but ended up going back to the front desk. We told the clerk about our issues. Her only response was, "Oh, that wasn't a roach, it was just a water bug, we have those here!" WHAT? My fiancé finally just said, "No... we need for you to make this right." Out came the manager...

The issues were explained again, and the guy at least pretended to look shocked and upset for us. He explained that they had a limited number of premium, king bed rooms, but that he would see what he could do for us, and then vanished behind some doors for about 5 minutes. When he returned, he told us our rates would be reduced by more than half for both nights, and that they were working on getting us a better room. He disappeared again for about 10 more minutes. Then he gave us new room keys, and we were on our way (again...).

Room #3 had the right bed, and did not look as beat up and worn as room #2, but we're pretty sure it was non-premium. But at that point we gave up. We had a decent room and were paying much less than we expected, and we figured there was not anything else that they could (or would) do for us.

Bottom line... avoid. It's cheap, which is nice, but really not worth the hassle. If they had a cleaner, better kept establishment, we would have been fine in the first room. It really seems that they've simply given up on this place. It smells musty, looks incredibly dated, and after staying there for a weekend, it's just gross. I don't like the idea of roaches crawling about my belongings.

And the customer service skills over-all were incredibly lacking. Even the cocktail waitresses in the casino would take orders, and then simply not return with the drinks. There is much better out there than this place, that is for sure.
Not a bad casino off the strip! You can't go wrong with $3 blackjack and cheap Texas hold 'el limit games. Lots of alcohol flowing too so it makes the poker games entertaining.

I played a lot here, and used my comp card. Hope it gets a complimentary room. I'm currently staying free with my folks complimentary stay. Rooms are nothing special but they have pretty nice tow away beds if you have extra guests in your room.  Definitely vegas on the cheap!
I am going to upload photos so that y'all know I'm not joking!  I booked a room on expedia.com and drove up to Vegas to meet up with my family.  I got in about 3am...a bit tired after a long drive but happy to be in a hotel.  I love hotels!!!.  Happily there was no line at registration but I dutifully stepped into the "line" until the registration clerk acknowledged me...it took a bit until she finally looked up to my pleasant "excuse me, is this where I check in?"  Ummm....she was unfriendly...almost rude but she would have had to work hard at that so obviously didn't bother.   No "Good Evening/good morning"  No offering up a polite smile.  "Checking out?!?" she said..."umm..no...checking in?"

Really just your average or below average underwhelming experience.  So what..this is Vegas Baby...get to your room and lay down...wake up...have a mimosa...all will be well. This is what I tell myself....

So I make it up to my room...the carpet was worn and frayed at the door and can I tell you that when I stepped into the room I thought I had gone  into a time warp?  Welcome back to the 80's!  Dirty sheets, ripped blanket..none of the lights were plugged into a socket except the one in the entry...tv didn't work...the list could go on but I think we all have the picture.  Now to be honest...there are worse hotels in Las Vegas for $27.00 per night (oh and a $6.00 booking fee!)  Was planning on extending my stay and not staying with family but ugh..yuck!  Happily checked out the next day...early!  

All I can say is that it's cheap...and I'm thinking they're really close to renting by the hour!
Take this review with a grain on salt. We(my gf and myself) signed up for a a timeshare presentation at the California State Fair last year with the promise of a free stay in Vegas including airfare. We were given the choice of the Riviera, Sahara or one more hotel that I cant remember the name. We choose to stay at the Sahara. Its a free trip!! We weren't expecting the Four Seasons. It is a free trip mind you. The hotel is located at the far end of the strip between The Wynn and Stratosphere. The hotel room was clean, yet mildly out of date. I was told that there had been some substantial renovation to the property, but I guess new carpeting was not in the budget. The pool was fun with an eclectic mixture of families and middle aged adults.Definitely not the same type of people that go to The Hard Rock Pool. Our room looked out onto the pool and we were able to see the lot where The New Frontier used to be. We played a few table games but spent most of the time down at the more happening part of the strip. If you are lucky enough to sign up for a Tahiti Village Timeshare presentation then do not hesitate. Free airfare and hotel on the strip. You cannot beat that, and if you can please message me with your secret.
April '09 was my first trip to Vegas and we got a good deal for the Sahara as the Palms (my mom has stayed there and she loved it) is quite expensive and booked up. I personally was thrilled to be staying in one of the few remaining classic Vegas landmarks. 
I know that the Sahara was built circa 1952 so I wasn't expecting something that was completely trendy and flashy so to some degree it did live up to my expectations. 
I have stayed in a Resident's Inn by Marriot that was alot better in nearly everyway than the Sahara but with one exception. The experience and history that the Sahara has packed into it. For the money, I was pleased. And I got to stay in the Alexandria Tower which once housed the Beatles in 1964. I love a time warp and the Sahara gave me that experience.
This must be where all the "working girls" cruise late in the evening.  It was like running the gauntlet trying to leave the casino.  They were everywhere, and a couple of them were pretty aggressive too.

Had a good video poker session here.  No big wins, but played a long time and left a little up.  The cocktail waitress was actually pretty efficient this time, much more so than last.
Ok. Here's the deal. 

My buddies and I come for a week every year. This property is our choice for $1 dollar Blackjack, decent location, and affordable rooms. This is a 'dude' trip where accommodation aren't that important. 

One caveat - if you like playing cheap Blackjack this is the place. But they only bring this option a couple a times a year. We go every June and seem to hit this 'special offer' annually. So, if you're booking in the fall I doubt they will have these tables available unless you play between the hours of 4-6 AM. 

Another caveat is getting your room comp'd. Simply get a players card and play at the tables each night for about $50 buy in. I often would wager $5 when the pit boss was around and then would bump down to a buck when they weren't looking (usually when I was stemming the losses). You could easily put together an hour at the table. Cash out after an hour and VOILA you'll get a free room at the end of your stay if you ask them to verify your points on the players card. 

We don't bring our wives because we'd then choose a different property. The rooms are a little outdated. You will rarely have a room with a decent view simply by the configuration of the hotel property. 

The pool is usually clean, you can always find a lounge chair to sizzle beneath the sun (unlike the Mandalay), and they serve Newcastle. 

This place ain't velvet but more like a soft polyester.
When we checked in to the hotel we were given a room that had a huge water stain leaking on the carpet from our room to the hallway!  We open the door and it smells like S%*T and there is an industrial fan blowing on the floor--drying out that mystery leak...Rad! We got a new room.

It was during a big Nascar event so it was pretty awesome to people watch. The German Air Force was staying there. They would sit by the elevator and drink beers and smoke cigs in their jumpsuits. They were funny.

Overall this place sucks--but is super cheap so whatever. The little store that sells booze and beer had a nice staff. I didn't win any money. I like Hooters better if I'm gonna go cheap!
SH*T HOLE of a place! Yes I said it!!! A major WTF of a hotel. It took me hmmmmm 20mins just to check into the place after making on-line reservations. We then get to the room and the freaking lamp had NO bulb!! Good thing is was 10am otherwise we couldn't see and damn thing. We call room service and a guy comes up who couldn't speak a lick if english hands me the bulb and leaves! I was like aren't you going to test it??  The tub holy S had a PATCH on the inside! WTF WTF WTF I was like F that and got another room.

POOOOOOR food we only ate it because well it was the only thing to eat at that point in time. STAY AWAY from this place!!

LAS VEGAS WHY DID YOU NOT TEAR this place down with the other hotels?!?!?!?!
This hotel falls into the category of, "Wow....are you serious?!"  Let me start of by saying we booked this hotel not expecting much.  We got a decent rate and weren't there for the luxuries of a hotel.  That being said, we checked in around midnight on a Friday.  The line must've been about 40 people long and there were only 3 employees checking people in at the front desk.  It took us well over an hour to check in. 

We finally got checked in and stayed in the "Alexandria Tower".  The hallway was warm and the room was just as warm.  A sticker on the wall above the thermostat read something along the lines of, "Thermostat control does not control temperature.  Only airflow."  It was 85 degrees at midnight and I can't control the temperature of the room???

We ended up changing rooms the next day. The next room was cooler but the faucet in the tub would not stop running.  EEK!  It served its purpose but you'd honestly be better staying at the Motel 6.  It's cleaner at least!
I guess I should not stay here due to the complaints here, but believe it or not, I really like going here and gambling because of the $1 blackjack and the $1 Roulette on the video screen.  Anyways I like the table games and I am a cheap gambler so making $5 dollar bets and losing it all is not ideal.  I just like going there and losing $100 dollars and not worrying anything about it and making the most bang for my buck.  Anyways the dealers were really nice.  

I wonder how that 6 pound burrito tastes like though.  I wonder if it tastes like shit because it is $20.00 for the sucker.  I did not go on any of their rides however. The Nascar theme is really cool and enjoyed it. I think I would go back, but I probably would rate it lower if I stayed there.  But what you pay is what you get hehehe.
I last stayed here maybe 3 or 4 years ago, the first time I went to Vegas.  We chose  this place because it was inexpensive...but that turned out to be a mistake.  This hotel is rundown and dirty, and it's also really far from everything else on the strip.  I remember walking around a lot and it wasn't worth it.  It's worth paying more to be closer to everything.  I guess the stratosphere is nearby, but we didn't even go there.
I stayed here at the Sahara with a friend who got the room comp'd and it was "okay". I wouldn't pay for it.

The check-in lines I noticed were extremely long. I requested a non-smoking room but clearly the room they gave us smelled like cigarettes (especially the bed). Perhaps they were giving us the shaft because it was a "free" room, but I really didn't like that.

On the second day while I was in the shower, the water suddenly turned off. My friend called the front desk while I stormed to the lobby to find out what the hell was going on. Apparently, there was a leak on our side of the hotel and all of the water was shut off. Okay, thanks for the heads up guys! The only highlight of that was we got moved to a much nicer room.

I enjoy coming to Sahara for the gambling, it's one of the cheapest on the strip but the place is a bit far from the mega casinos so I'd probably stay somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas. Last time I was in Vegas, I got a really good rate at Tropicana which I would take again if I was on a budget simply because it's closer to all the action. I had a rental car anyway because I drove to Vegas, so the distance wasn't a big deal but if I didn't have a car it would have definitely been a pain. I'd probably pick Hooters or Tropicana if I wanted to go hotel cheap next time.

I have to agree with other yelpers there is a total lack of $1 tables. I'd definitely would have played more at Sahara, but I didn't see any of these supposed $1 tables my entire weekend! Perhaps it is more of a weekday thing?

I ate at the NASCAR bar, didn't care to try the buffet it looked crappy. Food was really greasy.

The pool wasn't bad though.

I doubt I'd come back to Sahara, ever honestly.
This place is good for the money that you pay.  It's cheap for a reason people!!! You can't expect to get super service and accomodations when you are spending $29 a night!

This is the perfect hotel when you do not give a rats ass where you sleep as long as it has running water, ac, and a bed.

I have stayed here quite a number of times and I will be back.  It serves my purposes and the downstairs casino is entertaining and the NASCAR Cafe is very entertaining as well.
Absolutely terrible!!! Does cheap mean that I have to put up with FILTH?? The self-parking garage is disgusting, Footprints on walls and ceilings. DO NOT GO INSIDE THE GARAGE ELEVATOR. 3.The room 2051, was old and disgusting. From a housekeeping standpoint, the room was clean. From a room condition aspect, it was old, worn and outdated. The furniture was old and had many scratches from years of wear and tear. The carpet had many disgusting stains on it. There was an old musty smell to it. STAY AWAY- don't let the cheap prices fool you, or you will come out looking like the fool......like me. )c:
Given the choice between sleeping in my car and staying here again, I will choose the former.  That's what I get for planning a last minute LV trip on the super cheap. Only slight positive to my short  weekend haunt here is that I cracked the poker tourney on Friday night and had some winning sessions on single deck blackjack.  The rooms are seedy, the clientele seedier, and they even managed to jack up the room price at checkout with the good old bait-n-switch price quote.  The manager didn't care what the reservation quote said, she insisted on me paying the full amount.  Never again even if they paid me to stay here.
Sahara is good place to hold your personal belongings, shower, sleep, brush your teeth, and take a deuce. That's it!
The hotel was okay.   My husband and I stayed there on 4th of July 2007.   The room was clean.
loves the casino downstairs... hotel was ok...thats all
I would consider this a huge motel.  Non-smoking room smelled like smoke.  Rooms dark. Beds uncomfortable.  

Fine if you are just sleeping and getting the hell out of the room.

Would never stay again unless it was practically free.

Also, they get one star for being a monorail station stop.
Will not stay at again.

At the time, it was one of the cheapest hotels on the strip available.  I paid around $40/night.

No hot water heater, no fridge.  UNABLE TO ADJUST TEMPERATURE IN ROOM.  Right away, I needed to call for service for lightbulbs that were not working.  

The only pluses were it's considered hotel on the strip, and it's right next to the monorail with easy access to other hotels.  The blackjack tables are pretty cheap as well.  

The 2 star was for an overall horrible experience even given the cheap price.  Will not stay at again, even at $15/night.
So labor day weekend, I was supposed to spend the night at a friend's house while in Vegas. Night before, she flaked out. Greaaaaat. What to do? Well, we searched through kayak for the cheapest rate during labor day weekend and found that Sahara had the cheapest, or at least decent price for that weekend and its location.

Theme: This place is a mesh of Arabian nights, meets Nascar. Yeah, weird huh? Well they have that Nascar cafe randomly in the front along with the random roller coaster. I didn't care so much about the theme.

Room: We were lucky because we ordered a 1bed non smoking and the guy at the counter gave us an extra bed for no additional cost. They played well for my buddy Peter S. because he didn't have to sleep on the floor. But the room is what you call janky. As soon as we walked in, I searched endlessly for the light switch. Lo and behold it was on the polar opposite of the room. We were seriously laughing our asses off when we explored the room. Found our smoke detector broken and on the floor. One of our lights didn't work. Our remote didn't work. Great view of the parking structure. One teeeeeeny tube of shampoo SLASH conditioner. Not both. 

We already expected all of this when we bought the rooms, so it wasn't any surprised.. we were too drunk to care.. and just laughed it away. So I guess it was okay. But had we had planned the trip thoroughly and thoughtfully, we would have never been here in the first place.

As I walked down the hallway to where the elevators are, SERIOUSLY, a tile from the roof fell and left a hole on the ceiling. If that tile came close to hitting me.. i probably wouldn't need to gamble to get some money!! But shows you how unreliable and unsturdy the actual building is.

I have learned to never go to vegas on a holiday weekend. And I will never resort to coming to Sahara, unless my accommodations canceled the night before.
This is the worst hotel i have EVER stayed in. Its more like a motel not a hotel. It was dingy, dirty, run down, looked like a haunted house. Plus the room that they put me in stunk sooooo bad i had to leave the window open the whole time. Not to mention that it didn't even look like they cleaned it after the previous guest that stayed there. There was hair all over the bathroom. Garbage between the night stand and the bed.  I will never book this hotel again. People kept saying for the price you pay its worth it. Well, i dont think so at all. For the price of 30 plus a six dollar charge at the time of check in which equals to 36 dollars i could've booked it with circus circus.  Customer service sucked as well. I waited in line for damn near 35 mintues just to check in . The representative at the front desk didn't seem to enjoy there job. No smile, no greeting, not even a hello.  I would give this place no stars if they allowed it. Horrible place.!   oh! not to mention they put me in a room right next to an ice machine that leeked and caused a flood right outside of my room door.
it was cheap, it was clean enough.  the beds were uncomfortable, the non smoking room smelled a little like smoke.  there are no fridges, you can't control the temperature on the thermostat.  it is kinda far from all the action, but has a monorail stop... too bad the monorail costs $5.00 every time you get on it.  oh and the internet is 13 dollars for every 24 hours.  

if you are looking for a really cheap place to stay and some really great people watching, its not terrible but the beds at circus circus are cushier and i've heard stratosphere isn't so bad either.
Do you LOVE the smell of a rotting carcass coming through the AC vent? How about questioning the cleanliness of the sheets/carpet/comfortor? Is being on The Strip important for your high roller social status, but you don't have the $$$? Well, if so, then this is the place for you to stay whilst in Vegas.

Unfortunately, we chose Sahara based solely on price. It is cheap, really cheap. About $50/night for 1 room. Is it worth it? I guess it's okay if you can get really drunk, and just pass out, without taking in the rest of the hotel and room/smells/odors. 

I was, however, impressed by the pool. It was clean, good sun, and nice and refreshing. 

Don't get scammed using the monorail if you are with more than 1 person...the taxi is the cheaper way to go.
After reading the reviews, I expected the worst.
I went in with very, very low expectations.
And I was pleasantly suprised!

I found this to be on par with a roadside motel.
Except this one has a pretty nice pool, 24 food, free booze and $1 blackjack tables.

I also enjoyed the monorail stop.  Unlike some of the larger hotels, this place's monorail stop is very easy to get to.  

I'd stay here again if need be.
the room was free. i feel like i shouldnt complain since i didnt have to pay to stay there but still. im going to. this place is utterly gross. gross, Gross. i left LV with major sinus congestion from the nasty mildewy carpet. and with a rash on my face! due to the slimey water i had to bathe in. which was very inconsistent as far as temperature goes. warm then effing cold then warm. i agree that this place needs to be torn down. G-ROSS.
The Sahara Hotel ruined our wedding anniversary.

Our wedding anniversary is on Halloween. We chose the Sahara based on its price and the room looked really nice on their site. I had made an advanced reservation over the phone and requested a view of the strip, a king size bed, and wi-fi for the room.

We arrived in Vegas yesterday, on Halloween, our 8th wedding anniversary. After 5 hours in the car driving from Orange County, and standing in a 30 minute, 20 guest, 3 employee check-in line, I was furious to find out that they gave away our room. Plus we had checked in early! We were pretty upset and I asked why they did that, and the woman told me that they ran out of rooms. Whatever. So she gave us a new room with double beds and a view of the strip on the 21st floor. They also had not added on the wi-fi like I had asked and we needed to fill out a card for "incidentals", which would be $30 a day... We got our keys and as we headed up to look at the room, we were ambushed by an employee trying to get us to go to a 90 minute presentation at Planet Hollywood for some condo/timeshares they have. He said he would give us $100 cash and tickets to a show. After wasting 5 minutes of our time, I explained that we had just checked in, and we hadn't even seen our room yet. So to get away from him, I told him we'd come back later. He said he wouldn't be there, but because it's our anniversary, he was going to treat us to a magic show at Planet Hollywood, and he handed us a coupon to the show. The coupon expired 4 days ago.

We headed up to the room, and the view of the strip was nonexistent. All we saw were tall hotels blocking the view and a lot of construction. The double beds were not very inviting and my wife was not too happy about being up so high. We headed back downstairs to stand in another long line to be greeted by the same woman who checked us in before.

We told her the situation and she offered us a room on the 20th floor. How is that any better than the 21st? She said if we wanted a king size bed, it would need to be a smoking room. We reluctantly agreed and she put us on the 7th floor. We got the room at about 4pm and the housekeepers were just walking out of it. There was no view of anything except the parking garage and the Hilton down the street, where we had spent our honeymoon 8 years ago, where we had a fantastic time. We figured this was the best it was going to be, so we headed to the disgusting parking garage and got our bags.

We got back to the room, and I took out my Macbook and tried to get online. Everything in the room was unplugged, including the lamp, the TV, and the modem. I plugged everything in and still couldn't get a signal. So I called the front desk where I spoke to a really rude employee who told me I didn't ask for wi-fi and told me it was $12.99 for 24 hours. He then asked me for a credit or debit card. I told him I had already requested it and he said I didn't. I told him I had requested it, and it was for Saturday, Sunday and Monday. He told me he didn't know anything about that, and then he said "Do you want it turned on or not?" WTF is this attitude from all the employees here?! I told him to turn it on, and after 3 more phone calls and 5 more attempts, it finally was up and running.

The more we sat in the room, the more we could smell that nasty cigarette stink. Almost everything we had in the room was instantly tainted with that stink, bags, clothes, even our pillows we brought from home. How could a room that was just cleaned by the housekeeping staff stink so bad? I was beyond enraged by now, and we had only been there about a few hours. We were both miserable because of all of this and I had enough. I told my wife pack up our stuff, we're going home.

We once again got back in a long line and I told the woman there that we wanted to speak to the manager, but he was walking the floor. I guess a guest requesting the manager isn't too important to even ask why. I told the woman I was checking out and I wanted every single penny back that I had spent in their hotel. After I explained to her everything, she wasn't too receptive, but I managed to get back all the money and have it all put back on my card. Also, no apology from her at all.

Heading back to the car, we had to carry all our luggage up 3 flights of stairs because both elevators were now broken.

I will never go back to the Sahara Hotel. I hope after reading this review, it helps you make an informed decision on where to stay when you go to Vegas.
sa-horor.

I rather stay at a motel.

The suite is just a regular crappy room, but bigger. I feel dirty even after I showered... There's no "do not disturb" door signs to put on your door, so early in the morning the cleaning lady comes by and bangs on the door and just opens it before your eyes could even open with a big "HELLLLO?!"

never again... *chills*

I rather spend 500 bucks.
first n last time stay here. staff was friendly. room was dirty. dirty used condom sitting on table and house keeping was just leaving the room when i checked in at 4pm. tried to catch her when i noticed this but she was gone, called front desk but no one ever showed up. hotel needs updates they need to send the employees to "how to clean 101" restroom was so dirty i bought something to clean it with. oh n if can avoid going during thanksgiving weekend do it!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! that's how i felt after the 8+ hour drive back to Cali...ive been to vegas many  many times can find good inexpensive rooms, but here ewwwwwww never again
The Sahara was known as the playground of Elvis, The Beatles and the Rat Pack not that many years ago. If for some reason you didn't know this- the management has obliged you with lots of black and white photos here there and everywhere of their famous guests of the past.

In the 21st century, The Sahara is starting to show its age compared to other newly constructed luxury hotels in Las Vegas, but considering the price differences The Sahara should not be overlooked by the budget conscious.

The Monorail stops right across from the Sahara's Paradise road entrance and can take you to the heart of the strip (and beyond) economically and fast. Airport shuttles serve the Sahara at reasonable rates.

The Sahara has a very nice outdoor pool and other amenities such as the NASCAR Cafe and Sports bar as well as a cozy comedy club and night club.

There are inexpensive dining options nearby as well as fast food if you prefer or are on a budget.

The Sahara casino offers the normal slots, video poker and table games and also has a great players club program that can be used for discounts in most of the shops and restaurants in the Sahara.

The in-room internet service is provided by Cox Communications and is available for the princely sum of $12.99 per 24 hour usage. Please note that there are other less expensive wireless internet providers such as Boingo that can provide internet service for as low as $7.99 per 24 hour usage. Check the signal strength of the other providers from your room before using the "house" service. 

If you are looking for a basic, clean and comfortable room in Las Vegas at an affordable price, give The Sahara a close look. If you prefer something newer and shinier, other hotels on Las Vegas Boulevard are more than eager to take your money.
Of the Vegas hotels I've stayed at, this place ranks above only the airport Travelodge and the only reason I stayed at the TL was someone stupidly scheduled our meeting during CES. Think 1970's motel, including the pizza delivery flyers strewn about the hallway and under your door. My room was clean and decently large and that's all the positives I can think of. Did I mention the tattoo parlor opposite the front desk? A discount is included in your fun pack when you check in.

It's clear there have been improvements in recent years but in a rather haphazard fashion, so the Nascar theme area is new (and sparsely attended) but the rooms, hotel area, and casino look like they haven't been renovated in about 25 years. There were none of the typical amenities in a newer hotel/motel like flat screen TV, coffee maker, or room safe.

Beware of the annoying mandatory "resort" fee of $6/day. I object to this practice as it's a hidden surcharge you discover either when you've booked or started checking in and should be included in the room rate if it's mandatory. In any event, I didn't see any resort and I certainly wouldn't have paid a cent to use it. Maybe they'll start charging us a flushing fee next?

The location is at the extreme north end of the strip and none of the Vegas sights are nearby. However, the monorail and "deuce" doubledecker bus are conveniently close. I didn't ride the monorail but it appears to get you to their limited stops a lot faster but at a higher price. The deuce is a modern doubledecker bus which runs between Downtown and the south end of the strip. A 24 hour ticket is also good for other bus lines if you wanted to go away from the strip. Some major places like LV Hilton, the convention center, and Hard Rock hotel are off the strip. Patience will be needed at busy times, however, as traffic and hicks who've never ridden a bus will slow progress to a fast walk.

In conclusion, if you're looking for a cheap place to stow your stuff, take a nap, and attend to your hygiene while in Vegas, you might give it a try but it ain't the Venetian.
1.5 Stars.
Run down and ready to leave for Vegas.
This used to be a pretty nice place back in the days, but it really needs to go.  The parking lot is ghetto and that is the same for the rest hotel/casino.  We came here to the buffet last year during the winter and they only run at dinner time because of the low crowd.  The ventilation is horrible (my non-smoking lungs got so dried up from all the smoke here!).  They also charge a nice 28$ cancellation fee if you don't cancel before 72 hours of your check-in time.  That's pretty hefty because we decided to cancel only 4 hours after making the reservation!  Oh well, I won't be coming back because I get comped hotel rooms elsewhere.
Great price $24/day

I mean who does anything in their hotel in vegas besides sleep anyways. The room was clean. Parking was ok. Shampoos are teeny though.

The limits in the casino are great if you aren't a high roller. Staff was very friendly. I'd highly recommend the joint. Just a bit a ways from the heart of the Strip
Ok, I actually liked the Sahara. Stayed there last October and plan on staying there again when I go back to Vegas this year. It is not the nicest, but we had a suite on the 18th floor and it was very spacious. Had a living room, a wet bar, nice bedroom and bathroom and a balcony with a FABULOUS view. The casino is big, but not too big that it is a 45 minute trek to find your party in it. The hotel really has everything you need. There was even a tattoo parlor! Biggest complaint was that the pool was absolutely freezing. The water could not have been above 50 degrees. Yes, it was that cold.
This place is the armpit of The Strip.

The funny thing about Vegas is that you can judge a lot from the condition of the restrooms.   The super high-end places are sparkling clean and have guys waiting to give you hand towels.  The mid-range places are unattended but still astoundingly-clean.  The Sahara had a "Caution: Wet Floor" stand pushed against the urinal, this amongst what looked and smelled like piss on the floor.  Used paper towels strewn all over the place, unflushed toilets with you-know-what inside. I kind of wanted to puke all over the floor, but then again I doubt anyone would have noticed.

Okay, glad that's out of my system.  The rest of the casino just looks dingy.  The prevalence of the NASCAR theme inside did a lot to make me really truly hate this place.  The only saving grace here is that they have $1 blackjack but there are some seriously questionable characters sitting at these tables.  It's like they airlifted the largest trailer in the world into Vegas and spray-painted "SAHARA" on the side.

Please, do yourself a favor and visit another casino.
When I made my first visit to Vegas nearly eight years ago, I ended up staying here due to its location and low price.  The Stardust was still alive, as was Star Trek at the Hilton, and there was still of a "playground" mentality about Vegas.

Times have changed, haven't they?

Whereas some of my favorite places have gone the way of the dodo in less than a decade, I still retain a bit of nostalgic fondness for the Sahara.  It's one of the last few "original" casinos still left on the Strip, and none of the new places can boast that they had acts like the Rat Pack, Elvis, the Beatles and Liberace.  Not IMPERSONATORS, but the actual real people.  No matter how swanky the new places are, they'll never be able to top that.

But that doesn't mean all of that dewy-eyed nostalgia makes me oblivious to the current condition of the Sahara.

The place needs a fresh coat of paint, some new carpeting, some better ventilation (read: "smoky"), a little bit of TLC.  Seriously, how much would it kill them to just do some spit and polish on the place?  And then of course, there's the whole "NASCAR" thing, which I never see anyone use, and makes as much sense to the desert/middle eastern setting as armpits would on a banana slug.  Seriously, it's time to upgrade to a more relevant theme.  And maybe it's just me, but the tattoo parlor inside seems like such an odd choice for a casino shop.

But I will say for the 3 times that I had stayed there over the years, I never had a problem with the service or my room.  Mind you, this was before I moved here over two years ago, so if anything's changed, I can't comment on that.

The rooms are cheap, the buffet is one of the cheaper on the Strip (it's not amazing food, but it's not bad, either), and if you look at the signage on the wall, you can figure out what room the Beatles stayed in (the door frame looks a little different than the others).

The Sahara has a very long lived history, and in itself, it's a piece of history.  With the old casinos constantly on the "endangered species" list, with threats of a wrecking ball always looming in rumors and speculation, I don't know if it will see another 50.  Not in the current state that it's in.

A little bit of cleaning and restoration would go a long way with the place.  While Vegas is all about trashing its own history without a second's afterthought, I'm of the mindset that some things should be preserved, and restored to their former glory.

Bottom line: It's showing its age, and could use a fair bit of care, but it's a cheap stay, and an interesting piece of Strip life from the 1950's.  So take that as you will.
I see why people stay here. But it just doesn't belong anymore...it's too old. I mean it, SUPER old. It's got cigarette stains everywhere. It either needs to be remodeled or torn down. Not worth your money, go to Excalibur if you're that desperate.
This place was clean and really cheap.  But it definitely doesn't look like they have changed any of the fixtures/carpet/etc since their heyday when Elvis visited! Lots of cigarette burns, smelly hallways, and worn out carpets. Good to stay at if you are just sleeping in the room (clean sheets!) but go somewhere else if you expect anything more than that.
My gosh some people are brutal on here! IF you came here thinking it was the second coming of Bellagio then it's your fault not the Sahara's! It is what it is, one of the older hotels on the strip, maybe a bit run down, however, let's take into light the positives;

1. Super cheap, I mean I've had car washes cost more then the rate of this place per night. 

2. You're still ON the strip, as opposed to places like Rio and Palms or any other hotel off the strip.

3. You get a bit of the old Vegas feel. 

4. With places like this, that cost so much less then the other big guys, especially in this economy, it will create tactful competition, causing others to lower their prices as well. 

Let's face it, the money you pay to stay at a hotel is almost pure profit. That's why hotels can comp your room and still take you for a ride. Why not save on your lodging costs and put that towards better restaurants, shopping and booze! 

If you're planning a romantic get-away with a gold digger you're trying to impress, don't stay here. If, however, you're looking for a good time, and you're on a budget, head on over to Sahara!
Although it's definitely no longer glamorous, it serves its purpose! I mean, really, all you do is SLEEP and shower there anyway, and most of the time you don't even notice the conditions because you are too drunk (or should be) anyway. It's on the strip, though a bit far from some of the main attractions. When we walked in, the first thing we noticed was that the floor had burn marks in it from the iron. Pillows were lumpy and stiff AND the ice dispenser was broken. However, it was clean. The people at the front desk were friendly, and check in and out was fast and easy. For $73 on a Saturday night, booked the day of, it wasn't bad at all (we were in Alexandria tower).

Overall, for a broke college student only there to party, it's FINE!
Very dated Casino, staff at the check in/out desk was extreamly rude, not only to me but to several folks in line. Buffet was closed during our entire stay.  Room was substandard. A/C didn't work in our room. we had to be moved. Come on no A/C in Vegas? We were baking in our room. I'm sure in it's hay day this probably was "The Hot Spot" but those days have come and gone. If your just looking for a place to drop your bags and grab a shower on or near the strip this is your place. If you expect anything more try your luck some where else. You will be disappointed. You get what you pay for here. Very Little.
This is a review of the Sahara's poker room.  I've never stayed at the Sahara but I love their poker room.  It's not fancy-schmancy like the Wynn's room but they have a decent number of tables (15) and games going on, $2-$4 with a single $2 blind, $1-$4-$8 ($1-$2 pre-flop).  They have a good tournament too at 11am, 7pm, and 11pm.  It's a $40 buy in for 1500 in chips with an optional $20 rebuy or add-on within the first hour.    The dealers are pretty nice and I've seen some semi-pro's play here.  There's a lot of locals playing too.  This place offers my favorite tournament on the strip because it's cheap to buy in with a good size pot at the end.  Plus there's no smoking.
This is the cheapest place on the strip...I won a poker jackpot here in the the poker room so I love this place, they have a lot of good deals and if you book hotels.com and then call the Sahara they will match the price and you don't have to pay the hotels.com service fees and all that muck, plus they have nice big new plasmas on the top floor they just got in about 8 months ago for only like $10 more.....
THE nastiest hotel I've ever seen! I'm surprised that we didn't find used needles, condoms and bedbugs!

  What we did find (and I'll upload a pic of), a nice blue-green ring around the bathtub and what looked like a little drip of sh*t on the side of the tub. 

  I ended up switching rooms 3 times, finally I just accepted the fact that the entire hotel is trash and there is no way I'm going to be comfortable if I'm staying here.

   If ALL you can afford is a $20 hotel in Vegas, then you probably shouldn't be going to Vegas at all. Just save your pennies and wait until you can afford something a little nicer. 
  
  If you were like me and had a cheap boss, I'm so sorry. See if you can possibly make your own hotel arrangements.
From start to finish, this was a bad experience.
I have stayed there a few times before and while it is not glamorous, it was at least clean but this time was dreadful.
My reservation was messed up which caused a delay at check-in, the non-smoking room reeked of smoke, the bathroom was filthy. There was a long hair in the bathroom sink and mildew in various places in the tub. The faucet and other fixtures were dirty also and the floor was sticky.
The TV reception was dreadful and when you tried to turn down the volume it would become extremely loud and you needed to turn it off to stop the noise.
 
Breakfast in the Caravan cafe was OK but the service was horrible.
The crowd has gone down hill also, as the night got later it became more and more seedy and we weren't too comfortable on the casino floor (especially the party pit).
I would not recommend staying at the Sahara and will not be doing it again myself.
Great poker room.  Played the 11pm tournament for $45 buy in with an optional $20 re-buy/add on within the first hour.  Although the casino is not nice by any means, it's a great place for cheap tournaments.
Anyone who would rate this hotel below a four is an elitist pig. There, I said it. With cheap drinks, access to the monorail and $1 beers hot  dogs and black jacks, this is one of the best deals on the strip. With $20 rooms, how can you go wrong? Especially considering that no beds have been filled with dead bodies or drugs needles, one should go and experience some of the old style, Rat Pack era Vegas hotel.
This is listed as a 3 stars hotel. When I think of a 3 star hotel in Vegas, I think of: Bally's, or Harrah's, or even Imperial Palace. Sahara is none of the above. Sahara is so. much. worse.

When you walk in, you see gray, heavily stained carpet and you smell strong, disgusting, cigarette smoke everywhere you go. This hotel is so dirty that my husband and I didn't even want to walk around the casino let alone use their facilities (they charge you $6 a day for facility fees, by the way). 

When we checked in, they gave us a room with 2 twin beds. We brought this to the front desk's attention and they said that they'll "take care of it" and move us to a king sized bed the next day. Next day came and went, I called the hotel 4 times during the day and the front desk NEVER answered. When we got back to the hotel, the front desk told us that we should have checked for availability at 9am, a fact that NO ONE mentioned. I had to wake up at 8:30 the following morning to bug the front desk (again) for them to move us. 

Our room was a "non-smoking" room, yet the room still reeked of stale smoke. There is virtually no ventilation system and I woke up every morning with a massive headache. The housekeeping busted in on us half naked. She opened the door WHILE knocking. The shower didn't drain properly and I was standing in a pool of dirty soap water by the end of it. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in the United States and will NEVER come back again.
Old Vegas with a flare.  Can't beat the old hotel down anymore than it has done to itself.  It's always fun to stay and play at Sahara.  Food is good, if comped.  Especially at the Caravan Cafe.  It's always fun to take in a free show or two, too!  Great location, right next to the tram and just before Downtown Las Vegas.  Must stop by here and check out what the old days used to be like.  Oh yeah, in case you forget you're at the Sahara, just take a look at the cocktail waitresses.  They've been there for at least 30 years.  Remember though, tip well, they'll keep em coming all night long.
Okay, the price of a room here is low...but keep in mind that everything else here follows suit exactly: the quality, service, appearance, effort to keep customers happy...all very low

It wasn't entirely disgusting like some of the small seedy motels you'll find just north of here, but it's just not a place that screams relaxation. Especially when a water main broke, causing our room's bathroom ceiling to spill what we hope was potable water all over our toiletries. 

Not much was offered in terms of compensation (i.e. free buffet--we're starving college kids, damnit!), just a few beer tickets. Then one of the two elevators allowing access to our ancient tower broke down right as everyone and their mother arrived to check in.

This building isn't looking too good on the inside. A major structural overhaul is likely out of financial reach, but funds to at least freshen up the decor would go a long way toward higher guest morale. I'm sure this place was pure swank when it opened over half a century ago, but too many things were uncomfortably off or have been left in disrepair for too long.

To be fair, the pool area is nice, wind-free and clean enough. We didn't give the food offerings a try, but the drinks here are plain gross. 

I'm not sure why this plave deserves a second star. It hardly does. I guess it's the low price...but then again, I can travel not too far down the strip to find an incredible increase in quality for not much more money.
Its funny, I just read and article , that Sahara Hotel is offering $1 rooms. Well, From the Dirty car park to the smelly halls. A security guard, sitting in the hallway, (monitoring a electro/ fire alarm box.) Weird, they had the electro box open and a fan blowing on it!..The room, pretty , well , dont bring your black light!
 So good luck. bring your own sheets, and dont walk around around the room with out shoes.
The rooms aren't as bad as some people on here are saying.  Yes, it IS an older hotel, but the rooms aren't horrible.  They did, however, feel like the rooms in the hotels on Fremont Street.  The Sahara was one of the cheapest places to stay on the strip, and you get what you pay for.  Checking in was ridiculous. I checked in at a non-peak time and there were only 4 people in front of me.  It took 20 minutes and then the hotel *claimed* that they didn't have the room type I requested TWO MONTHS prior (1 King Bed, either smoking or not).  It was a Thursday night so I know they were lying because they wanted us to upgrade.  We didn't upgrade and switched rooms the next day.  The front desk staff was rude.  They really put me in a horrible mood.  Most of the bartenders are rude as well.  Despite this, however, the stay wasn't awful.  The location, while "on" the strip is at the very end.  Thankfully, the hotel has a monorail stop, so we had unlimited access to the strip.  It is perfect if you are on a budget, but if you have a few extra dollars to spend I recommend somewhere newer and more central on the strip.
I've stayed here a number of times. It has gone from a 3-star hotel that was cheap and halfway decent, to a kinda sleazy 1-star establishment that is worse than some interstate motels in which I've stayed. Every time I've visited it's gone more and more downhill.

First the good: it's got a pool (though it's tiny, it still has one). The rooms are cheap. The tables are cheap. There's a monorail station at the back of the lobby.

Now everything else: The rooms are not great. They are in desperate need of remodeling and renovations, and upgrading out of the 80s. Stuff just seems to be falling apart. Dirty fixtures, stained carpets, just generally cheap & unclean. 

The breakfast buffet is disgusting. Pay a little extra and go to one of the nicer hotels for brunch. The food was inedible. When you can fashion a waffle into a make-shift shiv, you know you're in for a bad time.

Room service is expensive, and they charge you for every other amenity. $14 for internet? $5 a page to print out airline boarding passes? What? 

The last time I stayed there I awoke one morning with bites all over my neck, shoulder, and arms. All they did for me is move me to another room. No upgrade. No apology. That was the last straw. I'm not staying there again. 

The hotel was bought out fairly recently (in the last 3-5 years or so), and with that I hoped that they'd renovate and bring it back up to its former glory, but it seems like it's just gone to hell.
Please spend the extra cash on a better hotel, even if its off the strip. Sahara is not worth it. 

1)A fun weekend with my girlfriends and I, was what I was expecting. We arrive in what seems like an old and dirty parking structure. There was absolutely no maintenance. Inside the parking structure, the walls where filthy and full of what seemed to be peoples footprints on the wall . I guess it was the thing to do inside the parking structure. No one bothered to clean or paint over the walls. 

2) We arrive at check in. I'm not making this up, we were the next guest to be seen in line, it took approx 45 minutes to be seen. The line was out the door for people that needed to check in. They had only ONE person working the front desk. As I'm waiting to check us in, my girlfriend goes outside by the pool, in search of a cocktail. The bartender ignores her for about 3-5 minutes. My friend finally asks for his help and a drink. 

3) We start walking to our rooms, elevators are old and smelly. The hall ways stink and not to mention, there was old, tore down wall paper. We enter out room and I swear to god, i felt like we were staying at a mobile home park. The bathroom was tiny, bath tub was old, old wall paper etc. Beds were old 
and smelly. Carpet was dirty, i had to wear my sandals to get around. Everything is just plain old and not updated. We had a HORRIBLE view, we had windows that's wouldn't shut, YES would not shut!!!! We couldn't even leave our valuables inside for fear of theft. The lock and handles were broken from the windows. 

4) Room service was not in sight for hours. I kid you not, I saw a neighbors room service i.e plates, cups, old food with flies around it my whole weekend there! No one bothered to even pick it up 

Good things- Nascar cafe Yum! Hotel rooms are cheap
Sahara is the story of why sometimes it's better to take a casino out back and implode it rather than let it fester.  Back in as little as 2005 this casino was a great investment for a room and a little walk.  The monorail, also a better deal back then, could get you up into the heart of The Strip easy.  

Now it's just a pale imitation of better times in Vegas, and it feels more like Travelodge than say Bill's Gamblin' Hall.   And that place is next to the Bellagio for the same money!  I loved you Sahara, but you've gotten old.
Geez... this place is a shit hole!

My husband and I stayed here this week.. we were suppose to stay here for 2 nights ( I already paid for our stay on orbitz) but we checked out a day early.. I'd rather loose the night I paid for then to stay another night in that dump!!

It took 5 hours to check in..the lady was RUDE!! I asked to speak to the person in charge and I asked where the hell did that $8.00 hr. making biiioootch get off coping an attitude with me and everyone in the check in line?? He gave me no answer and basically told me to get lost..asshole..

Once we finally got to our room, I was dissapointed. It stunk like smoke ( we had a non-smoking room) and the carpet looked filthy! The bathroom was crappy, no water pressure in the shower.. boy, I could go on and on..

To sum it all up..

I would never stay here again or recommend it to anyone, not even my worst enemy :)
My husband and I stayed here the weekend of June 5. We knew it was a cheaper, run down property but we had no idea how bad it was. They tried to save money wherever they could and it was obvious. It was 107 outside that weekend but the air conditioning only worked in your room and on the casino floor, not in the elevators or the hallway to your room. Even the a/c in your room was controlled by the hotel, not you. We were upgraded to a junior suite for free and I would have hated to see the superior room we were supposed to get. The hall to our room reeked of marijuana. In our room there was exposed wiring on two walls, no headboard at all, no clock anywhere. The lamp on the bedside table had multiple burn marks on it. When we arrived on Friday night, there were only 2 people working the check in desk. The line was so long we were going to miss our dinner reservation so my husband fished his nice clothes out of his suitcase and changed in the lobby bathroom. He came out and said the bathroom was disgusting, and that it was of "Gas station quality." This is coming from a guy. The amenities in the bathroom consisted of one bottle of shampoo and one bar of soap, nothing else. The median age of the cocktail waitresses is 45 and the poker room looks like a bingo parlor in an old folks home. You can get a much better hotel for the same price on hotwire. Don't stay here. The property is old and dumpy and the location is a bad part of town. You don't want to be walking around at night there.
Stayed here for 1 night as we limited time in Vegas. Its really not a bad spot if you want something cheap and won't be in your room long. 

Yes, with a cheap place you're going to have some downfalls. The place is old so parts of it look very dingy. The TV in the rooms are straight from the 1995 Best Buy collection. The decor is really dated. My floor smelled like marijuana late one night and early the next morning reaked of chef boyardee products. But really, who doesn't love spaghetti-o's?!?!? 

To me this is a decent place if you're out and about in Vegas and want to spend money on other things than a room.
Poor,Poor Sahara. And Poor, Poor ME for not heeding the advice of fellow yelpers!
On our trip home from Vegas we wrote a Haiku for the Sahara:

Home Sweet Sahara
Blood Stained Floor, Muggy Hallways
Get what you pay for.

That about sums it up! Seriously. I fat blood stain on the floor....A little kitchen TV on the dresser, and some dust from the beatles last stay there.
Whatever, It was DIRT cheap (emphasis on dirt) and we were probably in our room for 15 hours or so.
It is probably one of the only hotels on the strip where you can shamelessly wander around in your pajamas all day throughout the casino....but it's also the only one where everyone else looks like they're doing exactly that as well.
The bartender Tim was very kind and helpful....
Rick Thomas (ref. Rick Thomas and The Magic of Tigers-Yelp, by me)
Whatever, $1 shot was totally not worth the stomach ache it caused and the dollar beers were the only steal for us vegetarians.
Pay the 10 extra, per night and stay at the Riviera, I swear. It is a poor man's dream with plasma TVs there.
Honestly, in kind of inconvenienced our whole trip...
you live, you learn.
This review is also just for the casino. We stumbled into this place in the middle of the night, and aren't big gamblers. However blackjack is fun, and the $1 or $2 blackjack was perfect for us! This casino is super divey, I think the $1 beer special was Miller High Life, but if you can appreciate that its a great place to enjoy some low stress gaming!
This review is for the casino part of Sahara:

I love gambling in Sahara because it is one of the few casinos that still have $5 black jack tables on the strip. Most of the hotels got rid of the $5 and the lowest are $10 tables. However, when you are a college student, you don't really have a lot of money to play $10 or more tables. The dealers there are very friendly and the cocktail waitresses are very fast in bringing you drinks. If you leave your table for a minute, they leave the drinks for you which is very nice of them. A lot of casinos have waitresses that if you leave will just keep the drink because they don't want to serve drinks and not get tips. I would go again and again for $5 tables, especially since I won money.
I've been staying here for years, but they've recently taken a turn for the worse.  Too bad.  I dug the location, price, and pool, but... no more.  The place is grimy and overcrowded.  Yet, the thing that bothered me the most is that the pool was dirty and you can't bring beverages from the casino to the poolside.
I used to love The Sahara. It was our exclusive spot whenever we hit Vegas. The Sahara was super inexpensive, great to gamble in (low minimum tables, not super crowded, fun dealers), and just generally low key, like us. Plus it has that super retro feeling, like it is still glamorous to be in Vegas. Great times.

Oh, Sahara. What has happened? Returning to you, after this 4 years absence, is like running into an old friend who used to just like to "party" but whose life took a serious dive that now requires some kind of 12 step program.

Where do I begin?

Our "Premium" room? I can't decide which was worse - the smells or the stains. I can't even begin to imagine what we would have ended up in had we not spent the extra money for that room. The shower was a weak little trickle and the beds were creepily low to the ground.

Your surly employees (but friendly bartenders) made us feel uncomfortable at every turn. I know we didn't pay a lot to stay here but we did pay enough to not be treated like we were inconveniencing you with our horribly high maintenance requests (can we get a cab? can we have a towel? is there anywhere to get food at 3 in the am?)  I swear the employees know the end is nigh - they just don't give a hoo-ha.

They are trying weird things to save this floundering dump. (I felt my heart hurt when I called my beloved Sahara a dump just then.) They put in a tattoo/piercing shop but the cafe is no longer 24 hours; we had to walk down to Stratosphere for late night eats. They put in dollar blackjack tables by the Nascar cafe (in the weird ghost town part of the hotel that gets no traffic whatsoever). They are promoting the hell out of their player's club, too. 

Everything we touched had a layer of filth on it. Buttons stuck on the video poker machines (all of them - I swear.) and the bar had this sticky film on it that felt like that house we lived in during "college". Not in a good way.

By the end of the weekend, we had decided that was our final hurrah with the old girl. It's time to move on. I just don't have time to wash my hands that many times when I am trying to play blackjack. I need somewhere to eat at 4 in the morning. I would like a room where all of the light bulbs work. And I just might be willing to dip into my gambling budget to get there.

So long, Sahara. I will be watching with a tear in my eye when they finally dynamite you. But really, I wish some mogul would come along and restore you to the Rat Pack, retro Vegas, original gangster that I know you can be.
I had a moment while in Vegas last week where I thought about the fact I had been coming to this town for 25 years.  Strolling down memory lane in my head, I thought about the time before most of the strip casinos even existed.  The Mirage, TI, Bellagio, Paris, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, New York New York among others did not exist. The "happening" part of the strip consisted of The Rivera, Circus Circus area.  So In this moment I did feel old and maybe that is why I am not as negative as some when it comes to the Sahara Hotel.  Yes, the hotel is definitely is in need of a re-model but overall it is a great value, cheap rooms, cheap food and drinks and yes, you can still find $1 blackjack.  I love the fact it is a stop on the Monorail line and for $9 dollars a day it will shuttle you up and down the strip.  One drawback is that it is difficult to find anything to eat late at night, as the café does not stay opened 24 hours and the only choice we could find was sandwiches or salads at the walk up coffee shop.  So if you are looking for a budget hotel on the strip, this might be the place for you.  PS....I still miss the Stardust!
cheap hotel. very very cheap. you've seen all the reviews below me so no need to emphasize on that but really my room wasn't too bad, me and my boyfriend got a suite for 60$ a night, cheap but decent. not good by any means but whatev we were in the room for all of 7 8 hours  each night for only 2 nights so not to incredibly awful. but probably won't stay here again.
on the casino, they still have the 3 dollar tables for blackjack and some pretty good slots.
a cute cafe thats good inside of it to. 
so exactly like the 2 star review states "meh. ive experienced better."
Ok, I am a VIP to this Hotel and I will tell you now...this hotel is not for everyone, but for those with a budget. Sahara is one of the oldest hotels with the Tropicana. It does not have the glamor of CityCenter or the Luxury of Wynn Hotels. It may have been luxurious back in the 50s, but were now in 2010. 

The Sahara Hotel has a very old parking lot and you will notice that you will have to drive through the garage with caution. Our cars are bigger than those of the past. Some cars/trucks will block a lane and one car can go through, while the other waits. Depending where you park, BE WARNED. the north side parking garage elevators are broken. If you enter from Vegas Blvd, those elevators work.

I walk in and I used the VIP Line, while there is a long line waiting for their rooms. Unfortunately, they did not have any balcony rooms available. They assign me the Tunisa Towers, Room 806. It is a simple small room. Rooms are just simple. Don't expect too much from this place. Don't expect Paris Hilton or Wayne Brady showing up here.

My room was free and free has no complaints. I had no problems and I used it as a backup room. If anyone complains, then you should go pay more for the Wynn Hotel.

Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
Ah, the Sahara. Its one of the older Hotels on the strip so going into it I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, and I was right. But you really do get what you pay for. 
As far as the rooms go, we got a smoking room which apparently is in the oldest part of the hotel, and has not had any recent renovations. The furniture was all chipped, but the beds were pretty comfortable. The AC worked great, shower and hair dryer all worked. The only real bad thing about the room was the light by the bed didnt work, but that didnt really bother us, there were plenty of other lights.
FOOD:
I don't like that nothing is open 24 hours food wise. well thats not entirely true, theres a cafe that serves seattles best coffee and crispy cream donuts and a few other things but thats about it. The nascar cafe was actually very good. The waitresses were kind of rude and frumpy, but the food and margaritas were good. Everytime we were there someone was trying to do the B3 challenge (they have to eat a giant burrito in so much time), so that was pretty entertaining.

overall the place was cheap, the people were rude, the machines dont pay crap, and I wouldnt recomend it to someone that wants a luxurious vegas getaway.

If however you want a place where you can lay low and crash for a decent rate this is the place for you. If you want to stay on the strip for cheap,  and have easy access to a monorail, and the duece stop going downtown, this place is for you. If your a pothead and you want to be able to smoke in your room but dont want the maids to rat you out this place is for you! (just bring extra towels and dont get housecleaninggg!)

ok overview

good: cheap, nascar cafe burgers,curly fries, and margaritas, monorail access, privacy  ;)

BAD: outdated, rude, old waitresses/ other employees,crappy 4ft deep pool, not good for late night munchies, slots dont pay out,
'Fleabag hotel' would be a fair description of this one. When I stayed over there two years ago, the lighting in the reception area was hypnotic. What really bummed me out, however, was the dinginess. It seemed the carpet in my room hadn't been vacuumed for days. I also saw spots and fibers on the sheets, too. Well I didn't even wanna think about their sources. Fortunately bathroom was not so bad, but there wasn't any disposable slippers. I called and was told they didn't have any. Seriously?! I couldn't help overestimating the risk of catching some bacterial or viral strain, so I literally sacked out for three days. Horrible experience. To top it off, TV in my room had virtually no signal, and the hotel is about 2 miles away from the busy stretch of the Strip. If somebody you hate is gonna travel to Vegas, suggest him/her to stay here!
You know what the Sahara is? It's A-OK. 

It's a weird, faded, not-at-all classy place where it takes a long time to check in and the dealers aren't hotties and you can walk around the lobby with a tallboy in your hand and nobody cares. The pool is full of friendly rednecks and colorful weirdos, and the outdoor bar has Miller High Life on draft. It's dirt cheap and attracts what my mother would call a "certain element." The lifeguards look like 19-year-old emo punk-rockers decked out in crazy tattoos and piercings. The casino is cheeseball central with Moroccan-themed carpeting and gaudy chandeliers. There's a crazy little club called the Casbah where a live band plays standards, and a NASCAR section that I never even found. The rooms are fine: Mine was clean, cold, and boring. I spent about four waking minutes in there, total.

Point being, the Sahara is what it is. It's cheaper than the other places because it's lower wattage and lower grade. It's not for everyone, but if you find charm in chintzy, slightly down-and-out old hotels, it might be the place for you. Years from now, when it's been torn down and replaced by the Miragio MGM Wynndalay Bay, we'll reminisce fondly about back in the day when you could get a room on the Strip for 25 bones a night, in a hotel that had $1 blackjack and $3 craps. Do yourself a favor and get in on this deal while it lasts. The old girl's still got a little life in her yet.
By far the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. We drove through a cloud of black billowing smoke to get to the parking garage. Only one elevator, kind-of worked in the garage the whole time. The lobby carpets had not been vacuumed or shampooed in some time. The front desk staff was rude. The hotel elevators stunk. On our floor, there was a room service tray outside our room that stayed out in the hall our entire stay. We never got housekeeping service, and apparently neither did the last few people who 
stayed in our room. The beds were stained, the carpet dirty and filled with dust bunnies. The walls were smeared with who knows what? The ceiling above the air conditioner was black, there were cigarette burns all over the place, in our non smoking room! Half of the public restrooms were closed our entire stay. I was overcharged by $6 a day for a facility fee, when asked the Assistant Hotel Manager Shawnena Lincoln first said it was a tax, then it was a resort fee, then it was a cleaning fee and I was going to pay it! I disputed the charges with my credit card. We ate at the Nascar Cafe and their other, cafeteria style restaurant. The other restaurant was never open. Nascar makes up for their horrible food by giving you Tons of it. We had to endure someone attempting to eat their giant burrito right in front of our table. He vomited up all over just as our food arrived! We lost our appetite, they still made us pay. I don't know what happened to this hotel, but man have they lost their way. Management needs to be turned over here!
My friend and I checked in on a Thursday.  There was only one person working the front desk.  We get our room keys and proceed to our room.  When we walked inside, one of the beds was unmade with a pair of dirty boxers on top, there was urine in the toilet, and condom wrappers and fresh stains on the floor.  We called down to the front desk to alert them to the situation and, rather than apologize or offer to come to us, we were asked to come back down.

When we got downstairs, there were a few people waiting in line to check in.  We approached the bell desk and told him that we had a problem with our initial room and did not feel like waiting again to have the problem corrected.  He scoffed at us and said "there's only one person in line!" as the people ahead of them had already moved up.  Many of the staff members had equally as poor of an attitude: Some of them were nice, but in general they ran hot and cold.  We spoke with a manager who "upgraded" our room to the 26th floor.  I had requested a smoking room, but there were no upgrades available in smoking.  Additionally, he waived the $6 facility fee - my bank statement does not yet reflect this credit back to my account.  Looks like I'll have to make a phone call.

Our 2nd room was clean, had a view, and a larger TV.  The rooms were nothing special and the beds were a bit on the hard side, but the hotel did have potential.  The housekeeping service certainly left something to be desired.  We only had our room cleaned once during our 4-night stay - since we had valuables in the room and no safe, we only opted to have the room cleaned when we needed fresh towels.  Unfortunately, wanting fresh towels was asking too much.  Two of the towels delivered to the room were stained with makeup.  One of them was even folded and hanging with the stain facing outwards.  The staff was apparently oblivious to this.  Also, every night we would receive coupons under our door for a local pizza place.  Many of the guests would toss their coupons out into the hallway.  We would leave the hotel at 4 in the afternoon and return as late as 12 hours later.  The coupons would still be in the hallway, which proves to me that no one was so much as doing a sweep of the hotel.

Our neighbors next to us were extremely loud and would come in at 3 am or later - blaring music, talking/singing/laughing loudly, having people in/out, and smoking (cigarettes and marijuana) on a non-smoking floor.  Although I smoke, I am going to respect the rules of the hotel.  When I called down to the front desk to complain, they offered to move us.  Not wanting to move again, they instead sent a security guard to the room.  The message was not well received by our neighbors - every night they stayed there was a repeat of the obnoxious noise.  I mean, it's Vegas, go party on the strip... you can take your drinks with you!!  On the last night they stayed, they received a phone call to their room.  It was their friend, Olivia, who works at the hotel warning them that security was, once again, on their way.  Obviously, Olivia does not value her job very much.

Our last night in the casino, we saw another hotel guest in a screaming match with a member of the staff.  I do not condone this behavior, however found it quite interesting that she mentioned that there was feces in the toiled when she checked in to her room.  Her and her significant other were also moved to the 26th floor.  Apparently, it is not uncommon for these things to happen at the Sahara.

When I initially read the reviews for the Sahara, I did not see anything like what I am writing now.  They did have bad reviews, but I chocked it up to people expecting to pay super low rates for a really fancy hotel.  If you want to stay somewhere inexpensive that's actually CLEAN and cares about their guests, try Harrah's or the Stratosphere - STAY FAR AWAY FROM THE SAHARA!!!
Sahara has been good to us in the past. Cheap rooms, decent strip location, plus its right off the freeway. 

My gf and I stayed again for three nights this past weekend, and WHOA has the place gone downhill. The service has just gotten horrible, they've just thrown in the towel. 

On Sunday morning the power in our room went out (mind you it's close to 100 degrees outside, and no AC in the room). I called downstairs and they blamed it on Nevada power, and said it would be fixed within the hour. An hour and a half later, I call back, and they say it'll be yet another hour. I asked for some kind of reimbursement or comp, before the words were done coming out of my mouth, they replied with "Oh I'm so sorry, we won't be doing any of that today".

So we're trapped in our rooms, we haven't left cause we need to shower at least, especially with no AC, we were sweating more than a priest at a preschool. So another hour rolls by, and FINALLY the lights come back on. I jump in the shower, and I kid you not, the lights go off again. IT'S PITCH BLACK in the shower, greeeeeat! As I finish my shower and plan and exit strategy without slipping and breaking all bones, the lights come back on, but won't stop flickering. 

Anyways, since the power outage, the AC never worked properly and the rest of our stay in that room was murder. Lukewarm air being pumped into our already warm room. 

You did us wrong Sahara, and we were on YOUR side!
I remember going to Sahara when I was really young.. (like 10) and really enjoyed the arcade there...  As I've gotten older, my interest in Sahara has faded dramatically due to all the luxury and the opulence that other mega casinos has to offer... well, I'm a total sucker for nice things in life such as brands and atmosphere so I nearly completely fade out from Sahara... But during Labor Day weekend since my buddy stays here all the time and he suggested the cheap rates that they were offering, decided to give it another shot.

Checking in was good for us because we got there at 5:00AM!  Who in their right minds would be up at 5am to either check in or out right?  So there wasn't any lines and we were taken cared of immediately... (Not the case in the morning as the line is probably as long as any Disneyland rides during summer!)  

Got to our room and was nothing to be excited about...  (Again the snob in me was spoiled rotten after stays at Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian, Aria, etc...)  Thin walls where we can hear people walking upstairs, people talking next door, etc...  Cold looking restroom floors with simple amenities which is not there to impress anyone...Beds were double twins so it's tiny for guys!!!  (Hey, we figure we are just crashing for the nights since we wouldn't be in the hotel much anyway), and the TV didn't even work.......

Hallway was dingy and not impressive at all, and get this... the clerk said that they gave us an upgrade, which was a "semi strip view" (which over looks the empty lot right across from the Sahara and nothing else), but the actual room amenities have been downgraded because my buddy said that they had some better rooms... sheesh.... some upgrade they offer here....

So overall the stay was simply just a stay... nothing impressive or exciting to talk about except that for Friday/Saturday it cost us $130 with tax for a holiday weekend.... so for those cost-centric people who don't care for the luxuries, this would be a great place to stay...

One more positive note!  (Gotta give props where it's due) it's their famous $1 blackjacks!  They had $1 blackjack tables (7 of them) going all day and closes at 2:00am.... so expect a more young crowd there because it's cheap!

I would stay again if it's a holiday weekend and I'm dying to be in Vegas, otherwise, I probably would skip and just take the monorail and visit Sahara to gamble instead....

(They just held their $1 room today so that would be a great deal... do sign up to their facebook page if you are interested in getting those types of deals!)
Me, my girlfriend and several co-workers wanted a cheap weekend in Vegas.  So after a 39 dollar flight on a budget airline, we paid somewhere around 25 a night for a room.  Yes the casino is older, yes the location isnt the greatest and yes, it's  nothing fancy but here are some of the reasons i gave this hotel a 4 star rating.  
While the location, in my opinion is located at the worst spot on the strip, the monorail has a station there making the rest of the strip very accessable. After coupon we paid 21 dollars each for a 3 day pass. 
 I'm one that hates to pay high prices in Vegas for alcohol and I'm always on the lookout for a well priced beer or drink.  The Sahara was running a special of $1 Miller Beers, $1 hot dogs and $1 kamakazees in a mini shot glass you get to keep,  Its not well advertised so you may have to ask the bartender about it if they are still running this promo.  
I really liked the pool. Nothing fancy but it wasnt over crowded and a nice place to relax and catch up with friends in the sun.  
The staff was friendly and allowed us to check in early  with no problem. Not many choices for good places to eat but everything else was 15 minutes away via monorail.
This is a rating for just the casino, not the actual hotel.  I would never stay in a place like this lol...

Anyway... this place draws me in every visit to Vegas.  Why?  $1 blackjack!  24/7!  Great place to go to play some cards after losing your life savings at the bigger name casinos.  I come here to chill.  Playing some cards, free beer (well, $1 or $2 tip for the waitress, but still), and usually people are just chiller at the tables.  They know its only a few bucks they lose every hand if you mess up.  I know one of my buddies was a blackjack noobie and when she messed up the table a couple times, people didn't just get up and leave or yell at her.  They explained to her what she needed to do.

Anyway.  Like I said, I got here for cheap cards.  Chill people and the booze makes it even better.  Oh yeah, the dealers are usually much chiller as well!  More talkative than other casinos' dealers  in my experience...
$1 tables. $1 blackjack. $1 roulette. $1 kamikaze shots (really mini shots). $1 hotdogs. 

They must expect everyone to be drunk when they order the hotdogs because they have the strangest gray tint of any hot dog I have ever seen. They also have no flavor. You have to put a pack of mustard, ketchup, and relish on them just to make them palatable. My friend said they tasted like ass but she ate it anyway. It's never good when you eat food and hope you don't get sick from it. 

Had a blast playing roulette and even walked away a winner.
If you have stay on the strip cheap, I suppose this is the place to do it.  It's so dingy, run down that it was ruining the Vegas experience for me.  However, once you get to the room you'll find it spartan but clean and adequate, strangely better maintained than the rest of the hotel itself.  That's why they get 3 stars instead of 2.  

ps.  I appreciated the laminated notice sheet telling me calls were not free and I could get a free needle disposal box on request.  lol
I used to stay here in the past but not anymore. They cut way back on a lot of things like quality of service for drinks and cocktails. Forget the buffet they don't have one anymore they expect you to fork over money to eat shit at the house of lords. This used to be an alright place to stay but not anymore. Better to go stay else where.
Recently stayed here with the BF for three nights.  How did we end up here?  All thanks to travelocity.com and its priceline-like deals.  I like doing hotel reviews in a list style, so here it goes..

Plus:
-Super cheap!  I think we paid $20/night.  
- Just clean enough for you to feel comfortable enough to rest your head on the bed.  
-Vegas monorail stop at the hotel.  Super convenient.  Also, it's the last stop, so there's really no way you can mess  up and end up going in the wrong direction (I can't tell you how many other passengers we'd end up riding with who all realized after the first stop that they were going the wrong way).  
-Super cheap gambling.  $0.25 roulette machines.  $1 blackjack.  
-daily slot machine tournament.  hilariously fun.  free to enter if you join their players' club (which is also free to enter) 
-daily $1 specials:  $1 shots, $1 hot dogs, and $1 beer

Minuses:
-Definitely more run down than the other casinos.  You notice it the moment you step inside--the air in the Sahara isn't as circulated as well, so you are instantly VERY AWARE that smoking is allowed indoors.  Versus, say, only moderately aware. 
-The crowd isn't great eye-candy.  When you're at, say, the MGM or what have you, you can take a look around and see how glammed up people are.  Here, at the Sahara, they're more low-key.  It's not unusual to see people walking around in unflattering sweatsuits. 
-The food.  Not fantastic at all. 
-The last stop on the monorail.  One of the farthest from the strip, yet somehow still considered to be on The Strip casinos.  

Anyways, would I stay here again?  Probably not.  I'd definitely want to stay someplace a little closer to the other casinos.  Would I come back here to gamble?  Heck yes.  Despite all its flaws, the Sahara is still a fun little casino to spend time at.  

It's like going to an awkward work-related party--you want to go because you know it'll be good food, strong drinks, and maybe you win something..but you don't want to stay too long because hey, it's a work party.
woooooohaaa...  So the maid cleaned our room... cleaned out our room...  Those $4 bottles of water from the lobby.. you know the ones that weren't even opened yet.  Yeah those.. thrown away.  I called the front desk, twice they hung up upon answering, finally called housekeeping, they transferred to front desk, they put me on hold for 10 mins, Sam (a manager) puts me off and says he will call housekeeping to see if they still have them... WTF...  Calls back and says if I will come down to the lobby he will get me a coupon for the gift shop.   I explain I'm in my jammies... how about bringing them to me considering you threw them away.  Oh... I'll call you back.   Then it's not possible to do that.  Our room service is closed, (at 8:00 p.m.) You gotta be kidding me.... what a joke!!  30 minutes later.. I guess I am getting dressed to go get water that I already bought at outrageous prices...   Oh and the rooms are old, not that well kept, the beds aren't great, I guess you get what you pay for but customer service wasn't in the deal!!
Stayed at this place for a convention and  it was the cheapest place i could find so i stayed here.  As soon as i walked in the lobby i realized that this place hasn't received a decent overall since the 70s.  Walk into the elevator to find the yellow carpet halfway up the wall.  Walked into the room and it was decently sized.  Turned on the air conditioning and it sounded like a 747 was taking off.  Eventually had to sleep with the window open cause street sounds were way quieter then the sound of that ac.  Its at the very end of the strip the only thing farther was stratosphere.  Its convenient if your going to the convention center cause its only like 20mins walk from there.
This review is a little late I stayed the last weekend in September...

So I actually booked a room through their facebook promotion, $1= 1 night and literally only paid like $1.22 or something for a Saturday night. I had made reservations at a fancier place for Sunday and Monday nights. 

First of all let me say this the 3 stars is mostly for the parking. I know Sin City like the back of my hand and NEED a car to get around. That being said the parking for the guests of the Sahara is far and pretty shady looking. I expected to be encountered by a Gotham City villain any minute...

Check-in was a breeze I waited like 2 minutes at 10pm to be helped by a super perky male wearing some lovely smelling lotion. Mr. Smelly lotion wearer was very very friendly, however when we went up to our room in the Tunis tower it was obvious he had given us someone else's room (luggage, clothes, makeup etc). Now at this point some of you may have behaved differently but I was all smiles when I went down, had my hubby stand by our luggage, (somewhat awkwardly since mine is bright pink). So I go to inform my buddy that I believe he may have given us another guest's room but not to worry I wasn't going to make a big stink we just wanted any room that was unoccupied (I said this quite seriously not sarcastically). He apologized profusely and gave us a new room in another Tower (Alexandria) and sent us away. 

First of all let me say the ride up to the room was much different than the ride up in the Tunis elevator (the first notable difference was the elevator, not shabby or empty and semi-dark , filled with decent looking folks and well-lighted). I thought it was funny that groups of these semi-young club goers were going into the rooms next to us (like really 4 girls to 1 small bedroom hmmm a little suspicious?) But alas we get to the corner room and it is a 3 room suite with a living room/ bar/dining area, (balcony- view was awesome), powder room, bathroom, and bedroom.Very very cool....

So the hubby and I get freshened up and head downstairs. The karaoke taking place was pretty entertaining and we drank to our heart's content while gambling very little on the penny machines. The whole vibe of the place was pretty chill. I would go again but not to stay in The Tunis Tower.
Dollar Blackjack...Wah?! I'm there
The dealers are ornery but I don't care.
Everyone says this place is run down but I don't think so.  It seems good to me, maybe a bit dated with their decor, but I'm here to gamble and get drunk.  Who cares what it looks like?
I always win so every time I'm in Vegas I come here for a bit to make me some money.
*rubs card on nipple*
I always end up paying for the gas because everyone else lost :(
*shakes fist at Vegas*

I got super drunk one time and peed in the corner...and then ran away.
Sowwwwwwrrrrryyy
I didn't stay here but did gamble in the casino.  Yeah, it is pretty ratty looking but because it's at the end of the monorail (going north I think) and a short walk from the station to the casino, it's worth taking a trip back in time, away from the center of the action, and gamble cheap.  Personaly, I don't see much time left for this place before it implodes the others from it's time - the Sands, the Dunes, the Stardust - did.  Enjoy it while you can.  This is really the only relic from the old Vegas Strip left.
This review is for the theatre only:

I came here last night for a benefit performance of Rick Thomas and Esteban for the Make A Wish Foundation.  The stage is quite large which makes a large production very easy here.  While neither Thomas nor Esteban have such a large production, they make the space work.  

The theatre itself is wide but there aren't many rows.  Unless you sit in the balcony, which is generally closed off, you'll have a good view wherever you sit.  My seat was in the first row, stage right, and I had an excellent seat even though I was off to one side of the stage.  No one was in front of me and I could stretch out without worrying about my feet.
You get what you pay for. I browsed hotels from priceline.com and found this hotel to be a lot cheaper than other hotels around the same area. The rooms were so,so... i just got the regular room with king size bed. i hate that they dont have any free bottled water. they only have an ice cube machine located at the end of the hallway outside the room. they dont have toothpaste and toothbrush inside the bathroom (coz they want people to buy stuff from the giftshop in the lobby). If you're looking for a place to sleep (like you dont care about how the room looks) then you can definitely book a room here, but if not, you better go somewhere else.
One of the older hotels and casinos on the strip. As far as the casino goes, it has all the games you want to play. As far as the rooms go, they're forgettable. But for me this place works because I don't need anything fancy. I essentially need a place to store my luggage, sleep and bathe. For the price it cant be beat. You can usually get a room here during the week for $26.00 a night. I mean come on that's spectacular! If you want a basic place on the strip to stay, this place works out just fine.  I will say this though, this place is great for a family stay.  It has a huge arcade and several amusement rides for the family, so that is a definite benefit of your stay.
The Sahara Hotel can be fun. Seriously.

There's the $1 black jack tables, creepy Beatles tribute bands, and karaoke nights at the Cantab Lounge that are unflinchingly hilarious (and depressing). Some of the rooms have nice views of the mountains. The praise ends there.

Don't expect the internet to work, and try not to walk around alone. Once, I waited for forty minutes for the elevators to get fixed... all while fire alarms blared and old women continued to fill the penny slots without delay. If the shower in your room sounds like it's going to burst, that's how you know the hot water is working. Avoid the buffet. The steakhouse isn't too bad.

Have fun!
The absolute WORST place to stay in Las Vegas. If you visit their website, ignore all the photos. Total dump. Although I've won money in their casino, even the casino and the rest of the grounds are terrible.
Stay anywhere, but here.
For the price..this place is perfect. The dollar beers and hot dogs are a huge plus as well. You can get nice and drunk for cheap! They also recently added a tattoo parlor..interesting. I love this place for it's history..only hotel in Vegas that the Beatles ever performed at. All the great vintage photos of Dean Martin and the Rat Pack..again nothing fancy here ( except for the new parlor ) but its perfect to me.
Probably not the best hotel you can stay in on the strip, but super cheap if you're a college student and broke.

Stayed there for my bachelorette party including my best friend's bachelorette party where it only cost $30 a night (thanks to Expedia) and $50 on weekends.

Great place for gambling though if you're not a high roller.  They have dollar blackjack, where you can stay for hours just playing off just a few dollars.

They also have a HUGE burrito that you can share and get a name on the wall if you can finish, but quite honestly almost seems impossible. I think that Adam from Man vs. Food tried finishing it and didn't even come close.
I'm amazed to think that I was not just once but twice. Yes this place is $200 when CES is around and somehow, we paid for it. Now thinking back, Vegas is mostly about the people you go with and I didn't entirely have a terrible time when I was here, but there was one thing I could never let go of.

Their elevators have holes. Yes there are cracks in the plates that hold the elevator together. The walls, you can see through them to the tunnel!!! The elevators are so old, I seriously thought my life was in danger. Imagine always wondering if you were going to fall to your death every time you  try to go up to your room or down to the strip ... not exactly fun times.

This is a cheap hotel, the rooms are old, smelly, the beds are really hard, and you feel icky, like a motel, but perhaps I can see even some Motel 6's might beat out this place.

They have a nice cheap champagne buffet on the weekends, which is good for champagne and that's about it, but really, do you want to subject yourself to the terror of staring at the tunnel? 

On the plus side, it's close to the convention center. Kind of.
Our room was clean but it was definitely not the best place for the money.  The hotel really needs some remodeling and TLC.
This place has seen better days.  They had the opportunity to implode this thing and start from scratch in the late 90's....instead, they chose to renovate.  Now, it's just a shell of it's former self.....always has that "empty" feeling to it, unless there's a citywide event that sells out the city.

The casino is tired and the restaurants are just ok.  The best thing about it is the roller coaster.

Overall, I wouldn't recommend any of my friends to stay here.

Return Factor - 10%
The Sahara is definitely one of the jankiest hotels I've been to in Vegas.  Everything is really run down and dirty (even the doors are sticky...yuck!).  The bathrooms are icky and nothing is automated.  I would give this place 1 star except for the fact that they have $1 blackjack all day.  Unfortunately, all the $1 tables were packed when I went with my boyfriend and we ended up playing at a $5 table and lost.  I even lost on the slot machine that I was on a roll with at the other casinos!  What a waste of $60...I'm definitely not coming back again =/
The Sahara.

This is the oldest place on The Strip right now. The Beatles stayed at this very hotel, as well as playing at it. The Rat Pack used to kick it here (their other haunt, The Sands, long gone). The 3 towers were among the first highrises on The Strip (and used to be great examples of architecture before unnecessary ornamentation was added in the late 90s). 

It's closing on May 16th, 2011. 

Let's cross our fingers and hope that somehow, someway, this place is saved.
Rest in Peace Sahara -- We will all miss you :(

May 16 and The Sahara is closing, sad day.

The Sahara had history, $1 shots, beers, hot dogs, and blackjack.

A number 1.

We love you Sahara :D 

XOXOXO
Went back again, and it did not disappoint! No suite this time and the rooms are not the best, but for some reason I like the Sahara! They could use more dining options and one day the pool bar was closed because the bartender didn't show up. We just went to the pool at TI, which is better anyways. No one understands why my sister and I prefer to stay at the Sahara but it is so much fun! Dollar tables during the week! I also won a ton of money last trip :)
Wow good thing they are closing it. I have stayed in Motel 6's that were nicer.
Sad its gone!  I never stayed here but I always had fun playing Poker or cheap BlackJack.  I am just bummed that another part of Old Vegas has disappeared.
I came to see it 1 last time before it closed and now I am glad it is closing. Rude workers , dirty everything,  and just not worth your time.
Ok, so this place is a relic, a dinosaur, a blast from the past.  In a time when you can't hardly find anything more than 25 years old in Vegas, this place holds the historical key to the city.  It is the OLDEST standing hotel on the strip.  It's been featured in the Oceans 11 movie (the Arabian-esque theme is their specialty).  
Now, the actual hotel rooms are fairly dumpy, definitely a 2 star status and the casino itself is in pretty serious decline.  But, this legend is closing down in May - come and get a piece of history before it goes.  Get some pictures, some chips from the casino if you collect those and bask in it's 50s Vegas glory before it makes way for lots of dust and some new monstrosity that will take its place (sniff sniff).
The word dump doesnt cover it.

The place smelled of carpet deodorizer and lysol.  No fridge, broken knob on the thermostat, all night leaking shower.  Really?  $120?

Lower budget shouldn't mean run down - it was like a vagrant hotel.

There is no reason to stay in this place.
So we stayed here after deciding to come to Vegas on a whim. I don't have much to say about it considering my boyfriend and I basically used the room to change, hold our stuff, and we didn't come back till the next morning to pick up our stuff... What happens in Vegas, well, you know the rest. Anyway, this place is OLD. But it's kind of charming to see something old school amidst the shine and glitter. It reminds me of when I used to go to Vegas as a child w/ my parents and grandparents. I don't know if I'd stay here and actually sleep in a bed only because I don't know how clean it is. It's just so old so as far as upkeep goes, it's pretty... Well, I'd compare the rooms to a motel you found on the side of the freeway. No actual restaurants in the place (at least I don't think). And the tattoo shop said they were open twenty-four hours but when we went in at 3:30 in the morning to get our tattoos done, they were closed! So we had to take a cab to one that was open... Hehehehe.
I like the location. It's a quick $8.00 cab ride to just about anywhere on the strip. And they have that monorail stop there so that was convenient for the morning after when my feet was just not up to walking anymore and we didn't want to bother with a cab. The monorail is a real nice way to bounce around and sight see the town as well. Overall, kinda sad to know the Sahara will be no more in May, but it's certainly has it's fun... I'm sure.
Review is for the casino, not the hotel.

It's a shame that this place is shutting down. I came out to Vegas for my bachelor party - an epic 3 day bender. My buddies and I love playing blackjack, and the allure of $1 blackjack tables made us make the trek from where we were staying, the Imperial Palace, up here. It was well worth it.  For about 5 1/2 hours myself and two friends played countless hands of blackjack, had about 10 free drinks each, and between the three of us we'd only lost about $40.  That's a bargain for the amount of fun we had.

After this place goes, the award for the lowest blackjack minimums on the strip will probably belong to Circus Circus. We spotted a few $2 and $3 tables there. 

What's really a shame is that one of our dealers told us they'd learned the casino was closing on the evening news. What a piss poor job of casino management ...
I am not impressed at all.  We came to Vegas for a seminar and stayed here because of the price.  We paid way too much, even at around $60 something a night.  The place is old, not upkept at all.  You can tell they don't care anymore because they are closing.  It's dirty, smelly and a lot of sketchy people.  We just came back to our room and only 1 bed was made and nothing else was cleaned or done.  They only allow you 2 extra pillows per room and the pillows are horrible.  The bed is one of the most uncomfortable beds I have ever slept in, I have slept better camping lol  

The pool was closed, the food choices are horrible, the only decent thing is the $1 blackjack tables (that is if you can get a seat)  Really, don't stay here.  Not cool.
This review is for the hotel, not the casino... since I don't gamble... :P haha. 

What can I say? Hubs and I stayed here while we were in Vegas from Feb 2nd-5th, 2011. We stayed on the 10th floor. For Wed and Thurs night, it cost us $22/nite, for Friday nite, it cost us $55/nite. With tax and everything, the total for the hotel bill was $124 (they charged us for a $8/nite "resort" fee, which I'm assuming was for the gym, pool and phone?) 

The parking structure is kind of tricky to get to for the hotel if you don't know where you are going. The parking lot was kind of sketchy, so hubs parked by other cars close the the elevator, and made sure NOTHING was visible to the curious eye. One of the two elevators from the parking structure to the ground floor to the hotel was broken the whole time while we were there. The elevator was sketchy as well... looked like it was going to break down on us most of the time. 

When you walk into the lobby, it immediately smells like greasy food. Not pleasant. But whatever... We checked in fine, no wait at 5:00p on a Wednesday night. The room we had was on the 10th floor, the view was really nice :) The floor we were on was really quiet, and I don't think we saw a single person in the hall way the whole entire time we were there. The room didn't smell, which was a total plus for us :) We had a king sized bed, and the sheets were clean so that's all that mattered. The bed wasn't the comfiest, but we still got a good night's sleep on it. The bathroom wasn't very well ventilated, so it kinda sucked when we showered. All in all, the room was really fine for what we were hoping for. We could tell that they didn't really care about the appearance anymore... and I just found out that they were closing in May of 2011, so now I understand why. 

We also mosied our way to the place with the $1 hot dogs and $1 beers. The hot dogs were tiny and dry, and the beers were Miller High Life beers... it didn't look like a full sized bottle. So, unless you are already drunk, I would recommend you stay away from this place, or you will be disappointed. 

Conclusion: We got what we paid for, and we were not disappointed. :)
Alas, I have heard the sad news...the strip is losing one of it's classic ladies.. 

True, she was showing her age a bit. Out-shined by many of the younger ladies (some of which are starting to show their own age), but despite a few bumps and blemishes managed to retain enough of her former and once legendary class to remain in business long after most of her contemporaries bit the dust (literally). A notable mouse's former transit system was once thought to be her savior and as was a brief flirtation with stock car circuit but unfortunately all things must pass. Yes, she was one of the casinos Frank, Dino and Sammy hit in the original "Ocean's Eleven". 

I shall miss cheap blackjack on the strip. I shall miss one of the few places in the desert that I could actually enjoy a cold Abita Purple Haze (remember the "Party Pit"?) I shall miss the glass encased statue of a camel that dated back to the early days of the property. 

You have until May 16th of this year to pay last your respects, play your last $3 hand of blackjack on the strip, or experience the excitement of rolling a seven as you come out for the last time. 

Though I never actually spent a night under her roof I did spend many hours (and quite a few dollars) in her formerly festive casino. I never broke bread in the House of Lords but I did have my very first Red Bull and Vodka while seated at one of her gaming tables. 

Yes, I will miss her. Let's raise a toast one last time. May she live on in our hearts, minds, and Neon Graveyard forever!
My husband and I came here to say goodbye and to get a magnet to remember this place by. (Your better off finding one across the street) The Sahara has sentimental meaning for me and I'm sad to see it go. I used to come here with my family on many trips to Vegas during my childhood. I remember one time when we were walking out of the Sahara and we were passing the Camel Statues and this drunk guy kept yelling "Look at me " ..."Look at me!" He puts his mouth right on the camels privates! It was funny ....and I still remember it to this day! ..Good times. 

My husband and I had no luck finding any souvenirs here the stores were practically barren. I know it's a bad idea to gamble in a place that's closing down but we just got there and didn't want to leave right away. We should have left ! We lost like $80.00 in 10 minutes. My husband was grumbling on our way out ..."I'm glad this place is closing down". We left there empty handed ...no money and no magnet ....no bueno.
Cheap tables, check.

Low weekend rates, check.

A casino an equivalent to a dive bar (sketchy people included), check.

Having a crappy restaurant where you too can take on the "burrito challenge" and be the envy of your friends (including Mr. Toilet), check.

Being awaken at 4am due to a faulty fire alarm, causing everyone to run down 14 flights of stairs (elevators don't work), then having no one to greet you at the bottom nor anyone telling you what to do or where to go - check!  

RIP, Sahara - you will be (sorta) missed.
I went to vegas a couple of weeks ago so have some reviews to catch up on.  It was really hard between 3 and 4 stars on this one, but I went for the four.  Please understand that this is old vegas, it's not the new posh hotels but it gets four stars because its clean, the staff was nice, the buffet was cheap, and they had $1 black jack!  How awesome is that, so me and the finace drank like fish while playing $1 tables, and we broke about even but made out on the booze.  So yeah, it's not the nicest place in vegas but it's not the worst, and the room was under $50 a night!
Thank god this place is closing because this place is sad.  The only redeeming amenity this hotel offers is that the monorail stop is here.
I'm sad that Sahara is closing its doors. I have fond memories of this place, singing karaoke and playing $1 blackjack until the wee hours (or, you know, until dawn).

It's unfortunate that the Strip has lost so many of its classic casinos and the Sahara, while a bit shabby and definitely not as a dazzling as the newer casinos, had glory in its day.  It still holds that vintage Vegas charm for me.

I never stayed here, but I spent a lot of time on the casino floor. I'll miss playing Mr. Lucky's Fortune Cookie, one of the few places you could still find that slot machine (that I know of).

RIP in advance, Sahara. I should pick up something to remember you by.
I am an elitist pig who is reviewing the Sahara at 3 stars.  It is the perfect blend of ghetto and high-brow.  If you know what you are getting, the Sahara can fit the bill perfectly.

I am shedding a tear for its closing (in 5 days) but am hopeful that they will reopen it when the economic times are better.  However, I cant decide whether they should tear down and re-do the towers or try to remodel the existing structures.  People are just gonna want bigger rooms.

Here's what a revamped Sahara would have going for it;
- Excellent location at the north end of the strip.  
- Monorail station
- Reputation/history
- Near the new sports arena and convention center
- Close to the "Gentleman's Clubs." 

Good-bye old Sahara, and here's to new potential.
Honestly, it doesn't really matter what I write here.  In a few days, the Sahara Casino, a 59 year old Vegas institution and the last of the "original" casinos is closing its doors.  It doesn't matter if it was amazing or a total dump.  In fact, I've argued with many that cheer its demise because people confuse "original" and "older" as being synonymous with "demolish fodder".  And to be fair, it's a little of both these days, but it never should have reached the point of these last few hours.

Instead, I'll write about my experiences here, and what the Sahara meant to me.  2002 was the first time that I ever stepped foot in this city as a tourist, and it was the place that I stayed in.  I clearly missed to the "Golden Days" when the Rat Pack, Elvis, Beatles, Liberace, and so many  vintage stars graced the locale.   I clearly missed all that, as the bitter and entitled pointed out to me, but I didn't miss its value and history. 

I still periodically stopped by the Sahara from time to time.  I got excited finding the (still to this day) preserved Room 2344 in the Alexandria Tower where the Beatles stayed.  When I moved here and was at times broke, I ate at their buffet.  Not the most amazing food in the world, but it definitely had its place in that time of my life.

Two months ago, when I heard that the Sahara was closing, I decided to really give the old place a real chance.  I bought a few souvenirs before fans and eBay scavengers picked the place clean.  At an unofficial Yelp event, our group tried their crazy fast rollercoaster.  I spent years scoffing at their NASCAR Cafe, only to discover that they serve a delicious hot open faced turkey sandwich.  In retrospect, I guess the joke was on me.  I even ate at the House of Lords, and was treated to exceptional customer service.  Even just last night, the missus won over $300 on slots there.  

SBE purchased the place in 2007.  I hoped they would recognize Sahara's rarity and renovate it, because it needed work: New carpet, new wallpaper, new paint, a better ventilation system, non-scary elevators....  But none of it ever came, and over time, some of the eating places closed down months before the announcement.  Considering Vegas' disregard and total lack of interest for its own personal history, I figured one day they would just kill Sahara off and leave it an empty lot with other "legends" such as the Stardust and the New Frontier.

I've heard that in 2014, something will be put in its place, but it won't be called "Sahara".  Instead, it will invariably be yet another trendy corporate created venue that will tell an all too receptive public that this is the place that they will HAVE to frequent in order to be "cool" these days.  And people will (already) eat it up for the same celebrities who are famous for simply being famous, repetitive music and overpriced drinks you can get at every other venue on the Strip.  Modern progress.   If you can't Twitter it, it's not worth the time.

But this is it: The last of the originals closes its door.  I'd like to believe that one day, people will come to understand the value of what these old places meant.  Sahara housed LEGENDS.  Not the impersonators that people can pose for a photo op with these days, and certainly not wannabes.  If not for those "firsts" that populated this once remote desert oasis, Vegas would probably not have been much bigger than Baker, California these days. 

So yes, I am saddened and more than a little disappointed that Vegas lets yet another "first" slip away into the history books where it's somehow strangely easier to value and appreciate once it's gone.  

I'm definitely "late to the party" on "Sahara Appreciation", but I still built nine years of fond memories of my own.  Its closing also marks the end of a chapter in my personal life.  It is, and always will be, my very first taste of Vegas.  The last two months, though sad, filled me with a lot of wonderful and lasting stories of the place. I'm glad I took the time to get to know it one last time, and I'll see it off come Monday as it closes down.

Good-bye, old friend.
So it's one more day until it's game over for The Sahara.

It really is sad how the place fell into such a depressing funk and the multiple owners it's had over the past 10 years who owned it without caring. At the same time though, the place wasn't utterly terrible. Old and in some serious need of work? Definitely. Rundown and disgusting? Well, in Las Vegas it seems like anything built before 1990 is rundown by default anyway. The local bias against buildings from the 60's and 70's which just need a little work or may be totally fine even really amazes me, especially seeing how many other cities in America have buildings from the early 1900's or even the 1800s which look like they could totally collapse at any moment. Kind of beating a dead horse there, I know, I'm just dying to see how most of the people with these kinds of biases will react in 30 years or so if places like The Bellagio or The Venetain are considered "TOO OLD AND NOT HIP ENOUGH" by the next generation and put up for implosion. 

I took one final look around the place a few weeks ago. It appeared that the arcade, the Cyber Speedway, the rollercoaster and most of the Nascar Cafe were already closed up. It was a rather dark, somber atmosphere. Everyone in there (workers and clientele) did not seem to care, all except for the enthusiastic gift store clerk I talked to. Well, I wish them all the best of luck anyway. 

On a positive note, the building won't be blown up, but in a few years it's name will be changed and it will be modeled after all the other hip and trendy places in Las Vegas. Well, I'm happy that at least technically the "Sahara" will still be around, I just wish the owner would execute these plans without sucking out it's character and making out like what it was never happened.
It wasn't the newest casino on the strip, but I rented a suite here for my birthday in 2009 and I thought it was worth the $75 it cost for a 700sq ft 1 bedroom suite with a balcony overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and Sahara rd. It held a lot of history from the beginning of Vegas nightlife and it is time for it to close it's doors after decades on the Strip.
Just now heard the news that the historic Sahara Hotel & Casino is closing today.  I was there only 9 days ago and would have bought a souvenir if I had known the end was so near.  It was obvious, though, that it could not have lasted much longer.  Barely 50 people in the casino on a Saturday night and the porter had to call for taxi pick up in the porte cochere.

I am sorry that so many people in an especially hard-hit local economy are now out of work.  I'm sure the place was glorious in its heyday and maybe the property will be again some day.  It seems like the perfect spot for a sparkling new mega resort - lots of vacant land around and located on the last stop on the monorail.  That end of the strip sure needs a boost.

Goodbye $1 blackjack!  Thanks for the memories, Sahara.
Although that I was staying at the Riviera, but I decided to get a go to this hotel...
OF COURSE it's not the Bellagio...
But the history, the fact that you've HAD TO STAY THERE BEFORE CLOSING...that's why I decided to do and shoot a video in youtube...because I wanted to pay her the respects...
I'll keep her in my heart...FOREVER
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0DozXy0eyI
When I realized that I would be in town for the Sahara's closing, I decided I wanted to be there, and not only that, I wanted to be the last person to roll the dice on the craps table, and finally I was hoping to bribe the dealers with a generous tip to let me take the last pair of dice rolled.

On Saturday I stopped in to walk around the place and get more info about the closing schedule.  I played some craps and was told that the all the tables would be closing at 10am on Monday.  Late Saturday night I was back with some friends who wanted to get some chips and one last visit and just to be thorough I asked again about the closing and got the same info. Sunday night I decide to turn in early (1am) so that I wouldn't oversleep and could be in Sahara by 9am.  I notice from the parking garage and walking into the casino that things are not very busy so I'm feeling pretty good about my chances of being the last roller as I was a little concerned that it was going to be super crowded and nearly impossible to get on to any table game.  Just as I made my way past the bar I saw the only thing I was not expecting - an empty craps table. No players fine, but no Dealers?!  What happened?!?  I asked one of the suits and was told that they closed at 3am.  I could have easily been there had I not been provided bad info twice.  I'm bummed, sad, mad...

Well, I'm here so I might as well stay around til 10am and see if anything special happens when the table games close.  I jump on the roulette table and play for the final 40 minutes.  About half of that time is spent listening to passer-bys ask if they can buy chips while the dealer explains that they can't.  The cashier wasn't selling chips and the only other tables (BJ) were usually full.

I do appreciate that the pit supervisor let us know when there were 3 spins left so that we wouldn't be blindsided that the game was over.  On the final spin I go all in (you have to right? I was the only one who did though).  The prior spin winning # was 19 so I'm on red, odd and 5 individual #s including the last winning #.  Sure enough 19 hits again and I cash about a $150 profit. That helps ease a bit of the pain of missing the final craps session which was what I had been looking forward to for weeks.

Doors were closing at 2pm but I'm not a slot player and it sure didn't look or feel like anything ceremonial was going to happen so I take a few pics and head back to the Encore to check out.

Farewell Sahara
Three stars means "A-OK", and Sahara was just that to me, or at least the casino part of it.  It was what it was. There was no grandeur, no luster, nothing magnificant remanining.  It was a solid piece of the Las Vegas landscape. There was a lot of history there, a lot of nostalgia.  You could have a really fun time without risking the kids' college funds to pay for it.  

Now it's gone.  It's boarded up all around the property.  All its contents are being sold or auctioned off.  Nothing but an empty shell will remain.  How and why was this allowed to happen?  What will become of it?  What will become of the nearly abandoned North strip even?  Which one will be the next to go?

It's a real shame that places like the Sahara and others have been, or are now being, completely displaced by the huge new megaresort casinos catering to the big spenders and high rollers, leaving the working man with fewer and fewer affordable options, at least on the sensational strip.  Can't there be a happy medium somewhere so everyone, regardless of the size of their bankroll, can find their niche when want to stay and gamble on the strip?
I learned how to play craps at this casino in the early 90's. Now it's yet another in a long line of former Sin City joints that sadly has run it's course.

RIP Sahara I'll miss you.
Hotel was exactly what we needed it to be. A place to sleep and shower. It was clean for the most part. Minus the random hairs in the shower. There was paint chipping in random places too but eh it's an old casino. 

I didn't like the parking. Didn't feel too safe with all my stuff in it.
So sad to see you go.

$1 Blackjack, 4oz martinis,blood on the walls and semen on the sheets.

You were my kind of place.
Sad they are gone, the dollar blackjack, beer and hot dogs were just plain fun. Stayed there a couple times....yeah obvious you were not at the wynn but what do you want for $15 a night and usually got comped for that. I remember my wife sitting down on the bed wth a thud, we looked at each other and at the same time said "yep we were not at the MGM." Not really sure why but we used to love the $5 buffet. Over the years just kept getting more and more run down as they closed more and more then finally, it was finished. Went to the closing party where they gave out the remaining jackpots from the progressives and still have a couple $1 chips stashed. We used to bring our friends there when they were in town and have taught many to play blackjack at the $1 tables. Alas...gone...Vaya con Dios old friend.
Sahara, you will be missed.  I didn't think the rooms were as bad as a lot of people said they were.  Our room was clean and looked like it had been renovated not too long ago.  The pool was nice and large too.  I liked that old Vegas atmosphere and this casino has a lot of history behind it.  That is getting harder and harder to find in Vegas.  

My favorite part about the Sahara was the $1 hot dogs, beer, and mini-shots with the free souvenir shot glass.  It was a way to do Vegas on the cheap and still have fun.
OK, so I'm a sucker for the Old Vegas style.  The New Frontier has great room specials and sometimes you can get a HUGE suite for the same price as a room somewhere else.  (I'm serious -- it was bigger than my apartment in SF!)  They have $1 frozen margaritas downstairs and the biggest country bar in Vegas, complete with two-steppin' cowboys and their ladies.  It's hard to find food after midnight, but that's not why you're there...  http://www.frontierlv.com/
I went here during the Consumer Electronics Show in 2006, and I had to book at the last minute so I was paying about $300/night for this place. It's definitely not worth that much. The atrium suites are decently clean but nothing fancy. I was just glad to have a place to stay! The pool looked nice but it was too cold to go swimming. The sign out front said there was mud wrestling, but I didn't get to see it.
You want Old Vegas? Here you go. This place and the Stardust are
the oldest on the Strip. Unlike the Stardust however this place shows
its age. Room we had was pretty decrepit. Broken furniture,stale cig
odor even though supposed to be a n/s room. Location is not ideal.
Why stay here? One reason would be if you're going to party all night
at Gilley's (which we did one night--enjoyed the bikini bull riding). 
Another reason might be the huge pool,one of the largest I've ever
seen. Besides that this place has nothing going for it. It was slated
for the wrecking ball years ago,why is it still standing? Strange.
The New Frontier place is kinda divey. I dont know how it got the "New" part in the name, as its obviously old, and there's been no maintenance on the place for about 30 years. The carpets smell musty. 

This place reminds me of the one in The Shining. You'll have to walk for about ten minutes to get to your room. The multi coloured red carpet, and fake wooden finishing spell fancy for the 70s.

After a while, the old style gaming area grows on you, and once you accept it, this place is cool and Vegas all over.

Driving in, we know we're close when we see a large hotel wrapped by a roller coaster. Paddy says, "you ain't seen nothin yet". When we do arrive, we still haven't seen anything yet, when we get lost in what turns out to be a hotel carpark.

Vegas deserves it's reputation, and is huge fun. On the first night, Riet and Chap get tickets to Celine Dion in the hope of seeing plenty of tackiness and kitch. Celine delivers in her new show titled "A new day". Chap went along just to keep Riet company, but comes back singing "I drove all niiiiight to get to you", and even bought her CD.
The Frontier is the only gig in town that still has bingo and an awesome cowboy bar complete with mechanical bull, and scantily-clad cow chick servers. I did not stay here, but only visited. I'm seriously thinking it would be a good place to stay though, the location is good, and it doesn't appear to be outrageously priced. It is a little aged, but that's what gives it the charm.
"OK" hotel if you want to stay at a place that is cheap on the strip.
my friends & i absolutely LOVE this hotel.
its on the strip right across from the wynn hotel and right next door to the fashion show mall.  its not a tourist trap [no crowds, no mile hike to get through the casino to your room] and we get a great deal on the HUGE atrium suites.  the pool is also about 12 feet deep and thats unheard of nowadays!

been staying here for 10 years - hope they NEVER do away with it!
ok we didn't live or play at this place, only stop by to eat. they raised the buffet price compared to our last visit in 2005 summer. although on the front door banner it says" the orchard buffet ,mon -sat, $13.95", they told  us inside because it's friday night, they charge $18.95 instead.without enough patronage the buffet food is old and stale . I heard all the casinos raised their dining price, so we didn;t look around at all. lesson learnt, no buying unpopular buffet.
For those of us who are tired of hearing about the newest mega resorts and table service and Cirque shows, the Frontier is a nice change.  It's definitely a taste of what it used to be like here before the moving statues and dancing fountains.  It used to be about gaming and booze, and both are prevalent here.  The casino boasts a big center bar with poker machines so old they only take quarters.  There's a decent sized sports book and some restaurants and counter eateries scattered about. 

The one time I stayed here, we got a 'suite' for $40.  The room was HUGE with a full bar, but the only bed lived in the sofa.  Anyway, after a night of doing it up downtown style it didn't matter WHERE we slept just as long as we did.

It's not fancy, but the bang you get for your buck definitely makes this place worthwhile.  Plus, it's at the north end of the Strip making it easy to get downtown. 

Rumours of demolition abound.
The Orchard Coffee shop buffett....

I was starving and just could not drive anymore so I went in it really was not to bad for 12.95 pp it was an Italian dinner buffett...

Some of the Pasta's were okay ..the prime rib was good..All you can eat shrimp (tasted fresh)

Plus the waitress let me order food 2 go which is not supposed to be done 1 star for that alone
It is with great melancholy that I learned yesterday of the demolition of the New Frontier casino and hotel down on the lonely end of the Vegas strip.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9THikNnags

Yes, high end Vegas is a lot of fun. But, I really had a soft spot in my heart for this truly old-school place.

I was first schooled on this place in 2002 by an old co-worker (thanks, Whipps) who dragged a bunch of us out for a round of rides on the mechanical bull - after which I had sore groin muscles for literally six days from the 25 seconds of leg clenching for dear life.

Last year, I had the distinct pleasure of spending a festive evening with friends (also on a business trip) in an effort to escape the corporate drudgery of the casinos and clubs up the strip. Our Tuesday evening went something like this: chicken strips, Jack Daniels, bull rides, fried mozzarella sticks, Miller Genuine Draft, potato skins, wagering on the mud wrestling, more beer.  You get the picture. 

And, I can't help but mention one of the coolest gambling contraptions in the entire state of Nevada... the mechanical horse-races. Man, I hope that thing was spared. Please let me know if anyone spots that awesome machine.  Good times.

God speed, New Frontier.
The casual buffet at Cafe Lago in Caesar's Place is nothing special. For $22 you can get a variety of mediocre food. The desserts are decent, but everything else is disappointing or at best unremarkable. At least the decor is decent, and the live piano was a nice touch.
I agree with Ellie...the food is nothing to write home about, however for an additional $10 you can have all you can drink champagne. I am a huge fan! The atmosphere was very mellow and the cheesy piano man really made my day! I left very happy, a little tipsy and ready to hit up the forum shops! :)
Vegas isn't really my cup of tea, except that in Vegas you could probably get a 3 foot cup of piping hot tea with sparkles, glitter and sugar cubes in the shape of boobies or certain lascivious Roman gods. And then it would totally be my cup of tea. 

Anyway, Cafe Lago was a lot of style and not a whole lotta substance. We arrived fairly late, around 9, actually, so we assumed that the buffet was depleted because of the hour, but it sounds like there just isn't a whole lot to begin with. They did have shrimp cocktail, so I wasn't complaining. They also had these absolutely gigantic figs at the salad bar. They were seriously the size of apples and really quite delicious. I think my mom had three! 

The service wasn't very good. Our server's shift ended about 30 minutes into our meal and he asked us to pay our bill then. We did, tipped him, and then realized that we didn't get a receipt. So should we tip the new server, too? It still isn't clear to me whether or not she was expecting a tip, but we (are cheap asses) and decided that at a buffet, there is no reason to tip twice. 

All in all, it was a fun time and probably something you want to do if it's your first time in Vegas (it was for me), but it's not Cafe Lago you're going for, it's the experience of a buffet in Vegas.
It was late afternoon and we had to eat!  We had plans for a dinnertime buffet at Bellagio, but everyone knows you can't go into a buffet on a completely empty stomach!  (Your stomach shrinks down for some reason!)

We figure a quick bite at Cafe Lago would suffice.  What a mistake.  First off, the service was damn slow.  Sure, it was the in between time of lunch and dinner, but we waited forever for our waiter so we could order.

I remember ordering a portabello mushroom panini sandwich.  It was a very generous portion and it came with a side salad.  Starving as a I was, I ate the whole damn thing.  Big mistake...I was never going to make it to the Bellagio buffet now!  It was a pretty good sandwich I remember, although I can't remember what kind or anything.

But service was slow, and I can attest to that only.  

Most people dine here for their buffet, as you can see...that wasn't our case here.

Note to self: Do not order a meal before going to a buffet in less than two hours.  Not going to happen.  Eat a damn granola bar or something, shute!
Wanted a brunch/buffet type Sunday and we hadn't hit Caesar's yet so decided to give it a go.  Oh cool, the line's not so long, shouldn't take long.  Took them like half an hour to go through 20 people, at a buffet ...

The service was also slow once we got in.  Waitress brought our drinks and then we pretty much didn't see her again until two plates later and we asked for the bill.  At that point she asks my friend if he wants a refill (after we asked for the bill and when his cup's been empty since like halfway through the first plate) and looks at him like he's crazy when he says no.

The buffet is pretty limited, and they don't even put out scrambled eggs.  It's nice that you can have eggs and omelets cooked to order but not when that's the ONLY way you can have eggs and you have to wait like 10-15 minutes.  Admittedly the salmon and cream cheese omelet was pretty good.  They also had ham and skirt steak and some other carved meats, ribs, crab legs (though those were gone and not refilled).

Definitely didn't seem worth it for the price.
My wedding reception was held at Cafe Lago and was great, not perfect.  The buffet had great selections and the food was good, but not the best buffet in Vegas (try Cravings at the Mirage).  The waiters for our party were very attentive and great considering our guests had large drink orders, comprised of martinis and shots that were unheard of in Vegas.  

If you plan to have your reception here: 
1.   Make sure ahead of time that they understand the table arrangements.  Unfortunately we had our rowdy friends table placed next to older relatives table, rather than on the other side of the room as planned.
2.  Coordinate with a family member or friend to let the tables know when they can go up to the buffet.  A little tacky that I had to be the one to do it, but no one really noticed, it's just me being Bridezilla.
3.  They don't have center pieces.
4.  You can't hear the pianist, so check if you can have your own music.
5.  We opted to let our friends order whatever drinks they wanted rather than the Champagne brunch + drinks.  It saved us about $400.
It's the run of the mill buffet place and for Caesar's, it seems quite small.  Anyways, my mom and I needed a quick bite before our shuttle arrived and we ended up here.  I just concentrated on just having mostly the peeled shrimp cocktail (you can't really mess that up), some beef ribs, and some veggies.  They actually had broccoli raab, cauliflower, and some mixed mushroom dish that was pretty good.
We only ended up coming here after hitting up Paris and seeing the line snake around the corner which meant we would not be eating for at least an hour. Mind you, the time was 10:40 AM on a Sunday. 

This joint gets a single star because my experience at the Bellagio buffet the day before completely trumps this place. I got an egg white omelete at both places and the chef at Bellagio does it better and much faster. Okay so I may have a slight bias for Bellagio but can you blame me. 

The buffet line was nonexistent and learn from my mistake, as no line = crappy buffet. The price was the same as what I paid at Bellagio the day before. My buddy who literally can shut a buffet joint down only had two plates. 

You don't get your money back on two plates. Avoid this like the plague and check out the other buffet joints in Vegas.
This place pretty much sucks.  

1.  They lied about when breakfast was served.
2.  There was only about 20 dishes, so no variety.
3.  With number 2 in mind, I paid $18, which isn't worth it.

You're better off eating at MGM Grand's Buffet or the Rio, where it does cost a little bit more, but you get more for your money.

Don't eat here.  Oh yeah, the server was rude as well.
Everyone always raves about the overpriced buffets in Las Vegas but somehow, I don't see it.  We arrived for brunch which cost about $25 a pop...$35 if you wanted all you can drink momosas.  The best item I tasted was probably the garlic herb chicken which was hidden at the end of the buffet line.  The orange chicken was dry.  I think Panda Express makes better orange chicken.  The potatoes were also decent.  Everything else was subpar.  I'm not a picky eater either so that's saying a lot.  I'll have to try some other buffets because this one just didn't do much for me.
Beautiful setting for a great breakfast buffet.  The restaurant has floor-to-ceiling windows looking out to the Caesar's pool.  We had excellent service from a very attentive and friendly waiter.  Never had to ask for a refill on anything, and when we did have to ask for condiments, he brought us more than enough.  They had the best omelette station, definitely worth waiting for.  Huge portions and perfectly cooked.  I agree with the first review about there not being that many dishes for a buffet...but everything was fresh and the hot foods were hot and not overcooked.  

Every coupon book you get for signing up for casino rewards cards has a $5 off coupon, making your Cafe Lago meal a steal.
A total waste of $23 for Sunday brunch. That is what I get for being too lazy to venture farther from the conference center. The food was good but not great and there weren't many dishes to choose from. The service was just adequate.
Cafe Lago rules!

I don't know what the other reviewers experienced, but the food selection was awesome and the servers nice and efficient.  The salmon was consistently good and the fruit served in the morning was astonishing--especially the berries.

I was here every morning for breakfast--I'll be back!
The food was excellent, if nothing mind shattering.  The restaurant was clean and the staff was attentive.  Maybe cost a little bit more then other Vegas buffets, but the food was good so it's not much of a complaint.
I sometimes wonder if previous Yelpers ate at a different restaurant than the one we ate at.  Yes, we will agree that the selection is smaller than some of the giant buffets at places like Mandalay Bay and Paris, but the quality is MUCH, MUCH better.

Let's talk mashed potatoes.  Pretty standard, right?  Wrong.  In most places they just offer flaked potatoes made with water.  Pretty runny.  These mashed potatoes are are real potatoes mashed with butter and cream.  Even better with the real bacon bits offered on the side.  And this is only the beginning for really good and unusual vegetable dishes.  Creamed celery root anyone?  No?  Then you missed a wonderful vegetable dish.  You probably missed the brussel sprouts and red peppers that my husband had three servings of.  I was scarfing down the creamy, anchovy Caesar salad and the wonderful, wonderful bread.  I swear this is the best bread in Las Vegas.  We tried the pretzel rolls, the olive foccacia, the cibbatta, and the to die for multigrain, nut, and dried fruit bread.  I also had some fine pork roast stuffed with herbs and cranberries.  My husband had a great prime rib -- tasted like real beef (NOT watery) and was tender, tender, tender.

And the service was GREAT.  There is my husband wailing away on his stuffed lobster with a knive, when a chef hustled over and asked if he had killed it yet.  We laughed and then the chef gave my husband a lobster cracker.  It was probably on the buffet all along, but my husband never saw it.

I told my husband to save room for dessert, but he was having a hard time stopping with the regular offerings.  I had three small desserts -- a multi-layer pistachio cake, a crisp cookie with five PERFECT raspberries on it, and a slice of pie?  cake?  OK, a crust with cherries on the bottom, a filling, and whipped cream and toasted almonds on top.  It was called a rice pudding cake because the filling was rice pudding!  Who knew?  My husband went right for the pecan pie, the cannelloni, and the macaroons.  He can't wait to go back again.
My boyfriend and I came here our last morning in Vegas, figuring we'd 'splurge' on brunch buffet.  It's Caesar's Palace, it must be good right?  Not so much.  Nothing was really bad, but food was kind of cold, and not worth the $ we paid.  Head over to Cravings or somewhere else, Cafe Lago isnt worth it.

Oh, the one thing that was pleasant was the nice view of the "lake."
Huge disappointment.  Years ago Caesar's Place had one of the best Buffets in town.  You can image my surprise to find how small it has become now.  They did have frozen crab legs, prime rib and turkey but that was about all they had.  The salad and side selection was very thin.  You can get a nice meal in one of the other restaurants for about the same price.
Decent breakfast buffet at Caesar's for $16.  I cant really complain (even though I'm great at it).  If you're health conscious, there's oatmeal, yogurt, cheeses, and lots of varied fresh and dried fruit selections.  The bacon and sliced ham were GREAT!  They even had turkey sausages.  Hash browns were a bit dry.  French toast and belgium waffles were very good, not dry at all, even though they were under the heat lamps.  The smoked salmon was quite good, and had a nice selection of capers, red onion and cream cheese to go with.  There was a huge selection of pastries, but I didnt try any.  The bottomless orange juice is fresh squeezed.  That alone is worth the price of admission.
Service: Horrible
Price: Expensive
Food: Sh_t
Atmosphere: Old

We got up late and couldn't go to the buffet we wanted to, so we went to  this one since it was in the Hotel.

What a joke! I saw the chef out around the buffet, giving direction to his staff. I would never endanger myself so much as to be accessible to the guests for fear they would really tell him how horrible this place is. He is a better man than I.

Absolutely go some place else like The Wynn, Bellagio or Venetian.
I will always remember this place.  It was the first place I ever dined at in Las Vegas.  I remember like it was yesterday.  My ex-gf and I arrived in Vegas at 6am or so and had no idea where to eat.  We were staying at the Bellagio but everything there seemed closed so we ended up at Caesars Palace somehow.  We wandered around aimlessly until we saw a restaurant that looked open.  We quickly ran in and had our first Vegas meal/Breakfast buffet.  I can't believe how easily amused I was back then by the all you can drink chocolate milk.  The food wasn't too bad, hard to judge since you'd have to try really hard to screw up breakfast foods.  I'll have to check this place out again...for old times sake.
Talk about disappointment.  And regret.  We were told by one of our guys that Caesar's had a great buffet, and who were we to argue?  It's still one of the nicer resorts on the strip.  We got there Memorial Day morning, and while we weren't surprised that we got charged the weekend prices, it was a bit weird that it was next to empty.

We found out why.  You don't get nearly what you pay for to come here.  The selection really comes down to the omelet station, prime rib, shrimp cocktails, and sushi.  There wasn't much variety in the foods, and they didn't re-supply quickly enough (there was a point where was no fresh fruit to be found at all!)  Also, even though someone said that quality beats out quantity, it sure sucks when you have to wait in line to get food.  And really, it's not that much better than other places.

On its own it's passable, but with so many better options around for the same price, it's really not worth it to go.
Stay FAR FAR away. I'm not just saying that to tempt you to try it.  The dinner options (VERY minimal for the amount of money) and taste was just terrible.  Not even the dessert and our friendly waiter could save us from our poor dining experience.  You know it's bad when your lemonade is the best part of the meal.
One of the worst buffets on the strip.  Don't be tricked like me into coming here with $5 off coupons.  Even with the $5, this place is a ripoff for the money.  I ate here on my last day of my vegas vacation and it was simply sad.  Dinner was $23.95 but cost me $18.95 for the coupon.  The drink was included and they don't have coke, only pepsi.  

The food selection is VERY VERY minimal.  Even the dessert cart.  The desserts look like a lot until you realize it's a repeat of the same dish.  Our server was nice (better than the Wynn) and we tipped her because it must be a sorry place to work and it's not her fault that the buffet selections suck.  There is tri tip, roast turkey, some fried rice, sushi, noodles, pasta, puree of spinach, potatoes, carrots, sour pineapples, cantelope, and watermelon.

I think I had a better time eating at Imperial Palace & Harrah's buffet.  Even at 8pm at night, there is a wait to get in.  The reason why is that there are only two people working the floor.  There are plenty of seats and everyone knows that.

This must have been "the place" to eat about 10 years ago.  However, it looks like Caesars haven't kept up with the times and this place truely shows it's age.

Since you don't pay until you are finished with your dinner (bill comes at the end like a normal restaurant), when you walk into the place, please look at the food selections before you sit down and order drinks.

This move alone can save you from a sorry and disappointing dining experience.  Ignore the reviews with more than two stars because those diners got ripped off and they are too embarrassed to admit their mistake.  They want everyone to get ripped off just like them.

Remember my tip:  Look at the food selections before sitting down.
DON'T EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT!

I had dinner at Cafe Lago in Caesars Palace, Las Vegas on October 11, 2008. I was extremely disappointed at the selection and quality of food at the restaurant. For $24.95 per person, I expect a lot more than what was offered at Cafe Lago. The roast beef was dry and tough, so was the turkey. The selection is very limited. The only things worth eating is the snail and the snow crab legs. I paid $150 for 5 people in my party and everyone complaint, everyone including my 10 year old daughter. Go to The Buffet in Wynn, they have much better food, more selection and the price is about the same.
Least crazy and decadent of all of the buffets I went to. Still, this one was pretty good. Very clean and open, despite its smaller size. The fresh fruit was very nice, yogurt cups were excellent, baked goods were fresh, and home fried potatoes were my favorite. Price wasn't too bad and the staff were decent. Not the best buffet but not the worst.
For breakfast, this was a nice buffet choice.  It was smaller than Paris' Le Village breakfast buffet, but it had the basics - omelette station, with a smoked salmon omelette as an option, as well as fresh fruit, cheeses and carbs.  It's inexpensive and probably the most pleasantly decorated I'd seen.

I'm a fan of all things Caesar's Palace, so I'd recommend this place as part of your stay there.
For a buffet in such an upscale resort as Caesar's Palace, this one leaves a lot to be desired.  It's not quite as pricey  (although still too much) as Bellagio, Paris, or Planet Hollywood buffets, but nowhere near the selection or quality either.

We went at lunch time.  The dining room is small.  The selections are very limited, and the service not up to acceptable standards.  The server did not appear for drink orders for at least ten minutes after we'd already started eating.  

Although the food was certainly edible, it certainly wasn't memorable.  I can't think of anything that could entice me to return for round two.  Far better choices are available in the vicinity.
Urgh. We got to Vegas too late to be able to get into Bellagio's buffet without a 3-4 hr wait (we went on Dec. 25, smaaaart idea), so we thought Caesar's would be good, because it looks all nice and stuff on the outside y'know. Line took an hour, getting us good and hungry. But wtf?? Like $30 for nothing, pretty much?? Blah. You know it's not a good sign when their lemonade is bad, even. Nice server, but not enough foooood! The crab legs were gross, super salty and so cold they were basically ice blocks. They had like no pasta, and some of the food was in awkward lift-up-the-lid-yourself pot things. Hellooo. We expected so much more and were definitely disappointed, especially at that price tag.

Seriously, get out at like 4:30 to catch the Bellagio or Wynn buffets with a short line, the slightly higher price is so worth it compared to this sorry excuse for a buffet!
i was actually quite pleased with my time day here at this buffet....lol jk it was only a 3 hour visit! lol

we came here for the valentine's day buffet (not planned), and they had a REALLY good spread for $35 a pop.  stuffed whole lobster (YES WHOLE), two types of KOBE beef (YES, KOBE!), prime rib, veal, lamb chop, cold appetitizers which consists of shrimp, crabs and yes...more lobster! they attempted to add some "side dishes" in there with veggies, potatoes, asian veggie and meat dishes, fried rice (which was probably not necessary), salads, fruits, pasta and soups.  very good variety of deserts, the best was probably the chocolate fondue and the choco covered cheesecake with crushed pistachio nuts.  

food was absolutely wonderful but the service could have been better (and faster).  this buffet is small compared to the other Vegas buffets and is tucked away in the corner towards the back of the casino. having all the lobster and kobe beef, this is what i imagine would be a "rich man's buffet". lol
This was probably one of the better buffet experiences that I've had anywhere.  As soon as we were seated, our whole table was served OJ, and a carafe of coffee to share.  Definitely come here for a less crowded, less noisy buffet experience.  You will likely see less choices, sure- but the quality of the food will more than make up for it.

The highlight for me is their garlic mashed potato- with tons of roasted whole garlic cloves mixed inside.  I topped it with freshly cooked bacon bits and it was to die for!  They also had strawberries in white chocolate...and mini pecan bars on shortbread...yum!

The brunch on Sunday was $25, brunch on Monday was $20...totally worth it since a cup of coffee will set you back $4 at the food court at Cesars.
Me and the girls chose to come here for our champagne brunch. It was about $25 + another $10 for a glass or $15 for unlimited champagne brunch.  Needless to say, we went with the latter among the 3 of us and ordered a lot of OJ. Our waitress was cool and left the bottle for us :)

The buffet area is not as large as others and thus, the variety was not as grand as I expected, but they did have your basic items - eggs, bacon, salmon items, etc.  I tried a lot of various cheeses and pastries, which were good (hard to mess those up, though). We came late enough that they started switching the food for lunch, so that was nice :)

The seating area is set up quite nicely - sectioned - like a real restaurant, as opposed to cafeteria seating, with too many tables and seats "lined up" next to each other.

Well, I won't say this is the best breakfast buffet I've ever had, but all in all, it wasn't bad and I wouldn't mind coming back.
So you thought I was through with all the Vegas posts, didn't you? I just never got around to working on this post, mainly because this buffet itself was so disappointing. When we arrived at the Cafe Lago inside of Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, we saw how empty the place was. Not a great sign. The only reason we ate here was because we moved our rooms over to this hotel after staying at the Bellagio for a few nights, and it was too easy to just go downstairs and find the buffet.

The room itself was beautifully decorated.

The buffet itself was tiny, and the selection was small. Of course the crab legs. the cocktail shrimps, and the prime rib were all there, but there was not much else to offer.

I initially thought that there were oyster shooters available when I saw those small glasses, but one had just cocktail sauce, and the other just olives. Disappointing. 

There was a soup station that claimed that wonton soup was available. On a cold night, that sounded good, and I tried a bowl. Beneath those huge lids were the soups, and you could add in mushrooms and various other toppings. But alas, the wontons were no where to be found. So I asked the server where they were, and she said that that was it. What?? Then why do you label it as wonton soup? We got into a very good discussion with our waitress, a nice Vietnamese lady, who basically told us that no one ever likes the soup. She pointed us into the direction of the buffet at Wynn, very honest of her, and she kindly mixed up some free Mimosas for us without asking. The Mimosas are usually extra. We felt like we've know her all our lives. 

The pastry bar was just ok. Nothing really stood out here. 

There were some good things about the buffet. There was an everflowing chocolate fondue fountain. Dark chocolate and white chocolate, with lots and lots of strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, and other fruits for dipping. I didn't care too much for the chocolate itself; I just went for those blueberries and blackberries because if I ate 10 pounds or so of those, I could get my money's worth. And I think I just about did that. 

One other thing I liked about Cafe Lago was this large selection of these mini-parfaits. In particular, there was a guava parfait that was truly special, and the others were good too. There were some jello shots that were quite good. And they had real ice cream, not soft serve.

So what Cafe Lago lacked in their meats, they try to make up for it in fruits, ice creams, and parfaits. I don't think that's enough to warrant a voluntary return visit, as there are much better buffets out there in Vegas, such as the one at the Bellagio and Le Village Buffet at the Paris Hotel.

Full post with photos on my blog.
The worst food....ever.......kill me now..........
Not much selection on food but they are ok. King crab leg and shrimp need to order each time and it takes longer time than I expected. The dessert sucks, don't even try them and not much of them to choose.
It is pretty simple for me when I come here. I like the shrimp cocktail but the draw for me is the spicy sauce. It is not the best anymore but how are you gonna beat all you can eat shrimp. I love the roast beef/ prime rib and the horseradish sauce. 

I have been going here 4ever to all of youse that didn't know the buffet was never huge and grandiose but whatever food they did have it was of high quality. I would say the buffet is here for the convenience of the hotel guests. 

I gets some veggies also maybe some mashed potatoes if they have it. Then there is dessert. Viva Las Vegas!
Very good quality, not crowded, service was good and $27 for dinner seems reasonable. Only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is the dessert bar wasnt that great.
Gosh, I don't see how this place can stay open for much longer. We should have realized that this place was going to suck since it looked empty. We gave it a shot anyway.

I can say the escargot was good, as was the prime rib. But that's about it. Sure sure they bring you a big plate of shrimp and crab legs, but you can get this at other buffets. The deserts were mediocre to sad. There aren't very many choices. Sure it looks like a lot, but it's all the same thing spaced out to look like there is more variety than what's actually there.

The utensils still had food on them.YES, FOOD! When we asked the waitress to bring us more forks for the crab legs she said something like "I've been telling him." WHO is she telling!? I thought SHE was our waitress. I felt like she did not really care what we had to say considering there were 9 of us, so her tip was already included. Her english was so bad we couldn't understand her AT ALL. Being the only multilingual person at the table everyone looked at me. 
Friends: What did she say?
Me: Huh?
Friends: What was she saying?
Me: How the h*ll should I know. She's speaking Vietnamese and I don't understand Vietnamese. ( non pun intended to my Vietnamese friend who was sitting @ the table with me). 

What really did it she told my friend that 2 beers were $22, and when the bill came ( seperate for alcohol drinks) it was $16. When he asked her about the price she tried to say that she told him that it was $16.22
She did not say that at all.

After all these things we will NEVER be back to this place again. Advise: MAKE SURE YOUR UTENSILS DON'T HAVE FOOD STILL STUCK ON THEM ( I'm sure you do that anyway, right?)
The buffet at Cafe Lago is slightly above average.  They don't have a super giant selection like some of the other places, but everything that they do serve is pretty good quality.  Sometimes, I would rather have a few quality items over quantity.  The buffet is more like 3.5 stars.

Also, while I was in Vegas recently, I got to eat here again for a wedding reception.  It was held in the large room in the back which accommodated 5 large tables of guests.  There was Caesar salad as the starter, and for entrees we got to choose between chicken, prime rib and salmon, and dessert was strawberry cheesecake.  The dining area and place settings were extremely elegant and classy which I really liked.  I wish I could say the same for the food. The Caesar salad was only average.  The prime rib I had was extremely good, but then I had also not had anything to eat all day and it was already nearly 8pm so that is probably not saying much.  And lastly, the cheesecake was pretty disgusting.  It wasn't the traditional cheesecake with the pie crust on the bottom.  Instead it was a lot like the hardest sugar cookie you could ever imagine. You couldn't even cut into it with a knife, let alone try to bite it off.  The service was good, but painfully slow.  From start to finish, it took nearly 2 hours to have salad, an entree and dessert.  I was about to raid the buffet instead.  Overall, I probably wouldn't want to host a wedding reception or any dinner reception here, unless it involved eating in the buffet.
The service definitely sucks here, but the food (breakfast, anyway) is solid and hearty. All the staples are present and the coffee is as good as anywhere in the city. Try to get a window seat on the south side of the room. The waiters are so slow and a bit uncaring, but mostly, a really cool place. Recommended!
This was the biggest ripoff in buffet history - the buffet is rather small and nothing stood out at all.  Stay very far away from this place - go to the Wynn buffet instead.  You have been warned.  If you do not heed this warning, shoot me an email and I will gladly fly to your location and punch you directly in the face.
I must say i was hesitant to try out this place after reading all the reviews but since this is the only buffet place in Cesar's and i had dinner voucher for this place i decided to take the risk. During the holidays they had special sea food special going on which include unlimited shrimps and crab legs. The seafood was fresh and delicious and for me that was a deal maker in itself. In general buffet i didn't find much variety. I tried dim sum ( average), fried rice ( average), two kind of sushi (below average), salad bar, baked fish ( average) and 4 different kind of potato( Awesome, off the hook). The dessert bar was another deal maker for me because it consisted of about 20 different kind of desserts. I think for $27 this place is definitely worth it especially if they have seafood platter as well. The server practically ignored our table hence the three stars
AWFUL, DO NOT EAT HERE.  

$40 NYE/NY Day buffet special was horrible.  You can tell this place wasn't built as a buffet.  On their special menu outside, they said it included lobster and a lot of other stuff.  Once inside, there was no lobster in sight.  I asked the waiter, the sign said there is lobster, can you tell me where it is?  He said, it is lobster bisque, it is a soup.  OK - now I am some sort of dumbass?  I went to the soup section and there was some nasty chowder and something else that looked nasty.  No lobster bisque.  I finish my horrible meal and go outside and my eyes didn't lie, it said LOBSTER you f*cK.  Would not recommend anyone spend their money here.  The only thing good where was the chocolate covered strawberries.  I ate here for free (comped) but still left furious.
I was not impressed at all the only reason they got the 2 star was the desserts were good but the selection was so small but they did have crab legs and peel and eat shrimp chilled But they bring it out to you we had 6 in our party they brought us 8 crab legs and about 16 shrimp enough for me to just get started and it was work to try to get a second platter with less than the first 1 so I filled up on line foods nothing terrible as far as taste goes but I have had much better but not big on buffets anyway with a little effort you will find better places
One price for the cool decor and good service.

We went here because we couldn't make up our minds about where to eat. We don't usually do buffets, but since we were staying at Caesar's, it was just easy to go here for lunch. There was no line, and the place looked nice. But, the food was horrible. 

The run-down:
Pasta station -- pastas were way overdone, sauces were equivalent to Chef Boyardee in taste. Bland, horrible.

Prime Rib -- Fatty, lots of gristle. Au jus had no flavor. Mashed potatoes were mushy. Horrible.

Chinese -- Fried rice tasted days old, and kung pao chicken tasted like shit. Horrible.

Sides -- Steamed veggies were ok, but you can't go wrong with steaming any food. Grilled corn was rubbery, tasted like it had been sitting there for hours. Nasty, horrible.

Dessert -- Chocolate chip cookies were crunchy, not chewy. Tasted like they were out of a package. Single chocolate truffles tasted cheap and stale. Chocolate covered strawberries were a bit mushy and the green tops were wilted and brown.

Save yourself the money, time, and taste buds. Go elsewhere.
I usually hate buffets, but this is really good. They don't have as many choices as most buffets, but the food is actually really good, not just mass-produced crap for the drunken masses(not that I'm above getting a little drunk in Vegas)
My favorite Vegas buffet by far.
Located inside of Caesar's, we ventured into this buffet solely because we were starving and too tired to go anywhere too far.  We came during the weekend brunch just as it was transitioning to the proper lunch menu so we got to same both selections.

Overall, Cafe Lago is a bit of a disappointment for a buffet, but the price is on the lower end compared to some places ($25).  The food was decent, but the overall selection was quite minimal.  There was no proper salad bar, and I just felt that there should be more food variety.

There was a nice pastry selection, but unfortunately, it was shut down at the end of the brunch hour.
This is a smaller buffet but it's not about quantity it's the QUALITY. 

I've been to plenty of Buffet's (now i have to go back and review past buffet's so that you'll see how many I've been to) and this one is GREAT! 

I would also like to applaud the desserts. My boyfriend isn't a big fan of sweets like I am, but he LOVED LOVED LOVED the cream puffs and the mousse shots; he said that they tasted just like a caramel latte. 

first stop the next time I'm in Vegas is THIS BUFFET!
I hate buffets to begin with, so this is a pretty biased review.  My friends and I were in town during the special, $29.99 all you can eat for 24 hours, at all participating harrah hotels.  Line was long, about a 1 hour wait, which is expected.  Got our wristbands, and headed for our first meal in vegas.  The only good thing I recall was the prime rib, although a little too rare for my liking.  Other than that, buffet food is pretty nasty to me.  Right when we left, my friend's wristband snapped off, we tried to get management to issue a new one, and they refused.  They said it's good as long as we have the reciept to go along with it.  Well, the next night for dinner, the buffet at Rio, told us something completely different.
Cafe Lago is the worst buffet among all of Harrah's casinos.  Yes, even worse than Imperial Palace.  For around $13 (brucn) at IP, I didn't expect much but cafeteria food and it delivered (good omelet).  But for $25 at Lago Buffet, I would at least expect  SOMETHING a little, just a little, more.  But I got NOTHING, absolutely NOTHING!  

There were very few selections/varieties.  Italian station only offered 4 different pasta and looked like canned food.  The carving station offered Turkey and Prime Rib.  The Prime Rib was not prime at all.  My fiance asked for the end cut.  It was so tough that he couldn't cut it with a regular knife.  And guess what, the server said they didn't have any steak knife!  The only thing somewhat edible was the Roast Chicken.  

The salad station was pretty pathetic, no hard boiled eggs, beans, mushroom, or celery.  What the heck?  This is a buffet, the least you could do is offer a descent salad bar!  

There were 3 kind of sushi rolls, none I would even dare to touch.  And the Chinese station had 3 dishes - stir fry shrimp, beef, and fried rice.  There were also 2 different steam buns.  And the dessert station had nothing, absolutely nothing that even looked remotely appetizing!  Give me a break!

Caesars is supposed to be the better (if not best) hotel among Harrah's chain, but it has the worst restaurants (yes, I've tried a few).  Lago buffet just proved it again.  

If you must have buffet because you want to use your comp for food at Harrah's, take my advise and go to Rio's.  At least it's edible there.  Whoever is in charge of the restaurant at Caesars should be fired!  Whoever runs the Lago Buffet at Caesars should be kicked in the a$$.
I liked Lago but I didn't love it.  I think it had something to do with their selection which is no where neat the size of Le Village Buffet in Paris.  The food that I did have was very good.  I was there for breakfast and the omelet station was appreciated.  I would be willing to return if I were walking through Caesar's and hunger hit me -- especially during breakfast time.
Me and bf went to Cafe Lago on 4/25/2010 for sunday brunch.  We had a great time there because the atomsphere was cozy and nice, and the staff were really friendly, too.  

Food was okay, lack of variety is probably the weakness, but the quality of the juice, omelet, crab legs, prime ribs, and pancakes were pretty good, at least i kept wanting more and more.  Sushis do not look good just like many other buffets in vegas

we enjoyed and had a great time, if you are looking for a good place to chat and just relax and enjoy some food, this is for you!
I thought that Cafe Lago would've been amazing because it's in Caesar's Palace, but no. We all had maybe one plate and were done. The crab legs weren't cut in half so it took forever to crack each leg individually. I know, I'm lazy.. But hey, if the lower end buffets are offering it, you think they would as well!

Waste of money, waste of time. Will not go back.
Came here on a Saturday night, consider it's Caesars Palace, $27/person is a decent price level.

I agree with some of the posters here, Lago's food selection is very limited, however, like one said, their quality is good. Overall, this is a OK place to dine at, nothing too fancy, but not bad either..
Must say one of the worst buffet I had. The foods had limited favors, not much of a selection and please don't try their Pho! Dessert I must say was great.
Just went to Caesar's Palace buffet (Cafe Lago) and I have to tell you not to go. I broke a buffet fans basic rule, go in and look at the food that is being offered and the surroundings you will be eating in then go stand in line. If you must go please follow that rule and you will see why this place gets only 1 star. In a nutshell there is a very small selection of food that is being offered here, of which most is either bland or just over cooked. The desert bar is so small and offers things like chocolate chip cookies and mini cup cakes as its mainstay, my girlfriend compared Cafe Lago to the Hometown Buffet but I told her the Hometown Buffet at least has soft-serve ice cream and is almost 1/3 the price.
Went to Vegas over Memorial Weekend and Caesars Palace buffet was MY FIRST VEGAS BUFFET EVER! My friends and I did the buffet deal where you pay $34.99 (ended up being around $43.00 after everything) where you can go to any of the 7? specified buffets in Vegas however many times you want within a 24-hour period. We made it suffice for 3 meals!

The wait time in line didn't seem too terrible and moved at a steady rate. The service was good and the variety of food was also good.

Their creme brulee was SO GOOD.
Definitely check out the hotel's pool just outside of the buffet. It's awesome!
If I had the option to put zero stars... this would be it... I'm really disappointed about wasting my time going through traffic just to check out this place that doesn't deserve to be called a buffet.  They make Hometown Buffet look like its 5 stars!!!  Upon arriving, thank goodness I was able to bypass the long line with my Total Rewards Platinum Card... It was very unusual that they didn't have a special wait area that immediately had a host service you... It was such a joke because to consider this place is Caesar's Palace!  Harrahs should really do something about this because this could be a turning point when you won't see people come back and put a bad name to it!  I did purchase the 24 hour buffet and thought Planet Hollywood was ok... Paris was not great in service... I will specify in another post for that place... Now I understand why upon arriving outside the entrance a group of guys stormed out of there saying out loud and warning people that it was terrible not to waste your time and money.  I really felt sorry for those people who were standing in line for that!  Lets just say your kitchen is probably bigger than what they had goin on there... The food was bland... no variety... almost felt like I was selecting food from a hospital cafeteria...no joke and I'm not exaggerating either!  Take my advice and anyone that has complained... do not waste your time go directly to the RIO Carnival Buffet... 2nd if you have to Planet Hollywood is ok... unless you have platinum or diamond , seven stars membership be prepared to be in a long line... Or take someone that has access to walk thru VIP... Hmmm why didn't I go on yelp to check the reviews before wasting my time here...ummm never again!!!
This buffet was ok.  I wanted to eat at the Paris for the champagne brunch, but we got tired of walking around in the 112 heat so we stopped here.  Sunday Champagne Brunch is $24-$34, depending on champagne.  I was surprised at how tiny this buffet was.  I was also disappointed with the breakfast selection.  I wanted some pancakes or waffles, and even though they did have an egg station with some chef approved Eggs Benedict, it was lacking.  The quality of the food was good, just the selection was poor.  Probably won't come here again.
this is a pretty decent buffet...went for bfast & lunch...plenty of variety...banana chips, cereal, blueberries, raspberries, omelet station (long line), meat, seafood, breads, salmon etc.
Still one star.  Since i had the buffet pass, I wanted to see if things have improved since my last review and wondered if these 4-5 stars are actually true.

No, they are all lies.  I would say they were either too drunk to know what good food tasted like or they are affliated with Caesars in some way.

Too little selections.  Low quality.  Does not taste good.  Long waits in lines and service is spotty.  Danger Danger Wil Robinson.  Danger!

I am not anti-Harrahs.  I just love good tasty food.  Rio Carnival Buffet= tasty food, great selections.  Harrahs = great tasty food (bit smaller than Rio) & wonderful desserts.

Cafe Lago is should be renamed to Cafe Sucko.  Don't listen to these fools about this place being the "best buffet" they ever ate.  You go to a buffet for great selection of foods and this place doesn't have the great selection.

Again, do yourself a favor and walk through the place before paying.
I've been here twice. The first time I don't really remember the experience, but my friends said it wasn't that good, so I'll take their word for it. The second time I ate here was just YESTERDAY so I remember it perfectly. I came to Cafe Lago for lunch with my family yesterday.

But before I get into that, I'll just say that depending on where in Caesar's you're coming from, I felt that Cafe Lago was IMPOSSIBLE to find. I was annoyed that there were no signs directing you to the buffet. Also it was a Tuesday that my family and I were first trying to find this place. It took us almost an hour to find because they had no signs and we had to ask like 3 different people. The 3 different people pointed us into the direction of the restaurant and when we finally found the restaurant, there is a sign out by the entrance that said that the buffet is CLOSED for lunch on Tuesday and Wednesday. I was so annoyed because I was wondering why none of the people who directed us couldn't tell us that? It was just very frustrating.

ANYWAY, we come back to Cafe Lago on Thursday just to try it out. When we get there, the line is pretty long... it's weaving around and everything but we still get in line. We wait in line for about 20 or so minutes. I'm thinking the place is good because there was a long line. Well, we finally get to the front and are following the host to our seat. I'm looking around the room and wondering why there is such a long line to get in.. there were so many seats AVAILABLE. 

Once we are situated and everything, I get up to get food. I probably only ate one full plate and some desserts. Normally at a buffet, I eat about 2 full plates and half of a third (I'm pretty thin but I eat a lot). The reason why I didn't eat as much this time, because the selection of food they have there isn't that much... I was pretty disappointed and I definitely prefer Paradise Garden Buffet (in Flamingo), much better than this one.

I want to say that I was most impressed with the desserts here, even though the desserts look pretty much the same in all the buffets. These desserts had their own little area away from the rest of the food.

Anyway, I'm pretty sure I won't be back here for a long time.
After a bad market spice buffet, I was looking for redemption at the Caesars buffet that I simply did not get.  From what I remember many years ago, it was small but quality was high.  There were some items that were good at the buffet (chicken, pasta) but everything else was ok.  The soda pitcher sat there the entire time we were there and everytime I asked for a refill, it was from that same pitcher that sat at the waiters table.  Also, our waiter disappeared for 10 minutes at a time.  Just a major disappointment....
We saw the $34 for the World of World Buffets (basically you can go to any of Harrah's 5 buffets as many times as you want for $34), and decided to check out Cafe Lago first because we were already in Caesar's Palace, and everything else about this place is pretty spectacular.  

We arrived for a late lunch at 2pm, and there was still a crazy long line.  We ended up waiting for an hour and a half, for a buffet that probably wasn't worth the wait.  The food selection is really limited.  They had really dry prime rib, bland sushi rolls, unshelled shrimp, sad looking crab legs, and a bunch of other unmemorable items.

The dessert selection was also limited too (compared to Bellagio and Mandalay Bay), but I must admit, I loved their cannolis and the fresh cantaloupe and honeydew were juicy and delicious!  

If you do get a $34 buffet pass to all the Harrah Buffets, I recommend the Paris Buffet over this one!
So, this was the first stop (Saturday brunch) in the 24-hour glutton-fest known as Harrah's Buffet of Buffets.  Unfortunately, instead of starting off with a bang, it was more like a fizzle.

I hadn't been to Caesar's Palace since I was a kid, so the whole hotel area was pretty much a new experience to me.  After parking, we basically traversed the entire casino floor to reach the Lago buffet.  Expecting an extremely long line, I was pleasantly surprised to only find a pretty long line.  However, the line did move quickly and it probably only took 45 minutes to get through to the cashier.

After some seating confusion, my group of 10 was split up into two groups of 5.  Which was fine, since we avoided the 18% gratuity charge tacked on for groups of 8 or more.  What wasn't fine was the cashier openly complaining about how my friends paid individually (instead of the entire group on one bill).  

The food, was, well, okay.  Nothing too special, nothing extraordinary popped out in my mind.  It didn't stop me from stuffing my face with two plates and a plate of desserts, but overall it was meh.  I had an iced tea, but a couple of my friends said their sodas were flat.

The dessert station had two desserts that I particularly enjoyed.  The first was this coffee (mocha?) pudding with a chocolate coffee bean on top.  The second was a raspberry pudding cup with you guessed it, a raspberry on top.

All in all, if you're staying at the Caesar's already, then it's not a horrible choice to go to.  However, if you feel up to driving or walking, definitely try another on the list of Buffet of Buffets.
For a buffet, this place was good. They try to deliver international food by providing a sample of it. They have stuff like sushi, variety of European meat, southern food, Italian, Chinese and etc. You can purchase a one time meal or $40 dollars for a 24 hour period. Hubby and I did that since we figured we'd be at Caesar's Palace for at least 2 days. The 24 hour deal is better, BUT...make sure you go and eat 3 meals so that would make your money's worth, lol.
I thought this place was pretty horrible, even the amount of selections. Even the 2 hour wait sucked! We came around 2 pm, and even stayed passed until dinner. No new items on the dinner menu. It still lacked. There wasn't many good things. The prime rib was a little dry and overcooked under the lamp. (I'm not a big prime rib guy to begin with), the things that were pretty good was the short ribs, coq au vin, and the mac and cheese. The sushi selection was bad. Umm...I wasn't very impressed here.
went here for their lunch buffet

alright .... you wait 45  minutes in line to see the friggin place has over half empty tables???? WTF.... its not a club where u have to create a line to make the place look like its poppin.... 

then we are seated for a table of 4, when we have 5 ppl...

now to the food...

prime rib was stringy and i was not able to cut it with the given knife... stopped eating that after the first piece....

the best items there were probably the omelet/eggs and the fajita tacos... that is pretty pathetic....

orange juice tasted like they watered it down 50/50.... and champagne was pretty bad...
went to this buffet tonight and it was not good at all.  Options were very limited, and there were no premium items other than prime rib.  I will not return.
I've been to so many buffets in vegas; this one is by far the worst one i've been to! and it's about $2 on average more expensive than the others around Caesar Palace (like Flamingo, Paris, etc). 
We went there for breakfast; and the food selection wasn't all that exciting. 

But the thing that annoyed us the most was that for about 20 minutes after we sat and got our food, no one got our drinks order. I'm used to be seated and asked for a drink order right then, so when you come back to your table your drinks are already there. 
And this was breakfast - so the first thing you want is coffee! 
We waited and waited, then asked a few workers, neither of them came back with an answer or coffee. Finally found our waitress, who was busy cleaning other tables rather than attending to the seated people.
Me think not!
One of the worst buffets I've been to. They're famous for their desserts but Rio's has way more (tastier!) dessert selections. Thank goodness I had the 24hr buffet deal which allowed me to try out other Harrah's Casino buffets, otherwise, my money would've went down the drain. I had one plate of meal and that was it since it was such a small selection of food (not to mention most of it were empty!) terrible! Plus the wait in line took forever! :[

I should've yelped this buffet before going !
Probably the weakest buffet I've been to on the Strip. Small selection, but definitely has the necessities like prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and king crab legs. But really, nothing spectacular and the dessert section was not impressive. Pass!!
This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.

Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours.

The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!

Lago at Caesar's-Big disappointment! Crowded and disorganized. The food was all sadly overcooked and underseasoned. The space was not inviting at all. Supposedly this was the stop for the best desserts...not so much. The dessert area had a small selection of individually sized plastic cups of mousse/pudding/goo of different colors. There were no actual signs describing the items so we had to guess what they were. Nothing was great, most wasn't even good. Sad. Even sadder, the champagne was warm and they were out of flutes so it was served in a wine glass...WTF?

Overall, my suggestion would be to skip this stop. While our server was pleasant, we only saw her twice during our stay. Dirty plates piled up on our table and were never cleared. I expected better...fail.
Came here as one of the stops for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour pass thing. It's nothing compared to the buffet at the Wynn but I don't think this buffet deserves so many one and two star reviews. Yes, the selection is limited but the food isn't crappy either. The interior is inviting. The line sucks unless you're a diamond/platinum member.
Food was better than la buffet at the Paris. This review is for breakfast
Pros
- Great omelet bar, with people making them on both sides so no lines
- Fantastic dessert
- All the breakfast fixings you would expect, including smoked salmon 
- Great desserts 

Cons
- Worst and most inefficient line I've ever seen. One person rang people up, literally taking 5 minutes per transaction. There were three people standing behind the cashier with folded arms, not doing anything. Over half the tables were empty. Same thing at the Paris buffet yesterday, I suspect they throttle the number of people coming in on purpose. Way to make people start a meal pissed off at the restaurant. 
- I find tipping at a buffet awkward. 
- The 24 hour package was included in our room, They make you wear a bright blue armband. Yeah, that will help my tan line. Lame.
My friends and I decided to try this buffet for dinner because it was part of the 24 hr buffet pass. At first sight, Cafe Lago didn't seem that promising-- the selection is very small compared the other buffets. As we passed the dessert section on our way to the table however, my judgement began to change. 

Our waiter was nice and took our drink orders right away. Then we headed straight for the food. I piled on a lot of carbs including bread sticks, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, and pasta. I needed it in my system for later, if you know what I mean. I don't know if it was because I had alcohol in me already but the food was pretty good. I really really enjoyed the bread and mac n cheese. Although I wasn't even hungry to begin with, I ate everything that was on my plate. 

And even though I just gobbled down a plate of carbs, I headed for the dessert. Everything looked good but I only had room to try the chocolate-covered strawberries and cheesecake. The strawberries were really good and I ended up eating like six of them. When I took the first bite out of the cheesecake though, I was just in awe of the taste. It was so damn good. It was almost like heaven in a little foil cup. The highlight of the meal for sure. 

If you have the 24 hour buffet pass, stop by Caesar's and at least try the dessert. It doesn't disappoint.
We came here because we got the buffet of buffets pass, and it turned out to be a really good deal! Because you can eat at any of the 8 participating buffets, for $39.99, for total rewards members, which we are! And it's $45.99 for non-members! Which is still a great deal! 

I have to say, this place has the best salmon ever! We came here, and I was hungry, and it was around lunch time! And of course I love to eat healthy (HA!), so I picked up a piece of salmon, and it was like biting into a piece of heaven! It was so buttery and wonderful!

This buffet is smaller than other buffets, and it is kind of hard to find, because it's tucked into the corner of Caesar's palace. But other than that, this place is pretty cool! You get a view of the pool, with the statues, and it looks amazing! 

The dessert bar was very good too! Sure they don't have ice cream, but they have a section of low fat desserts, which by the way, is good for people, who are trying to watch their weight! Like me! :)
The worst part was the flat cokes and bitter iced tea.  Everything else made up for it.  Excellent, excellent prime rib so tender you can cut it with a fork.  Limited variety of food but excellent ambiance, especially by the fountain.  You don't feel like you're in a cafeteria like with most buffets.  Nice booths with big tables to accommodate all the plates that tend to accumulate at a buffet.  Not much kid food (no pizza) but my picky eater had a roasted chicken leg, corn on the cob and minestrone soup.  I actually prefer the smaller buffet because then I don't stuff myself trying a little but if everything.  Service was good.
I'm not a buffet person and I typically would dismiss it as a day of gluttony.  Anywho, we ended up waiting to get in Café Lago because we were trying to meet up with friends who were in there.  It wasn't too long of a line so we waited, but before we knew it an hour flew by and our friends inside decided to leave.  We already invested an hour in so we felt we had to suck it up and wait some more.  HUGE MISTAKE!  

I haven't been hiding under a hole all this time so I do realize that workers in general are frigging slow.  And not only are people working at a slower pace, but these specific workers at Lago were unorganized and had one person helping out a long ass line. They finally recruited another person, but it didn't do much for the line.  We finally get to the front and the lady was surprised we waited a whopping 2hrs.  I had been munching on mints to kill off the hunger pangs.  And as we are seated we were greeted by a waitress who looked down on her luck.  I envisioned a dark cloud of rain following her every movement.  Perhaps Vegas had sucked the essence out of her, but I did not care to have her giving me these awful vibes. 

Aside from the waitress, you would think that with all that waiting it must be good.  NO. The buffet was puny and the food was nothing spectacular.  It fell short on my buffet standards, which wasn't much of a standard to begin with.  I have been coddled by the SF bay area buffets and seeing something so miniscule disappointed me in a way I did not realize could happen.   The only thing worth mentioning was the prime rib, but everything else felt like a joke.  The place is known for the desserts, which was lovely to look at, but I didn't spare it a second thought.  I'm not a dessert person so I didn't even bother.  My friends collected all sorts of sugary items and they only liked a specific cookie.  

I would not come back again unless something drastically changed.  It was quite disheartening.
What a disappointment. Caesar's is the flagship casino for the Harrah's group so one would expect the buffet to be held to the same standard.  If you are looking for selection skip this buffet. The food is not bad, in fact, it's pretty good but it offers only a fraction of the items found at other buffets. Don't waste your time.
One of the worst buffets in Las Vegas, period.  Very poor selection of food and of those available, marginal quality.  Stay away and go to Wynn - more expensive but definately worth it.  Even our waitress said not to drink the cheap campagne - it's low quality and will give you a bad headache.
Have been to many LV buffets and this ranks as the lowest of all.
Selection isn't as great as other major buffets but the quality of the food makes up for it.  That and it's price point ($20 for lunch) is fantastic.  Great value in my opinion.
One star removed from the last review. Still slow and disorganized. Food is still over cooked and under seasoned. Honestly I don't know why we went back when we were so disappointed the first time we tried this buffet.

Will never be returning to Lago...and I mean it this time.
Stop 5 on our buffet of buffets journey. This buffet was just okay. The crab legs were bigger than the Flamingo's and the Mac and cheese was good. The cookies on the dessert area looked dry. So-so overall selection.
"I've experienced better" would be the understatement of the year. 

Our waitress talked to the people at a table directly behind ours for 10 minutes before coming over to ask us our drink order. Brought us our drinks and she didn't come by again for 20-25 minutes. Then we got up to get our own drink refills and she finally noticed us...

Meat was way overcooked and the guy cutting the meat wanted nothing to do with me...or anybody else there for that matter.

Weekends you get the free champagne hookup. That's a plus.

Generally the food selection is not that great especially considering how much you're paying for it...

I've been more impressed with Golden Corral.
Veni, vidi, vici. I came, I saw, I conquered. If Caesar envisioned a buffet in Las Vegas, this would be it. Quietly nestled next to the Garden of the Gods pool area. If you park in self parking, get ready to walk a ways to get to the buffet.

My first visit to this buffet was also the first time I heard that Caesar's Palace even had a buffet. I have been to Caesar's many times over the years. This buffet is definitely worth the price. When I went, a deal was going on that allows people to buy a 24 hour wristband pass. This pass allows people to go to any of the Caesar's Entertainment Corp properties buffet's in 24 hours. The idea was to visit this one for a late lunch after going to a dinner buffet at a different location the day before.

As you'd expect, the line was very long to get it and even if you have a wristband, you have to wait. Be ready to spend about an hour plus to get in. The seats encircle the entire buffet, so anywhere you are located, even at the edges, it's easy to get to the buffet area. The service was good and the lady offered many types of drinks, which some buffet staff do not do. I was with my party, at the buffet, for a fair amount of time and my waitress went home after shift change. The new waitress was just as nice.

There are a lot of options to choose from including a large meat station that serves excellent prime rib and good sushi. I went during the Thanksgiving weekend and an entire area with a lot more food was setup to include roasted slices of turkey, stuffing plus lots of other trimmings. I'd expect this area to be full of other kinds of food during normal days at the buffet. Thanks to Caesar's Entertainment Corp for supplying me with a buffet wristband to test a few out.

The prime rib is juicy, some of the best I've had. If you like Caesar's Palace and descent buffet food, you should try this one.
oh lordy, where do I begin. After a night of drinking at Rain Club in Palms, all i wanted was some good hot soup. We decided to try Cafe Lago, maybe something light and soupy.  As I make my way to the food court, I went to the soup section and there was only one, and it was so gross. The soup were dark color with corn, beans, and whatever the heck they can throw in there. I skipped the soup, I then started at the end of the line to see what I can scoop onto my plate... I got a piece of roast duck, ravioli, penne pasta, a roll,and steam vegetables and realized I was at the end. Then I did a double take and walk thru it one more time and concentrate what my sensitive stomach want. I added one more item which was a slice of turkey. Got back to the table and told my husband what a waste of time, should of just stay in and order room service. Guess what... my kind husband brought me something he would never eat; a bowl of soup and say, "that's all they have". gross no thank you, I was so disappointed and couldn't wait to give it 0.
If I could give no stars, I would.

You would think that Caesars Palace would have a grand buffet, but think again. The wait is extremely long. I think my family and I waited around 2 hours to get in. The selection is very minimal. I mean literally, when I reached the very end of the buffet... I said, "That's it?" Everything is dry and salty. You got your typical fried egg rolls, prime rib, "fresh" salad, and two choices of pasta. The only thing that I could say was decent was the shrimp. There's a dessert bar shaped like a circle... and everywhere around the circle is the same damn dessert. Oh and the pumpkin pie, looks like it's bought from Smiths or something.

Just horrible. Will NEVER come back again.
Good place for breakfast,

Be aware of the line that took me about 30 mins.  I got the $39.99 buffet card and went for late breakfast and end up at the table by lunch time. It had good desserts but not a variety of dishes to offer like other buffets in Vegas.  Small but good. 

Enjoy
If you love buffets avoid this one at all cost. For dinner the only edible food was prime rib. Dessert was terrible even the ice cream. Do not waste your time here: selection small and not quality food.  Service was great.
I'm really confused about the low ratings for this place. My gf and I had a really great experience at the brunch buffet on New Years day. It's probably not the most ginormous buffet there is, but do you really need to get "lost" in your buffet?

Value: Really good. For our $34.50/person we had blackberries, rasperries, star fruit, blueberries, mangoes, really well prepared salmon, a really good carving station, a make your own Pho bar with shiitake mushrooms, shrimp, king crab legs, ok sushi rolls, a really good omelet, good cheescake, good tiramisu.....and of course unlimited mimosas.  

Environment: Nice, fun water features and great service. 

Would i go again: Yes, but I'll check out the other Vegas buffets first. 

Notes:  Go at the tail end of the brunch buffet so you can hit the beginning of the lunch buffet. I highly recommend this as you get to have both selections.
If you purchase a Buffet of Buffets pass, don't waste your time waiting in line for the buffet at Cafe Lago. This was the most underwhelming buffet of the three that I went to (Le Village in Paris and Carnival World Buffet in Rio). I expected a lot more since it is located inside Caesars. 

So, the wait was about 45 minutes, which was bearable. When we were finally seated, we were put in those circular booth tables by the front. Very inconvenient to get in and out, but hey, I'm not gonna give up my seat after waiting for so long. But really, there was a lot of seat changing and scooting in and out of the booth. 

Sadly, the food was unspectacular. So unspectacular that I don't even remember what I had. I do remember snow crab legs  (my friend claims they use Challenge butter here; she says it's delicious). What I do remember is that the lobster bisque should be avoided. It didn't taste anything like lobster. I expected there to be more options food-wise, but not much was offered. 

The dessert section looks big, but it's the same desserts over and over again. I also saw some flies buzzing around, so approach with caution. Nothing really memorable here. 

Our waiter (I'll just call him M) was really nice and attentive. M. checked on us often and always walk away saying "Continue enjoying!" Nice guy! What was strange was that he kept telling us to drink our waters and made it a point that we should finish it all. I don't know why he was so concerned. Maybe he knew that we were going to have a wild night and didn't want us to get dehydrated.
Even if you had the "Buffet of Buffets" pass, I'd recommend checking out other places before here. For the regular price, I do not recommend coming here. I'd rather eat one nicer dish at a restaurant. 

All I ate here were some fruits and the rosemary chicken. Yes it was good but for $35? Hell no. And yes, you are in Las Vegas so there is a higher standard for buffets.  So, if you've ate there and didn't think it was bad, you are correct. It is not bad at all. But, as a Las Vegas buffet, it sucked. Very disappointing, since I love the Caesars Palace. You'd think their buffet would be as grand as their hotel.
Since we went here on a weekday, it was only a short line and a short wait! Since my boyfriend loved this buffet when he dined here with his family for breakfast, he had to show me this place. We were seated after waiting about 5 minutes and our server immediately served us our drinks while we took off to grab our breakfast. The omelette was DELICIOUS! It was freshly made and you can customize it however you like. Try the Denver Omelette which has bell peppers, onions, ham.. a little of everything if I can remember exactly. The french toast was delicious pairing that with the Smuckers sugar-free syrup, but the pancake was just okay since it seem like it was left there for awhile. On the side, there were pots of warm breakfast items like Egg Benedict, Sausages, Egg Sandwiches, and a few more. There's also prime rib for those who prefers protein as their kind of breakfast. At the center, there were a variety of pastries and cereal, something simple for kids. Over all, the most memorable item that I enjoyed most was the Denver Omelette. I wonder why the reviews are so low? If you're impatient, don't bother to head out to buffets during weekends and at dinner times, unless you are a VIP with those 5 stars or Diamond Member.
As far as buffets go, I think this one was very limiting. The good thing was that there really wasn't a wait to get in here, although it was for a Friday lunch. I am not sure if it was because it was lunch, but the food selection were really small. Every section seemed really small. The salad bar was miniscule with only an option of cheese and olives for your salad and dressing. They had an Italian section with one type of pasta. Really, just one type of pasta. A little variety would have gone a long way. 

They did have the crab legs and shrimp but the shrimp were not skinned. I don't have a problem removing the skin, but when other buffets do this for you, you would think they would try to follow. The best thing I ate here was their mac and cheese. That is pretty bad that the mac and cheese was the best thing I ate. 

Probably won't come back here again. There are so many better buffets to be had.
Caesars Palace as a Strip entity fundamentally has 2 severe flaws for being considered one of the elite casino properties in the world

a. its Sportsbook is so outdated, and in need of refurbishing and modernization.  Caesars Palace should have the premiere Sportsbook in town and clearly does not

b. Caesars is by far the Harrah Group's premiere Casino Resort in town, yet their buffet is the weakest of the bunch.  Thats bad strategy..

Yes, Vegas has become home of the celebrity chef and premiere entertainment, but people still come to Vegas to eat in luxurious buffets

Cafe Lago is quite simply limited in what it can offer to to its display area size which is a fraction of what you will find at newer properties

The quality of what they do offer is mediocre to ok at best.

Harrahs has spent a lot of money(over 2 billion) on the property since buying Caesars years back, yet has left Cafe Lago untouched. 

I think it a bad move and hurts their brand.

Breakfast here is $16 and isnt worth $10
Jez.  I expected better from Caesar's Palace.
So, we had purchased the Harrah's 24 Hour Buffet Pass (good call).  We had gone to Planet Hollywood and some others, but decided on our big night (Saturday), we would hit Caesar's before going out to the clubs.  Because, hey, it's Caesar's.  What a disappointment.  Compared to the other places that have miles and miles of food, this place was very limited.  The wait staff seems less than pleased to be there.  What a huge disappointment.  Especially since the ladies we were with wore heals, and we were staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers.  So that was a walk.  

I'd highly suggest you steer away from Cafe Lago at Caesar's Palace.  You will be glad you did.
I had a pretty good lunch experience here, but I do think the choices are limited compared to other places.  It's good for a change of pace though.
Though this buffet may not be the largest, all of the food it offers is good quality.

I've come twice, and both times I was very pleased. Instead of trying to ram all kinds of low quality food down your throat, they really try to serve the best. 

Seafood, a small section for Chinese food, meat station...Their omelet station in the mornings is amazing. Oh, and if you're looking for an ice cream/frozen yogurt section, they only offer cakes and pastries of all sorts. 

Try it out! Especially if you have the Buffet of Buffets pass because don't we already know you'll be stuffing your face at plenty of other places. Will it hurt to try one that doesn't boast itself on its overwhelming selections?
A majority of the food I tried was pretty good. I really liked the prime rib and mac n' cheese. The desserts were a highlight (the mini key lime pies were awesome). I also loved the roasted potatoes and would give the salmon four stars out of five.

My main complaint is with the size and variety of the buffet. We paid $26.95 a person for dinner and were expecting some grand spread. Instead we got a buffet that you can walk from one end to the other in less than 15 seconds. My heart sank when we first walked in and saw how small it was. I was so mad at myself for agreeing to go to this place without looking up reviews first. Fortunately, what little they did have was good enough to feel as though my money wasn't completely wasted.

I can't say for sure I would recommend this place considering what they charge and the limited selection. My dinner companions had mixed reviews about this place. I guess if you want to avoid the icky crowd you sometimes get at Circus Circus but don't want to pay Bellagio's prices, then this may be worth a try.
Quality food- I enjoyed the Champagne Brunch as part of my Buffet of Buffets deal. The made-to-order vegetarian omelet was delicious. Pancakes were great. Mimosa was super fantastically refreshing and clear. The chocolate tartlette was also unforgettable. Was impressed by the ocean/island-themed ambience. Yay!
Third stop on our Buffet of Buffets for lunch.   The main dishes were horrible.  It tasted almost stale, as if they were left overs from the dinner the night before.  The only saving grace was the dessert station, the cheesecake was my favoriate.
Caesar Palace should opt to not offer a buffet. To be honest, skip Lago Buffet if you can. 

But if you want to eat buffet style, don't want to wait in line and want minimal food options, I recommend Lago Buffet. 

The breakfast section is cornered off with just eggs, canadian bacon, hash brown potatoes and sausage. 
The lunch selection failed. Even the pizza crust was hard. The only food I really enjoyed was the salad that I prepared myself.. 
And don't be fooled. The desserts look promising, but its absolutely not. The cookies were hard. The pastries were dry. And what?!- no ice cream. 

But on a positive note, the zucchini bread is really good.
For the price of $29.99 per person we spent at this place, even though they served champagne for brunch...was not worth the total.  The food was poorly made and prepared for a buffet style atmosphere.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp where very salty and barely chilled with the amount of iced used to keep the seafood cold, on top of that there were no small cups for the cocktail sauce available, they gave me a soup bowl. The cook making omelettes was very rushed in cooking where the eggs were not cooked all the way and the bacon was too salty.  

At the table, there were hardly any servers around to ask for drinks and anything else we could possibly need.  So I ended up serving myself the drinks for our party since no one was available.

I only gave a few dollars tip for seating us and bringing out champagne in the beginning......and they still had the nerve to give me a mean mug look when we left with not even a "thanks come again" type of remark....I will be taking my brunch somewhere else next time I visit Vegas
absolutely loved this lunch buffet. the selection was refreshing and light. more salads, fruits, and the desserts were the epitome of bliss. 

A lot of people don't enjoy this buffet because there's not as much meat and such as you would find elsewhere, but I find it a refreshing change of pace.

The dark chocolate mousse is creamy and decadent. They have an award winning pastry chef, and it really shows :)
Love the yogurts and salad cups. Very tasty.
Wish I could have had dinner here too :)
I have only eaten at two Vegas Buffets, this one and the Wynn buffet and let me say you cannot compare the two at all!  The Wynn buffet was great and well worth the price tag. Lago was not worth even a quarter of the cost.  I have had better food in a hospital cafeteria!

The Lago Buffet was a huge rip off. The service was horrible and the food was worse then the service!!!! 

We had a table of six and no one had a good thing to say about the food, service or experience. 

Save yourself the let down and dine elsewhere.
After checking out some M&Ms and the World of Coca-Cola, we decided to get our eat on... Thank you Buffet of Buffets.

There was a line... it was about 5:30pm... I was excited about the second buffet. Since some of my friends had to take off to watch Phantom at 7:00 (I was seeing the Jabbawockeez at 9:30), I waited behind while the server brought us our cokes and waters.

We get seated near the desserts... I wanted to eat them all first! I did things the right way this time... I checked out all the food before deciding what to load up on. I went to the pasta station and got the cheese raviolis. These were super good, but me and dairy ain't friends, so I took it easy on them. They were swimming in a cream sauce. Wowie. I got a big piece of meat from the carving station... I didn't see any horseradish, but it was still good with gravy. I got a beet salad that came in its own cute little glass. I got a tomato and mini-bocconcini salad in its own cute little glass. It came on a bed of lettuce and there was way too much dressing. I liked that it had dressing on it already and that I didn't have to fumble for it.  That was it for the entree portion of my meal. I had my eyes set one dessert.

For dessert, I had a beautiful creme brulee. It was really soft in its tiny ramekin so my favourite part about creme brulee was a let down: I love cracking the top really hard with my spoon so the brulee shatters and I get a bit with every bite of custard. This was kind of fluid, but the taste of it was sooooooooooooooo yummy... just a bit firmer and it would have been perfect.

The mini lemon meringue was good. The fluffy meringue paired really well with the tart lemony filling. It was a one bite thing... I am sure most people would take two, but it was just so easy to pop the whole thing in my mouth and let all the flavours meld together.

I had a dark chocolate mousse in a cup. That was nice. It's kind of like a truffle, but in a cup and lighter... It was decorated nicely with a marbled piece of white chocolate.

I also had a chocolate tarte decorated with gold. Yes, that's right... GOLD! The crust tasted like shortbread. It was good, but I didn't finish it. I instead opted to finish the cheesecake of one of my friends who had to run... she told me it was wonderful. It was... I love plain cheesecake... and I got another creme brulee.

The server was nice... our drinks were brought fast. I think he was really busy because he seemed o be the only one in our area... the busboys were good too... they really hustled to take care of all our plates...
First buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  I was only here for breakfast so I can't really judge the offerings later in the day.  However, the buffet seems small and I don't see it offering too much in terms of variety.

The nice thing about this buffet is that they do offer champagne and bloody marys in the breakfast price.  Most buffets make you wait for the brunch hour around 10:30am.  A couple of mimosas started our Buffet of Buffets tour off right!

They offer sticky buns and roasted chicken for breakfast.  So they try to keep it interesting.  The grits were pretty good but the scrambled eggs were runny. Nothing really looked fantastic and I was starving!  I'm not sure if it was the lighting or something, but nothing looked good. 

Nice view of the pool.  This was one of only two buffets in the Buffet of Buffets that had an outside view.  

Decent buffet but it has size limitations.
We had $50 dining credit at Caesars and decided to go to lago buffet since other resturants we tried at Caesars before were not good and pricy. I was kinds of worried because of the bad review. It turns out not bad at all after comparing to the other two buffets at Flavor buffet (Harrah's) and spicy market buffet (Planet Hollywood) we had in this trip. We decide to eat as we are at a regular resturant to make our buffet taste better. So, we pay $8 ($29 pp minus $50 dining credit) for both of us to have nice beef noddle soup (pho), prime rib (with Vege), and desserts. I think that is a great deal. BTW, if you stay at Caesars, looking for their package deal for reservation to get a better deal. Service were all right as well.

Here are some comments on lago:

1). yes, there was a line before and after we eat (8:30 ~ 9:30 PM).
2). the food selection is good enough (include seafood, Chinese, American, etc.. not as much as spice market buffet or flavor).
3). Prime rib was pretty good
4). Pho (beef noodle soup) at Chinese station is very good
5). Desserts is very good
Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #1 of 7 9:00 AM

The first stop in the BoB tour, I was very excited and had a game plan of trying to pace myself.....that plan flew out the window within 5 minutes...ha!

The line wasn't long at all and our party of 6 was seated right away in a comfortable table near the buffet.  Since it was breakfast, I went for some Potatoes, Sticky Bun, and a Veggie Omelet on the 1st round.....the Omelet was huge and was the item that put me off pace.  It was all very good.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=1_0JKkNJl0voH_6aTkzFIA

Then, someone in the group mentioned that there was Pizza....what?!  At breakfast?!  I had to try it.....so I grabbed two slices of Pizza....that really blew my plan out of the water!  The Pizza was OK....I should have only had 1 slice, but I couldn't help it.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=BFsZj4u00m9buYo5LvZERw

They were serving Champagne and Mimosas, so that was a nice bonus....yum!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=aSlc68DA1JhT9mYuyeQpQg

Overall, the service was very good, the selection and quality of food was above average.  If I wasn't on my no-Meat fast I would have tried the carving station and had a few more items....next time.

Return Factor - 90%
Worst Vegas buffet I've ever eaten at for lunch. There's hardly any desserts or side dishes. Half of the thier food was dry (chicken, fish, turkey, etc.) Definitely not coming back.
$27 was a little steep for dinner, but since I wasn't paying... I've never eaten a dinner buffet before but I feel like the options were slightly limited, however exceptionally good quality!
My personal favorites: macaroni and cheese and this veggie saute that I cannot remember what was in it other than artichoke hearts. So good! I thought the prime rib was the best I've ever had, out of the bellagio buffet or the mirage buffet (both of which are great for brunch!)

One other touch that I thought was great was their fresh, whole fruit stand. Kumquats, kiwi, baby pineapple, blood oranges, and baby bananas. I ate several kumquats and would have taken a pineapple except that they had some already cut up (that was perfectly ripe and sweet, by the way) so why bother?

Next time we go up for memorial day weekend, we will be doing the buffet of buffets. If you time it right, you can get 4 meals out of it!
Food- 4 Stars 
Selection- 2 Stars 

We really enjoyed everything that we at at Lago. The Prime Rib was fantastic! But in a town that spoils us with it's overindulgent buffets, having a lackluster selection is going to glaringly stand out.
We stayed at Caesars Palace and decided to make our first buffet stop downstairs at Lago.  It was around 7:30pm and the cashiers were having some sort of problem because it was taking them literally 4 mins to process one guest....and we were a party of 13.....all paying separately.  I would say the only thing I enjoyed was the prime rib.  The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.  The cafe by work has more of a selection than here.  I do give them credit for the variety of dessert, but after being disappointed for dinner, I didn't crave any dessert.

The only positive is that we bought the buffet of buffets deal so the other buffets made up for it.

Caesars!  Step it up.
Ate at the Lago for dinner as part of the Buffet of Buffets promotion.  Since it's Caesars Place I admit that I had fairly high expectations for the food ... it was OK, but kind of a let down honestly.  There wasn't a very large variety of things to choose from - I went up to the buffet line twice and had sampled about 95% of the food available.  For dessert there was mostly just brownie type squares to choose from.  No ice cream, cookies, pie, etc.

As part of the Buffet of Buffets special I'd go back, but I'd hit buffets at Paris or the Flamingo first before I came here.
This one is another NO.  A BIG NO.

Came here for lunch during our period of Buffet of Buffets.  There were a couple of good items: braised short ribs & roasted chicken.  I had the crab legs (not Alaskan King Crabs), which tasted a bit old & just defrosted and the shrimp cocktails, which were completely tasteless.  Yes, I know you have to dip them in that cocktail sauce, but the cocktail sauce was way too strong for my tastes.

The dessert section was limited as well.  No ice cream?  Come on, man.  This is Vegas!

Here also the service really stunk.  Our waiter was gone for long periods of time but when he came around, he only serviced the tables next to us (HUH?).  Then when he refilled our waters, he refilled it with 7-up.  Blech.
It's not as expensive as the other buffets. The food didn't taste horrible, so that's why I gave this place 3 stars.

They have almost the same lunch and dinner menu. The only difference is that during dinner time they had dim sum food. There was no soup at all when I was there. That made me extremely sad. 

The dessert was pleasant. No icecream, which also made me really sad. 

I guess in short, this buffet was contradictory to the buffets. I've never been to a buffet where they had no soup or icecream...

There was everything else though...meat, crab legs...shrimp...
Came here because of the buffet PASS. I should've PASSed on this one!

This was almost as bad as the Imperial Palace buffet!!! Bad customer service, it took 20 mins for the person to verify our room and pass. It took the host 10 minutes to seat us. (mind you, we were the only one in line at this time). The selections were ridiculously few. The crab legs were on ice. Dessert bar was nothing to brag about. My bf left his hat in our booth so he had to go back in to get it and the waiter we had was quite grumpy about it!

I'm giving two stars for two reasons. 1. mash potatoes (it was so creamy and the best mash potatoes I've ever had the pleasure of eating). 2.Raspberry ice tea, just because it was the 2nd best thing there.

Lago Buffet @ Ceasers, you are NOT the business! I expected more of Ceasers.
A little pricey but worth the price of admission, even after two nights in Vegas.  The asian section was very good, their pork buns were good and the gyoza were amazing.  As per usual for buffets, the place to load up is the dessert section.  The macaroons were great and the selection and quality of mini cakes and pies were great.  The fruit selection was good, even though the quality was a little lacking.  The pizzas and pasta were worth checking out, and the drink service was good.
I don't know how others would again, rate this buffet so low!!!  I went on a weekend, so I understood how pricing could be on the higher side.  However, this buffet was sooooooooooo much better than the stinky Rio Buffet from last year's Thanksgiving Vegas trip which I took with a different friend.  Caesar's Palace's Cafe Lago offered a wide variety of selections as well and true they may not be offering certain types of food selections, but I feel that customers need to think about the main THEME of this particular hotel and casino for crying out loud!!!!  Caesar's Palace----ALL Italian, and plus, since this is an ALL-Italian buffet, they still offered a section on Chinese cuisine which I think was an excellent idea.  What they offered their from the Chinese cuisine was soooooooooo much more edible than what I experienced sooooo horribly from Rio's damn buffet!!!!  In comparison to Rio's damn buffet, Caesar's Palace's buffet is 10X better plus they have a huge selection of a dessert bar.  I wish I coulda eaten more that day I went on Saturday, March/26/2011, but------I didn't wanna upset my stomach from over-eating....from the plates I had, it was worthwhile to experience this buffet.
WORST DINNER EVER!

I could write a thousand words on this but i will keep it short. 
*Gave them two hours advance notice we had a party of 20, still waited 25 min. to be seated and the place was empty! I guess they just waited until we got there to push tables together. Worst part was that by the time we were seated we only had 30 min before they closed.
*Charged 18% gratuity at a buffet??? for what...tap water??
*dinner and tip was $35 and the food was bland and not fresh.
*They would not let us through there "gate" to tell the rest of the party we were there without paying and they would not let us pay till the tables were ready.
*Wait staff hounded us 3-4 times for our proof of paying slip and I reminded the staff that we cant even get in the door without paying and that's when they ACCUSED US OF STEALING! They later explained why they falsely accused us in front of other customers of trying to steal there food but no apology.  
This was a surprise birthday party for a dear old friend. We are all professional looking well dressed adults. Well behaved and we were treated like criminals or bums. I wish I could rate no stars. I left feeling sad that my dear friend had to spend his birthday at this place and be treated this way. I regret not demanding for all of our money back.
I ve written beforer just how weak a buffet lago is, especially given the fact it is in Caesars, one of the premiere Casino properties in the World.  But Iate dinner here thurs, May 12, and i would say this buffet is an embarrasement.  I swear to you that if they were the same price, you would finds better flavor and variety at Old Country Buffet.

Buffets in general stink.  You overeat.  But if thats how you want to roll, go to Bellagio or Wynn and pay $30 that is a lot more justified.  Variety here is weak.  Salad station non exsistent.  Dessert so underwhelming.  This place needs more space and a serious makeover is due.  Bring in a chef, not a food and beverage director to make this place respectable
DON'T COME HERE

I didn't know they had buffets this bad. This was included on the 24hr buffet deal Vegas offers.  It looks promising from the outside, we went for dinner.  As soon as I walked down the line of food my smile went to a frown.  Nothing looked appealing and it was a small selection for food.

They have random plastic cups with even more random things in them, I don't know if you are supposed to combine all of these little cups to make one salad or what, but it was lame.  The crab legs were super salty!  Soups were horrible and everything else looked so bad I couldn't even put it on my plate.  I thought okay this is a bust, but I'll go for dessert, it's hard to mess that up, right? WRONG.  They didn't even have ice cream, and desserts looked crumby.  What buffet in Vegas doesn't have ice cream!?!?!?  Oh wait, that's right THIS ONE.

To top it off we left to see if there was something we missed that was edible and when we came back to our table there was a swarm, and I'm not exaggerating, of gnats hovering over our plates. EWW, we told the waiter who happen to ask us how everything was and he stares at our plates and says, "what do you want me to do about it?"  

They should just close this down because whoever is running this shouldn't be in the food business.
I wish this place was not very memorable...it left a lasting impression of disgustingly BAD.  The buffet is tiny and the selection sucks.  Crab legs were tiny, still frozen in the center with some, and very limited; they constantly run out.  Meat selection was very poor and limited, tasteless, bland, and just yucky.  

The only good part is we were on the BOB 24hr buffet deal...otherwise we would not have tried it....but after this experience, I would not return unless they paid me!  One of the worst part is the stupid little cups of salads and yogurt...it's like they are trying to be as cheap as possible, not to mention the folks behind the buffet...just rude and extremely unfriendly.

Seriously...with the competition level of Buffets in LV...even though most buffet is a loss center to bring in gamblers...this buffet won't keep the players in the casino.
We've been going to Vegas buffets for 40 years - finally decided to try Caesar's. I figured that a 1st class resort would have a great buffet. WRONG!!!! Besides being the smallest buffet we've ever been to it was boring and uninteresting. Loaded with different pastas. Except for the cold shrimp, there were no shrimp dishes of any kind. Trays were left almost empty. I emailed the manager expecting at least an appology, but not even the courtest of a reply. This was the 1st time we ever left a buffet hungry. I hate to say this, but you would do better at any other buffet, and that includes Terribles! Actually, Hometown Buffet is better! Sorry, Caesars, you need to do a a LOT better.
My husband and I visited this buffet as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" tour in Vegas. This was the most terrible buffet I have ever been to in my entire life. 

Selections were limited and the food was not very fresh. I couldn't identify the contents of one of the fruit cups being served and asked the server what it was. She didn't know either! Neither did the other server she asked!

I would have been sooo angry if i had paid for this buffet out of pocket and walked into what I did. Even if we were to return to Vegas and do the BOB tour, I would skip this dump.

Honestly I was a little surprised how bad Lago buffet really was given that it is part of Cesar's resort. I've always envisioned Cesars as being a world class place. Boy did Lago chance my mind about that! The management really needs to clue in and fix this problem-child. It left a very bad taste in my mouth. 

AVOID this buffet! You will have better luck at Harrah's or the Rio!
I knew this place had bad reviews on Yelp before coming here, but I was looking for a light breakfast with the Buffet of Buffets pass before going to the pool, so I gave it a shot. Good choice!

The breakfast I had was great. They had multiple different sausages and other meats to choose from. Scrambled eggs were excellent and they had a lot of pastries and fruit to try, although no desserts.

Yes, the selection was very small here, but if you're looking for a light breakfast, especially with the BoB pass, don't be afraid to give Lago a chance.

Would I try lunch or dinner here, maybe?
Pretty lame excuse for a buffet to be honest with you! Caesars has a pretty good reputation on the Strip so maybe I was expecting too much but I didn't think it'd be this bad! Lunch and Dinner selections were very limited and nothing really stood out about the food at all. 

It's not HORRIBLE though! I enjoyed breakfast here. The sausage and biscuits were really good and they had made to order eggs benedict. I also liked the sausage table with the different varities. It is a part of the buffet of buffet's pass and we ate here a ton of times since we stayed in the Augustus Tower and the buffet is literally 3 min away from our room. Service was also pleasant everytime so that's always nice.

Really 2.5 stars, but I'm being generous with 3 stars..I'm glad breakfast was good here because it's nice to wake up and be able to use my pass right downstairs. But lunch and dinner, not so worthwhile..waste your calories at better buffets!
We had a free buffet ticket here but had heard bad things about it, so we decided to go for breakfast, because we figured it has to be hard to screw up breakfast.  This was like a Super 8 motel continental breakfast. Awful. Sucks!!  You would think for a place as nice at Caesar's Palace would have a better buffet!  They had breakfast stuff but then also dinner type stuff that we could only assume was leftovers from the prior night's dinner.  Will not be going back here again.
Horr-i-ble. Don't waste your time thank me later. Hit up Rio or Paris or flamingo. The best thing at this buffet was the corn on the cob. I created a yelp account just now so I can warn people like you my friend!!
We do not understand why Lago has such negative reviews - it is our favorite buffet, and we have done several.  Sure, it does not have as much variety as other casinos such as Planet Hollywood or Paris... the quality, however, is much better.  The meats are cooked better than most buffets, and the fresh fruit is usually much better.  We love their sugar-free desert options. Every time we go to Vegas, we look forward to eating at Lago.
They have limited selections :( Better go to Rio or Planet Hollywood
Mac n' Cheese, Potatoes, Pork chops (super dry) and breads was hard.

Service was awful, I mean how many times do we have to flag you down to get our drinks refilled? When they do get filled sodas seem really flat, I ended up just drinking the water.

I would say the best two things that I had that night were Pizza and Ice Cream. The person working the ice cream stand was super funny. I wish I could remember his name, but yeah made my night and glad he did cause the food wasn't all that good.

Save your money for some where else or if you have the 24hr buffet pass, I would say avoid this one and go to another one.
Need more selections!
Good thing I got the Buffet of Buffet 24h pass.
Expected better and was proven wrong, had dinner here.  Last stop for our BoB, which we barely beat the clock and expected a bigger, better selection.

There were not as many stations as other buffets.  The dessert section is in the middle of the walkway to the tables, which was a weird layout because it was far away from the food and in the middle of foot traffic. 

The rice pilaf, shrimp, roasted potatoes had no flavor and the Pepsi was watered down.

Just wanted to try it out and would not recommend it.  I guess there are better restaurants in the casino that the buffet was overlooked.

The cashier was a little chatty and she took longer ringing people up.

Our server was quick and always easy to spot.

I do recommend the chocolate covered Oreo w/a strawberry looking item on top - it was not a strawberry just looked like one.
A-OK. We came here for lunch on a Saturday thinking that since its in Caesar's palace that it would be a nice place for buffet. Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere and the service was good but.. the food was just mediocre and the best part I thought was the desserts with all the mini dessert dishes. Overall, this wouldn't be my first pick. I would choose another buffet over this one.
I did see the reviews and I should have turned around, but I guess I had to experience it for myself.  I was tired after a long day and had no desire to move or walk around anymore and being hungry I walked into this buffet.  I wish I didn't.  For the price I should have walked myself back into the parking lot and drove over the Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet.

When we were here most of the food in the enclosed hot buffet pots were way too salted and couldn't touch.  Perhaps the cook had an oops moment or something.  The meats were a bit dry and the selection that wasn't big didn't really look appetizing to me and for the most part I really didn't think it was all that fresh either.  It was just less than okay. 

The only thing I really stuffed my mouth with were the french macaroons I found in the dessert section which were pretty good and that was about the only thing I kept on going back for since the french macaroons just outside the buffet was costing like 3 for 10 dollars....lol.

Unfortunately, I will never return to this buffet even if I am exhausted and do not have the energy to walk anywhere else I will find myself any fastfood  over this place and will save my money!
In years pass I thought Logo breakfast buffet was one of the best in Las Vagas. This was our first stop for breakfast upon getting there. We get about early enough to go to breakfast, as you know is not always the easyest thing to accomplish in Vagas. The wife and I drive over the Caeser's Palace, mouths watering! Pay the price of admission($40) wait to be seated. (This is where the fun begins.) 

Get seated, wait for the server to come get our drink order so we could get started on the buffet. We waited 15 minutes maybe longer, enough time for my wife to go get her plate and then me to leave and get my plate.  No one come to help us, let me preface this by saying the place was not full, and there was 3 tables occupied in the section of May 20 tables.  By the way no server yet, but there are to waitresses standing and talking about lifes many important events.  Finally waive a waiter down to see if we could get something to drink, he takes our order, yells at you guessed it one of the two ladies still yapping away.   Start to dig in and every thing was cold!  My scrambled eggs were runny,cold, crescent egg and cheese sandwich was, have you ever had cheese that was heated up then cooled down then heated back up, enough said! Sausage, ham, bacon all cold. My be it was just me I thought, so I went back up got a bagel and lox, cream cheese. How could this be bad, right? I should have known just by looking at the lox, they were sliced thicker then I'm use to be still I piled up 4 slices on one half of my bagel grabbed the other half smeared some cream cheese on it. Nooooooooo, the bagel was stale the lox were so fishy I spit them out. 

I asked my wife how her food was. Wouldn't you know it she had the experience was I did, go figure! Lol! 

I will probably give Casser's one more shot but this was one of the worst breakfast I have ever had. I could have gone to Denny's across the street, ate for less money and gotten better service and been happy! 

Proceed with caution!!!!!
I would say that as far as what I have heard from other people, this buffet is an okay place to be on the Vegas strip. I heard other places that are worse than this one. I will share that I ate here for breakfast and dinner and it has a great selection of foods and some that are cooked to order. However, I know that other buffets have a bigger selection, but hey, for being a buffet, it is quite good. However, sometimes the waiter service is kind of not so great since a couple of mistakes can come out of them. I would say not the greatest food, but very decent as to the food. Their deserts, though, are good, especially their cheesecake!!!

 I would also recommend getting a 24 hour buffet pass if you want to eat here and in 7 other buffets that are owned by the same casino guide. It is a great way to have it. It is only $45 if you inquire with them.
Buffet of Buffets Stop #2 - Monday 2pm (7/4/11).

Despite the low ratings from others, I actually had a decent dining experience while eating at Lago Buffet.  It is quite difficult to find and yes, the selections are somewhat limited.  However, it is one of the BETTER buffets among Harrah's Buffet of Buffets in terms of QUALITY.

The line was long due to the long weekend, but the good is that they served Dinner Menu All Day long.  Once seated, our waiter took our drink orders and surprisingly, even their soft drinks (Orange Juice, in this matter) taste better than Spice Market Buffets, I wonder why.

Food wise, selections are limited, few breads, few salad toppings/dressing, Chilled Shrimp, Crab legs, Prime Rib and Ham, Sushi Roll, BBQ Chicken..etc.  However, the desserts occupied most part of the buffet.  Its extensive, carefully made, and delicious. 

I highly recommend this buffet for part of the Buffet of Buffet journey. Its perfect for lunch/afternoon tea or sweet lovers.
So we came here for lunch because we had the Buffet of Buffets deal and we were too lazy to walk over to Paris or some other hotel for lunch. We figured we would just eat enough to carry us over until dinner and that's exactly what happened. This wasn't because we were careful in not over eating, but because their selection is sooo little that there really wasn't anything to eat! The buffet is really small and nothing stood out to me. They have the bare minimum there. Not only that but our server SUCKED. Service was sooo slow and she never once refilled our drinks. We had to literally wave her down every time we needed something because she was too busy daydreaming about and walking like a snail then going into hiding. We definitely would not pay full price for this buffet. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else if you are paying full price for lunch or dinner.
$27 per person on a Saturday morning.  After waiting in line, for LESS THAN DENNY'S quality, we left shaking our heads and feeling terribly ripped off!  Horrible.  Do NOT, I repeat, not go to this.  Not a single thing was good.  Extremely limited selections. Downright terrible.  Caesars, you should be ashamed.
Did the Buffet of Buffets thing and went here twice.  Always my favorite for breakfast, since it has nice thick bacon and good french toast.  I usually just fill up on that 3 or 4 plates then hit some melon to trick myself that I'm doing something healthy.  Attendants are fast with the drink refills here
My friends and I came here on a Sunday for lunch because the line at the Bellagio buffet was too long. This place didn't have a line and we should have realized why. The food selection is very small and they have a lot of bread and pastas. The meat and crab were very dry and we couldn't even finish a plate. The dessert section was limited also and their ice cream machine was broken! The only good thing about this place is their service.
The service here is top notch and you should definitely leave a huge tip.

The food is not as bad as some have been saying. The buffett selection is not that great and taste can be improve a notch.
After my horrendous experience here I would NEVER want to go back nor would I EVER pay for the crappy ass service presented here. I am highly allergic to seafood and so I saw this label stating "chicken" but when I saw the entree itself it looked like salmon so I wanted to be sure and I was RIGHT. So when I asked the lady behind the counter she goes "its salmon" so I ask so then where is the chicken and it states chicken. So then she rudely replies "DIDNT I JUST SAY ITS SALMON?!" and then says to me"THERE IS NO CHICKEN....NOW DO YOU HAVE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR ME" So I said NO and quickly went to the manager and told her the situation and the best thing done was that the labels were rearranged but as far as that bitchy waitress or server, she was never handled. F%ckin ridiculous is if you ask me! NEVER NEVER NEVER again! DONT BOTHER COMING. As far the food goes the orange chicken tasted like literal oranges (gross) the drinks, even fountain drinks are served in wine glasses. Premade salad served in cups. I think their "cup happy" LOL this place was fckn hard to find within all of the caesars palace properties. It is so confusing. Anyways so we went to hell and back to find it.  The pesto tortellini very dry and lacking salt. The mashed potatoes were surprisingly good, the extra large stuffed ravioli was just OK. The little trays that are heated towards the wall are so annoying because the lid keeps fallin down while youre trying to get your food. Their labels dnt match their entrees even their desserts are served in mini shot glass sized cups. The apple crunch dessert is tasty. Strawberry shortcake is just okay. The chocolate pudding was good (liked the crunch on top) because it gave it some texture and they had this one dessert that looked like whipped cream who knows maybe it was! It tasted like a slab of whipped cream because it was so fluffy and light, hardly any flavor idk if its trying to be a whipped cheesecake but if so it was an epic fail.The white chocolate macadamia cookie really good BUT really hard lol not a fan of the chocolate chip cookie very dry and mediocre. Just because SOME of their desserts were tasty it doesnt reimburse the horrible experience and other food I had encountered here
went to the buffet because we were staying at the casino. 
really bad service.. our waitress saw that we no longer had drinksbut continued to clean her tables and then proceeded to walk off. the food was not all that. the buffet was really small considering it was in caesars.
 personally, save your money and go to a different buffet.
I really wish I would of logged on here and saw the reviews of this dismal buffet before I went. It would of saved me $29.13 & long lines.

Being that the buffet was located inside of the illustrious Caesar's Palace, I expected pure decadence. Uh...no. Basic Golden Coral fare was what I got.

Dry, tough meats, lackluster dishes and terrible mimosas were served. The best part of the food was the dessert, Mmm. That's how it got 2 stars. 

If you want a fantastic buffet full of variety in Vegas, bypass Lago's and go to Rio's.
My friends and I got the all day buffet pass and decided to come here for dinner since we figured Caesars Palace would deliver on a meal with lots of grandeur.  

Well, let me say...we were SHOCKED to see the small selection. The stuff I tried was OK, not great.
tri tip - pretty flavorful and they offered different temps of meat
salads - served in individual glass cups..kinda cool I guess
dumplings - your usual potstickers
pasta with tomato sauce - pasta a little too soft for my taste

Honestly, I expected more. My friends were sooooo disappointed we wasted part of our meal here, we decided to bounce and head on over to the buffet at Planet Hollywood. Good thing we got the pass because I would've been extremely unhappy paying full price for this buffet alone. 

Service was friendly though so I give them that! There was very little grandness to it all overall. Surprising because as we looked out the window to the pool, we saw a HUUUGE pool area and amazing fountains. The buffet itself was very plain and casual. What a weird contrast.
An average buffet at a world known hotel/resort/casino.

One of the Buffet of Buffets tour. Cesar's Lago is just ok with it's own jems. Overall the selection is very limiting. You have the standard buffet items roast beef, mac n cheese, desserts, a few asian, italian, and american fare. 

A few items i tried,
Crab legs - very salty and hard to peel. Most seafood is from frozen, but this offering wasn't top notch.
Meat carvings - pretty good, average for buffets
Omalete station - pretty good, a friend got a custom omelete i had a few bites from. should have got that. haha
Dessert - decent selection with and ice cream/gelato station
Sushi - three items, wasn't appetizing at all. avoid the sushi.

This isn't one of the buffets to go out of your way for. Unless you find yourself walking by, have the buffet pass and need some quick grub. 

Service was good for us, no issue with that. However, there are far better buffets to go to in the Buffet of Buffet list. 2.5stars
I only came here because we had the 24 multi-buffet pass.. otherwise I  would never try it for the price. I'm not sure how much it was regularly but if I had to pay full price it might be 1-2 stars.  

Food was all mediocre.. there is a fruit basket so bring a big purse/backpack and take some to go for room snacks! I know I'm super cheap haha.. I'll shell out the cash for exceptional food but places like this I've got to cut all the corners I can to make it more worthwhile lol. 

The one thing they have going for them is the dessert bar!!! I wasn't completely blown away by most of the items in particular but I did like how tiny the desserts were so you could try a huge variety! :) 

OMGosh the one item I will be coming back for is the *chocolate covered mousse truffle (whatever they are called) oreo kisses!!!!! Seriously are out of control GOOD!!! I'm bringing tupperware in my purse next time and loading up on these little babies!!! omygoodness!! haha

Decent ice cream, getting a waffle cone makes it kind of fun.

I'd only come here with the buffet pass, save one of your meals for another buffet and come here for dessert =)
Lago Caesars Buffet is not big.  It is not grand.  You do not get a touristy vegas buffet vibe to it.   It feels more like a hotel cafe than a buffet and sometimes that is a good thing.   

Normally, I would go to Aria or Wynn or Cosmo, but if I use Harrah's Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass, I find myself coming to the Lago Buffet most often.   

This is definitely not a special occasion buffet nor a place to showoff to vegas newbies and I wouldn't pay regular price for this buffet, but I know what to expect.

I think people are generally being harsh because it is small and unlike the other buffets like RIO and Spice Market at PH.    Don't come with high expectations and the buffet is fine.
We got the Buffet of Buffet passes for Vegas where we can eat at any of Harrah's 7 hotels, and this one was the most disappointing. I expected much better than this because it was located in Caesars Palace Hotel & Casino. The food was just straight up nasty. They didn't have a lot of selections and everything tasted like it came out of a can. Not only that, the buffet was hard to find! lol
Food was decent, service was horrible. Our waitress only served us drinks one time throughout the 45 minutes we were there.

We got the 24 hour deal for $54. It was worth it once we tried other buffets, ended up getting 4 good meals out of it!!
Clean. Selection is limited but the quality beats many other buffet of buffet colleagues. Desserts are very good.
2.5 stars. 

We were here because of a friend's recommendation (she loves the mussels here) and because we had that $49/24 hours of buffets meal deal. 

The food was okay, but they have a very small selection, especially compared to the other buffets on the Strip. 

The mashed red-skinned potatoes were very sour like they had a splash of lemon juice or capers or something on them -- not so great. 

It was all very run-of-the-mill food, but there were a few standouts:

- Chocolate truffle/light fudge covered oreos dipped in chocolate -- divine. I still have dreams about it. 

- Mussels in a light and spicy tomato broth

- Prime rib with horseradish sauce

- Buttery corn on the cob

- Green bean casserole

- Peanut butter gelato

Their other gelatos, particularly the peaches and cream, lychee, and banana flavors just tasted -- for lack of a better word -- soapy. The strawberry was okay, and the peanut butter chocolate chip was really good. But all the gelati had a really runny not-frozen-all-the-way texture that was mildly unpleasant. 

I really like the decor here; it's nice and open and has shades of royal blue and gold-ish beige all over the place. Very nice.

Service was slow. We had plates pile up, and it took an eternity for us to get our first refill on drinks, which was at the very end of our meal. 

Not sure if I'll be back without virtue of the 24-hour buffet deal pass. It's pretty price-y regularly priced for what it is.
This was the smallest buffet that we visited in Vegas, and the least impressive. We went for lunch on our last day and luckily, after eating at other buffets the day before, we weren't all that hungry. I ended up mostly filling up on salad and bagels with lox/cream cheese, pretty unremarkable for a buffet but that's really all that looked good to me there. Other items included a few pasta dishes, carved meats, and one or two breakfast items like scrambled eggs and sausage. I tried one or two of these things and was unimpressed, so  just went back for salad, pretty boring!

The two positive things I can say about this place are 1) that there was no wait time to get in and 2) you can get an ice cream cone to enjoy as you leave the buffet.
This is the worst buffet I have been to in Las Vegas.

 It reminds mind of a comic strip that I saw in the Chicago Tribune Sports section many years ago where the whole Russian baseball team had to take the walk of shame out of the dugout into the clubhouse and be replaced by a whole new team walking from the clubhouse to the dugout because the first team sucked. This is what Ceasar's Palace should do to the chefs that work on this buffet.

The pork chops and prime rib were dried out and inedible. The apple that I tried was old with that brown stuff inside. The three bean salad had cilantro sprinkled all over, who does that? I could go on and on, I will post pictures at a later time.
this place does not deserve any stars at all. My boyfriend and I were looking for a breakfast place and we ran into this one. We thought "how can you really screw up breakfast?" LAGO DID!!

We went for brunch, i think we JUST missed breakfast and I think it was 10am when we came. We paid about $26 per person and that was $26 down the drain for each of us.

The scrambled eggs looked so runny (egg beaters not even real eggs) and the hash browns tasted powdery...(it was probably instant). LIke everyone else says, there was not much to choose from. The beef i had was SO salty, at least it wasn't dry. The oatmeal was okay.  I had salad and I felt i could make a better salad at home. There wasn't many toppings or dressings to choose from. The best thing there was probably the fruit. Nothing really looked that appetizing so I didn't eat too much. 

We were both really disappointed with this buffet, especially with it being in such a nice hotel, you'd think it would be better! It was so bad that i forgot I was even in a nice hotel, I thought i was in some dinky hotel.

Listen to me and everyone else, STAY AWAY from this buffet.
This is the worst buffet (of the major hotels) that I have been to in Vegas. Critiques:
-very limited food selection
-no food cooked to order
-weak seafood (what buffet doesn't remove shells from the shrimp?)
-pastries were hard and clearly made in bulk
-few fruits
Sorry, but I was fairly disappointed in this buffet. I heard so many great things about vegas buffets, but this one is just your average. I'm surprised it's in such an exceptional hotel/casino.

For $30/person, I was hoping for a wider sushi section, pre-cracked crab legs, and clam chowder that actually tasted like clams were in them. This is the first time I've never finished my food at a buffet, strangely, I got the same opinions from our group of 8 people. Mediocore all around. :(
Finally, the elusive Lago Buffet in Caesar's Palace.... After all these years of hearing how this buffet was lacking in food for it being in Caesar's Palace I finally gave it a try... and guess what?  All the reviews were right on the lacking part of things... so here's what I thought of it...

1)  Decor was awesome!  Loved the interior and the design of the place... it's more like fine dining compared to a buffet... nice booths, white table-clothed linen tables, beautiful lighting, etc...  1 star

2)  Service was great!  Our waitress was so attentive and was always around when we needed... just keeping the table clean and table cloth tidy is totally cool of her.  Service received 1 star

So what about the food you ask?  Well.... not much...

Despite the fact that everyone in my party enjoyed the food, I, for one, was definitely not excited.  Being inside one of the most prestigeous casinos how you gonna have like a 5 stations buffet including salads and dessert?  I totally seen better.......

Everything I picked seems like it's either chicken or some sort of veggies... there is one single fish dish, and that's pretty much all the exciting choices that I can find... (and it was dry!)  Seriously folks... 2 chicken dishes done differently but they are still chicken.  Salad stations lack in choices of toppings, etc... I don't know.... I really don't have much to say about this buffet's edible contents... it's just so lacking....

So for all of you who is planning to visit vegas, for the price of $26 you can "DEFINITELY" go to another exciting buffet that will leave you breathless (literally)...but if you end up going for the 24hrs buffet feast, it wouldn't hurt to give this place a try...  other than that... it's really not worth the visit...
my favorite of the Buffet of Buffets.  Most people like the carnival world buffet better.  yeah that one had more selection but in terms of quality of the food, this one was tops.  it was so good that we had breakfast and dinner here.

compared to the other vegas buffets, this one was on the small side.  but it made up for it in the quality of the food.  for breakfast the standouts for me were the omelet station, steak and eggs, and the endless assortment of pastries.

the dinner was all about the prime rib and the crab legs and the sauteed mushrooms.  damn just thinking of the crab legs makes me wanna plan another day trip to Vegas.  

service was great too!
This was the last buffet my boyfriend and I came to on our BOB adventure. We had just eaten at the Rio and came to Lago really for desserts.

But of course, when we got there, we decided to eat some regular foods. This buffet was definitely the smallest of the three we went to. Actually, I think this buffet is smaller than Hometown Buffet. 

Anyways, I ate some bread...after doing some searching for butter. I know, it sounds minimal, but I really wanted bread and butter...but the butter is not with the bread? It's over by the salad part station, weird. Anyways, I got my bread and butter. I also got some ribs, but I was SO full that I think I only ate one. It tasted good, but I was so full that I really didn't want to eat anymore. 

I all the food settle though before going over to the desserts. At first, I didn't see the desserts and was like "WTF"?!?! But then realized that it was in the middle of the restaurant. I agree, the desserts are the best here! 

Service was a little slow on refilling drinks. He'd take our plates, but wouldn't ask if we wanted a refill, when we obviously had no more soda left. And the lady that was working as the cashier was super slow. I'm glad we had a lot of time to spare because I would have been sad if we didn't make it into this last one because the lady was ringing so slowly. 

Due to the small selection, I wouldn't come here on it's own. There's not enough to feel like I'd get my money's worth here. But if you're doing the BOB, coming here for the desserts is good enough!
Food is awesome! I'm thinking many people might not like this buffet because it is smaller than most of the others around the strip and therefore not as much selection.  But we did enjoy the actual food more than the other buffets so I guess it depends on what your goal is.
My husband said it was the best prime rib he's had in 15 years. All of the food was superb quality.
I was a little disappointed in the deserts. I thought they could have done better with that. It looked like the same desserts they had at all of the other Harrah's buffets.
So ... ... I really loved this buffet? *hides*

Maybe it was the low expectations from reading all the Yelp reviews while waiting in the (short) line for brunch; thanks guys! I honestly had a really great experience here.

This was my last BoB stop, which began the previous day with brunch at Paris. The selection is definitely smaller than the rest of the places we went to, but quality-wise, there was no comparison -- Lago all the way! Think about it, at a regular restaurant, all you want is 1 delicious entree and a couple of sides to be satisfied. How many yummy dishes do you REALLY need to happily stuff your face? If 5 to 10 quality choices isn't enough then... I don't know what to tell you?

So I think we arrived around 10am on the Saturday after Thanksgiving, and the wait was maybe 10 mins? They were serving breakfast foods when I arrived; exactly what I was craving post-clubbin'. Their eggs were way better than Paris's, quite the selection of meats, and the omelette station looked pretty legit. Plate 1 was sampling, obviously, but when I went back for plate 2, things started getting confusing... within 10 minutes, all the breakfast dishes had been replaced with lunch options. Not gonna lie, I was pretty upset at first (MORE BACON!!) but I stopped, thought about it, and realized I was getting 2 buffets for the price of 1! (Actually, it was BoB so more like 5 buffets for 1, but you get the point.) Which is perhaps why I wasn't too disappointed in their selection, who knows.

Prime rib, prime rib, prime rib, punctuated by a slice of bone-in ribeye. Mac n cheese -- the kind with a thick crusty layer on top, not the watery out of a box kind. Some guy whose job is only to cut fresh fruit and arrange the slices delightfully on a platter. Pretty good pizza for a buffet. Hot peppery chicken strips for the little ones and taste-bud-challenged. A selection of cold salmon, cheese, etc. Warm croissants. Funky looking dim sum things. After a plate of prime rib and mashed taters (post breakfast, mind you), how much more can a person eat? Even if the buffet had been a billion times larger, I still would have stuck with eating what I did.

Desserts were bomb, but my tummy was so distended by the end of 24 hrs BoB adventure that I only tasted some of the creme brulee, mini key lime pie, cookies dipped in the chocolate fountain, and gelato served in a waffle bowl. (Yikes, loseit.com here I come...)

Service was admittedly lacking; had to repeatedly work pretty hard to flag down waiters to fill out waters and get coffee. Environment was classy, well-lit, and welcoming; I wouldn't have felt as comfortable anywhere considerably fancier. Oh, and I thought it was kind of hard to find, so don't feel too bad if it takes you a while to get there. :-)

In summary, Lago has a lot going for it. I don't know how I would have felt paying full price for a meal, but as part of the larger experience, I was totally satisfied. Come prepared to have a good meal with a few quality entrees, and save some room for dessert! Breakfast ends early-ish, so take that into consideration.
Definitely a nice LOOKING buffet but not a nice tasting buffet. I came here with the buffet of buffets. This place gets two stars because of the decor... 
Everyone was raving about the desserts at the Caesar's buffet. So I thought I had to try it. But to my dismay, this was not good for even desserts. I tried every single dessert at the buffet and not one was memorable.  Most of the desserts consist of cream, and on the heavy sweet side.

I uploaded a few photos of the desserts, the selection was less than the buffet at Paris and Planet Hollywood. The only food item I liked was the noodle soup at the Asian bar and the pesto pasta. The ribs on the serving platters were too dry and most of the other items did not look too appetizing. If you are aiming to try all the 7 buffets with the 24hr pass, I would not waste my time at Lago. Go to Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, Paris, Rio or even Harrah! At least service was good... that's because not many people were eating here!
Not a great Buffet  by any means.  Still, you have you're usual items for dinner like the Carving Station, a variety of desserts, an obligatory amount of Chinese food, and a seafood section.  The overall decor of the restaurant is very nice, with it's super high back booths tasteful "aqua" color scheme.

 The fact that they heat up the crab legs for you is a plus.  There is a chef that puts your crab legs you've selected in hot water to heat it up for you.  

The salad bar section is very small and selection is very limited when it comes to fruits.  On a positive note, there is hand-scooped ice cream with Waffle Cone.  A nice touch, as not many buffets have hand-scooped ice cream.  

While participating in the Buffet of Buffet, my group decided on going to 2 dinner buffets at the same night.  So we stopped by the Lago Buffet at around 9:20PM, buffet closes at 10PM.  No problem, we thought.  So we ate dinner then dessert.  It was around 15 min after closing, they dimmed the lights.  However, our group was still finishing up our desserts.  Then 10 min later, they turned the lights out completely!  So there we were in the dark finishing up.  Wow.  If you let someone in at 9:59PM, you still need to allow them time to get all the food and at least half an hour to eat all the food.  This is after all, a buffet.  People need to be allowed time to eat all their food.

Turning off lights when a customer is eating.  Unacceptable.
Good food. Not enough variety. I went to the sunday brunch. Service was great. Lisa tried the dessert bar and had a sampler of minis. Her comment: "Delicious!". The wait was about 20 minutes but there was plenty of food.
This is by far the worst buffet my boyfriend and I have EVER been to.  Went here about 1:30 pm on Saturday, 12/17/11.  After 20 min of waiting for my tea, I asked our waitress again.  10 min later she came over with one.  She also took a whole plate of watermelon away that I hadn't even touched, and didn't ask if I was done.  I can deal with bad service, however, at a buffet.

What I can not deal with is bad food.  There was no selection.  Very small buffet.  The food they did have was crap.  Tasted like frozen food re-heated.  They weren't refilling anything in the buffet, so you'd have to ask for them to, and then they'd give you this dirty look like you were creating a sin asking for this.

Didn't have any butter sauce for crab legs.  No spreads for bagels or bread.  Salad bar sucks.  Desserts taste like plastic.

I also can't believe they charge $30.  I should've waited in line forever at the Bellagio buffet and paid less for way better food.
Why are people so harsh on buffets? Maybe it's on the service rather than the food? I dunno.

Anyways, I really enjoyed this buffet. I had the 24 hour buffet pass and this one was wonderful compared to the others.

The pastas and the desserts were notable and the other foods were all-around good. Not the largest selection, but it what they did serve was very tasty.

I liked this buffet and that's all that really matters.
Caesar's Palace fails to deliver as one of the top rated hotels in Las Vegas, Nevada when Lago Buffet was sheepishly introduced as a cut-down offering to those who seek the best in buffets.

Overheard in the Rewards Center from the employees is the hype that the food quality is "up there but the variety is very small".  Unfortunately, the food preparation compares to that of a Denny's Restaurant at Bellagio prices!  Even the servers and employees are embarrassed to recommend Lago Cafe.

Pricing is about $20 per person for breakfast with 12 different entrees. Scrambled eggs, hash browns, 3 types of sliced bread, two types of sausages, carved chicken, ham and roast beef, biscuits and gravy and finally mashed potatoes.  Of course there are coffee, orange juice with more arsenic and cranberry juice.

For lunch, add $5 more and get skinny king crab legs that are cured in salt water and washed out shrimp.  Lots of cheap pasta.  For kosher folks, you get slimy salmon and suspiciously low grade beef that may not be kosher.

Anyone who endorses Caesar's Lago Buffet has to be stupid because there are far better spreads with first rate chefs that runs circles around this over rated scam.

Which one's?  I mentioned it. Bellagio.  For around $22 including tax, you get over 3 times the entrees that actually taste like a cuisine. Unlike Lago, Bellagio actually has pride in their presentation and flavors.  Each taste, each morsel is filled with surprising good flavors and desserts! Let's talk desserts.  Lago presents crummy cookies and questionable donuts that are laughably small.  Bellagio? WOW!

Caesar's Palace Buffet Lago can be best described as disappointing and a waste of money.  People who praise Lago are simply not smart or have common sense. When employees in private don't recommend Lago, then that says a lot about why you should go elsewhere.

Caesar's Palace Buffet Lago food can be best compared to Sunset Station's Buffet.  Food is OK quality. The only difference is that Sunset Station charges $7 versus +$20 for a lot less variety of food.
Caesar's Palace is a world known hotel & casino. Now it is known as the worst and most disappointing buffet in Las Vegas, Nevada.  The selection is very small. What is served is not top notch but quality of a Hometown Buffet for $30 per person.

Why would anyone go to Cafe Lago Buffet?  Because the allure of Caesar's Palace first class aura.  Don't be fooled and lied to by employees who post here.  Lagos will disappoint and insult you for paying for what you will never get.  Service is Off and On.  Undependable.  I was warned and did not believe. Now I know that I will not recommend this POS in Caesar's Palace.  You can dress a dog and make it stand on it's hind legs but it is still a dog.  Apologies to all dogs but not about Cafe Lago Buffet. 

Lago is all about the con games played out.  Bring you in and flip you for being a fool.  So don't be fooled. Go anywhere but here at Lago Buffet and be happy, not sad.  I'm serious!
Of all of the awesome food in Vegas,  Caesars ought to be ashamed of this buffet.  The food was not even mediocre.  Since I was served a cold piece of pork that was inedible, the worse part was my boyfriends RAW piece of lamb.  Not rare, RAW.  We couldn't believe it!  The only things we could stomach were the crab legs ( served cold, not hot ) and a couple of the deserts that actually had flavor.  Small selection for any day, much less Christmas Day when they should have had an opulent spread.  Go anywhere but here!!!  The only bright part of this meal was our server and I truly felt sorry for her.... she deserves a better place to work.
I am writing because I read Caesars is closing the buffet for several months, and I am hoping they will completely revamp this buffet and make it great. Caesars is one of the elite hotels in Las Vegas, but the buffet is the absolute worst. It's really an embarrassment to the property. Excalibur's buffet is better, and it's a culinary bacteria trap! Overpriced, poor service, disgusting food, there is nothing good about this buffet. Bellagio is the template for what this buffet shoud be. Bellagio is a spectacular buffet and hopefully Caesars will retool and hit that mark.
This is a tricky one to review.  I've eaten here about 10 times so know it pretty well.  

Of all the CET buffets this is my favorite for Breakfast but least favorite for Lunch or Dinner (well excluding IP buffet which is just awful...).

First off the selection is small compared to other buffets.  I think this has the least impact on Breakfast and much more of an impact on Lunch and Dinner. The room is very nice, and you can sit outside in the summer which is awesome.

LOVE the pork belly for Breakfast, sliced to order.  Nice to see Salmon also available.

It is pricey.  I always use comps so generally don't care about that, but if you are paying cash I could see how you would feel short changed.

Looking at the reviews I can understand all the "1" star rating, but they don't tell the entire story.

Go for Breakfast and use comps :)
Came to Vegas and super excited. Seeing our choices for the 24 hour buffet pass, we thought Caesars must be good since its a major casino.

Well. We had to wait two hours in line to enter. One cashier only. A manager was looking over her but not jumping on the register. His excuse? I don't know how to run the register. Then he was lost for one hour looking for another cashier. This line was on the brink of a full blown riot. 

Got in exhausted. Food was mediocre at best.
Yelp should allow you to give negative stars because of places like this. How on earth is this place still even open?! Okay so we came here because we were freaking starving and tired of driving the strip for a place to eat....why on earth did we decide on this place...I still cannot answer that question to this day. 

Everything about this place was just plain bad. There was little to no variety in the food, and when they ran out of something, it was never replenished - at least not during our time there . Strike one. I could have dealt with the bad food but to top it off, it seemed like every employee serving the food behind the buffet bars absolutely HATED their jobs/life. We overheard an elder lady ask if that was all the sushi they had, the response from the man behind the counter "We have 5 kinds, how much more do you want!". OKAY...REALLY?! No one is forcing you to work there man! Strike two. The best part of our experience here is that when we left the table to get food, our table was cleared and reset a total of three times. THREE TIMES!!! WTF!!! How does that even happen at a buffet....we weren't even gone that long! We were able to come back to our table at the wicked spoon after 15 minutes without worrying about our drinks and forks disappearing! Strike three....

Don't just walk away from this place, run, run as fast as you can, even a food court is better than this place.
This has to be the lamest buffet I've ever been to. Selection and food sucked - oysters were gritty, sushi was not fresh, crab legs were ice cold and bland. And they should not call that soup pho. Service has horrible too - we had to ask 3 separate servers for refills.

I actually went here last November so my trip wasn't recent. I just haven't had a chance to write a review. You'd think time would lessen my hatred of this place but the experience was just so bad! Worst. Buffet. Ever.
This place is closed. Not sure if its closed for renovations or something else. However, after looking at the Yelp reviews I am glad we didn't get to try this place. Must've been crappy. Wasted my time trying to look for it the other day.
If I could give this buffet 0 stars I would. Out of the buffets to choose from out of the buffets of buffets deal, this one is the worst buffet I've been to. It's small and  the food was lame. Although Cesar's palace is a very classy and fancy hotel, with the awesome swimming pools, the forum shops, the fountains outside etc.. The buffet isn't good at all, there are better places to eat at Cesar's palace than this buffet.
I never knew Caesars had a buffet until I found about the Lagos buffet and I was excited to try it and had big expectations since it was in Caesars Palace, Harrah's top tier property.  The line to get in was very long unless you were a Diamond or higher Total Rewards member. 

The buffet wasn't what I expected and compares to the Treasure Island's Buffet, small and limited selection.
So I took my parents here during Christmas Day because a lot of my friends raved about the food. They were in deed open. We stood in line for 4 hours waiting to get in. The sign outside said it was approximately a 3 hour wait.  After standing there for 3 hours we find out there was an express line. That if you paid extra $20 your can get in faster. AFTER STANDING there for 3 hours it seemed pointless to pay that freaken $20...now. Just wished someone from the hotel would have let us know...sooner...

ANYways, we still ended up waiting another hour to get in to the damn buffet.. so sad..
By that time we were obviously starving.. I felt so bad for my parents... as we get in its  about 10:30pm and they told us we had to hurry because they were about to close in 30 mins. So basically we had to rush an get the left over food because they weren't cooking anything fresh anymore and then get out....

I was super pissed that they didn't have the courtesy to inform people this information as they were standing in line. They just let all of us wait... i was so disappointed with the customer service. I had to write this review! DONT LET THIS happen TO you!
We ate here as part of our Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass.  This was our last stop, and I must admit we were not that hungry.  Still, we decided to be pigs and fill up some more.

We arrived for an early lunch, and there was about a 20 minute wait.  This was acceptable.  The atmosphere was fine, and the service was as well.  

The buffet options were limited.  The place was pretty small compared to most other buffets on the Strip.  This surprised me cause this is Caesar's Palace.  Still, we were fine with the food options.  Nothing tasted bad.  Nothing tasted excellent either.  So just okay overall.

Unless, we were comped for eating here.  I do not think that we would pay to eat here because there are many better choices in Las Vegas to spend your money.
Reservation counter person told me and families to wait in buffet queue and we were literally kicked out saying we were queue without paying and the staff allowed everyone behind us to go in. We were with two kids and is was roaming around for 45 mins with starving kids. What else can we say about this. They suck
alright, so I came here for dinner 'cause it was fast (but not fast food), didn't require a reservation, and didn't require the spending of an arm and a leg for some famous chef's Vegas outpost that has never actually been visited by said chef.  (Besides, most of them are from SF, anyway, so it's not like I can't get it at home!)

Dinner was passable -- it's chain food, and it served its purpose.  The rosemary cornbread is yummy.  The ribs are pretty good (but I'm not a connoisseur), and the fried chicken was crisp on the outside, tender on the inside.  Beers are only available by the bottle, oddly enough.  Dinner for the two of us cost about the same that it would have to go to a buffet, and at least the food was freshly made for us, so you can't beat that.
I had an ok meal here when some friends of mine were playing.a gig here.  The food was ok.  The venue, the staff here are all first rate.  Thanks again.
http://www.hob.com/venues/clubvenues/lasvegas/dining.asp
Not only has blues concerts at night but the cajun creole food is 
great.  Ribs , steak, chicken, jambalaya, gumbo and fried catfish.  I loved the sides like mashed sweet potatoes and rosemary cornbread.  Pricey.  The inside is dark with voodoo and bayou vibe to it.
My five star experience was seeing Jurassic 5 here!  I can't speak for the food, the bar, or anything else.  Just the fact that this is a fantastic place to see live music.  Small, intimate venue with great acoustics.  Keep in mind that shows start right on time when it's all ages, which is why we missed a large part of the show (which was a huge bummer, but my own fault). 

The sadness of missing most of the show was quickly washed away when my two friends and I were invited backstage and got to chat up Akil, Soup, and Chali 2Na of J5!  I swear, they must be the most grounded, friendly hip hop artists on the planet!  What an amazing night!

Thanks, House of Blues, for hosting J5 this week!  They are some of the best performers I have ever seen....totally exceeded my already high expectations!
Love the place....Love the Southern flair  - the food, the decor the vibe. Nice place for a gumbo or a jambalaya or several round of beer before sweating it all out at the nearby Rumjungle.
As a music venue, the House of Blues makes up for the spectacular crapfest that the Joint at the Hard Rock is and I'm so glad it's made its way to Vegas.  I've seen countless acts here over the years.  The HOB is always quite good at booking more popular bands and then, every once in a while, they'll book someone I never thought would play Vegas and I just flip my wig.  Most of the time, the ticket prices are very reasonable ($20 - $30, including all fees) and they allow artists to sell their own tickets which is a lot more pleasant than dealing with big ticket sellers.

Drinks are pricey, but not as much so as other venues.  The sound is consistently good.  The levels in the general admission area make it possible to have a good view from just about anywhere.  

I'm always checking the HOB site to see what shows are coming up.  It's a delight to see artists in this space.
I got a pretty darn good fillet mignon here - tender, perfectly cooked, lightly but well seasoned - with a pretty good bottle of wine for a surprisingly good price considering it's in the Mandalay Bay in Vegas. The service was alright but the fake roadhouse ambiance didn't do much for me.
Ok so I've been to a few concerts here....One thing I don't like. Grey Goose Rocks....12 dollars. Yea....plastic ware and Vodka...eh....Just put me in the backyard of Jorge Lugo's house - have his mom make tamales, and kool aid in the plastic container. Yea that is just not classy. One thing that sucks...it's downstairs. So if you don't take the elevator. People are bottlenecked and herded in. 2nd sucky thing. Kids are smelly....Boys especially. So going to a rock concert. gross...smelly....sweaty...boys...who think they're hard core and they like to mosh. One thing about me....I'm a tank. Myke Smash. Yea I rock out. But I would rather you not smash your face onto my fist. It's just weird. Overall - it's ok - I've been here when it was great. But I've been to some hot smelly crappy concerts here too. I gotta knock it for drink prices and presentation. I also knock it for having cheap concerts that attract hooligans and hoodrats with their shenanigans....Whoa...that's the whitest I've sounded all day....
Ok first off let's get past the fact that I'm knocking on 30's death door and still going to see bands like My Chemical Romance, where the core audience is teens. Look at me kiddies, I'm old enough to drink, and I have a beer! Wooooooo ahhhhhhhhh.

This location seems like the slimier, dirtier, slutty sister of the Disney infused Anaheim location. There is only one level at this one, due in part I'm sure, to the fact that it's in Mandalay Bay. However, there are 3 full bars at all corners of the stage, and a sunken in dance, GA floor.

There was this one time, not in band camp, where my BFF and I were having a drunken girl's night with a stop here. Oh wowwie, after downing some shots to try and forget the fact that a couple in their late 50's wanted to have a "party" with us, we ended up on stage doing the African Ant Eater Ritual dance from "Can't Buy Me Love". You remember that movie right? The one with McDreamy, before he went all, dreamy
The day after partying, 14 dehydrated drunks waited 20 minutes to get water. The cup of gumble was horrible but the burger was good. Probably not going back their for awhile.
OK. This is a karaoke review. This is just  for the HOB Rock Star  "karaoke" night. Monday nights.

If you are a karaoke addict AND you happen to be in Vegas in the *quieter* part of the week (Monday), you gotta try this one! It's "karaoke" in the sense that you have a monitor that scrolls the lyrics for you to sing. But your accompaniment is *not* a CD soundtrack, it's a live punk rock band! (a guitar player, bass player, and a drummer-- and they're pretty good too). 

You stand on the 4 foot stage or the 8 foot stage (depending on if you're in the upstairs or downstairs room that night) with real spot lights, smoke and fog machines, and guys who really know what they're doing running the giant House of Blues sound panel to make you sound better than you ever thought possible. 

There's been a lively crowd despite the late hours each time I've gone.

Down side is a limited song selection and they can't do key changes up or down from the standard version of any song, but you should be able to find one or two songs in your range, then you can go ascend the stage and be a rock star singing on the very same spot where some pampered *millionaire* rock star sang the night before (or even the hour before) in the House of Blues!

It's definitely a different experience doing "Copacabana" with a punk rock drummer...but it works just fine! (in fact a little more spirited than usual) The night I did that I got a roomfull of real-estate conventioneers bouncing around the place in a conga line. Stuck around for a while to listen to the others. Everyone was sounding pretty good that night. Despite their intimidating punk appearance the band is really good at vocally backing singers who hit a patch of song that they have trouble carrying.
This is where the night's DYL activities officially began.  I'm saying officially because you know we all started pickling our livers within an hour of getting off the plane.

Broken up into three seperate sections, you can either catch show in the main concert hall, a smaller more intimate performance in a cafe type setting, or grab a bite and drink in the restaurant bar.  Our only option for this night was the restaurant/bar.

Nothing really to write home about as far as the bar aspect of this place.  They have a medium sized bar at the very back of the restaurant.  With not a whole lot of bar area seating we squeezed ourselves into a couple booths as close to the bar as possible.  I think they were kind of miffed that we weren't there to have dinner, although we did order some bites to eat while drinking.  If they had any clue what they had sitting in their establishment they would have made a killing on drinks that night.

But they didn't so we had a few drinks, waited for the stragglers to join us, then headed to the next DYL stop of the night.
Just saw Bayside at the House of Blues, and I have to say, this place never lets me down! The drinks are a bit pricey, but not over the top. The kids are too "scenester-ish" but not enough to handle. The concerts are always amazing. I like this venue because this is the first and last time I will ever say this, but I enjoy the segregation. The young kids have their floor space, while us older folk (I'm only 22, but I feel like a granny when I see twelve year olds with more tattoos than my trucker grandpa) can hang by the three bar areas and enjoy a much better view. I also enjoy the fact that on those rare occasions that I can't see the stage, I can just look up at the various tv screens and watch from there for a while. The sound is always perfect, and there is a pretty cool vibe. The only concert I was bummed about was Ashlee Simpson a while back, but not because of anything wrong with the HOB...because it was Ashlee Simpson.
My mother always insists that we eat here when she is in town. I'm always hesitant to go, and then end up licking my plate as if I hadn't seen fried chicken before.
They have these catfish things that they fry and give you little shoestring sweet potato fries with them. So yummy!
I order the fried chicken because I'm of the mind that if you eat at a southern inspired place, you eat the native things. It is always surprisingly good. Would I order a Cesar salad here? No, but the things that they specialize in are gooooooood!!
We ended our Saturday night here after dancing the night away at J-Pop Lounge just down the way. The had a live act which plays every Saturday night called Boogie Nights and it was fun. 

Only downside was having to deal with the second hand smoke of the idiots near the entrance seeing as it was nearly impossible avoiding their fumes. Some people have no respect for others.
I'm a lazy person of habit.  So it should not be surprising that during my last stay at Mandalay Bay, I ate breakfast at the House of Blues every morning.

However, its convenient location and familiarity are not the only things that kept me comeing back.  Quite simply, their breakfast food is AWESOME.  They serve the best bacon I have ever tasted.  And that's not hyperbole....... it was so good that just thinking about it makes me salivate.

They also make a damn good waffle.  And my boyfriend was impressed that they serve 4-egg, rather than 3-egg, omelets.  

Their prices are reasonable for Vegas standards (our tab was usually around $26, except for the morning when I ordered four servings of bacon).  And the service is good.

I don't know if I'd make a trip down here if I were staying further down the strip, but if you're in the area, it's a good bet.
I have been to the House of Blues on 3 occasions, and I have never been dissapointed. Last weekend I went to the nightclub to see the 80's cover band "Spazmatics" for a friend's bachelorette party...The bands schtick is that they dress like nerds from the 80's, and they put on an amazing show, it was awesome! The band was great, I was dancing the whole time, the place has a really good atmosphere. We called and were put on the VIP list (the only way to go) so we had to buy a bottle of alcohol and we got a place to chill if we got tired. I liked the crowd, they weren't pretentious, and not too trendy. I would highly recommend this place if you want a cool place to dance, drink, hangout. It's a good mix of people, young, older, I danced with all kinds of people. Love it!
I do love the three sections of this place.  The restaurant (has the usual HOB food), the bar area/stage and the main concert hall.  

A while back, they had "Rock and Roll Karoeke" where a house band would play live, while singers got up and sang their selected tunes.  It was excellent!  

Have gone to a couple of concerts in the main concert hall and had a fantastic time.
I had the awkward situation of going to Vegas with my husband, my recently-divorced dad, and his new girlfriend.  His girlfriend likes to dance, with is fine with me, so we went here because this is the "discotheque" she liked last time they came to Vegas.  

It's House of Blues.  You know... it's more of a concert venue than really a club, but whatever.  I was exhausted, but we still stood in line about 30 minutes to get in.  Right before we got in, the girls in front of us handed free passes to my dad and his girlfriend.  So they got to get in for free, dang it, and we had to pay $25.  I was kind of pissed about this, because I could have just easily danced to Montell Jordan outside the club as in, but after a few minutes, a band started to pay called the Spazmatics (spelling?)

The Spazmatics really made the night a lot better.  They were four guys pretending to be super nerdy.  Boris, the Czech-exchange student on the bass, wore exceedingly embarrassing tight little shorts with his white oxford/sweater vest/bowtie.  Others had slightly larger shorts, but had weird glasses or sweatbands instead.  So funny.  The were an 80s cover band, and the singer was surprisingly versatile, and the band had some really hilarious banter between songs stemming from the nerdy costumes and personas.  They never broke character, insisting we say "HECK YEAH" when we liked a song so we didn't "have to put a dollar in the swear jar."  I'm glad HOB booked these guys, because they saved my quickly-starting-to-suck-night!
We went to the VH1 Rock Honor Awards  after party  which I believe was in the VIP area - so not sure about the typical crowd or main area but it was a fun venue.  The bartenders and servers were incredibly friendly, the music was great, the food decent and unusual, fun, new drinks were served.   I'd definitely go back.
This place is my favorite place in Vegas.. I  go for the food and the drinks as the service is always fast and excellent. Sat most at the bar and drank electric lemonade and please try the Cornbread and maple butter as its just ACE..
Was in the Foundation Room for a private party. An interesting, cozy space--not to say that it's small, but it has a nearly like-home feel with its fireplace and intimate seating. Balcony boasts a lovely view, though it was rather crowded and not quite so enjoyable when I was there. Looked like they had several smaller rooms as well, perhaps for intimate dinners and such. Drinks were fine, hors d'oeuvres and sweets were tasty, and service was absolutely excellent, generous and friendly.
An all in one experience.  It's the House of Blues.

The House of Blues is best known for being a concert hall, but you can get a bite to eat or down a few cold ones all the same.  I've seen Boogie Nights (a bitchin' 70's cover band) here and it was a blast.  The floor is spacious and can accomodate hundreds.  Opposite the stage is a bar and a couple of levels for people to hand out and watch if they don't want to be in the middle of the crowd.  However, some of the watching space, especially right in the middle in front of the bar, is for VIP seating.  Drinks are typical Vegas pricing.  You are inside the Mandalay Bay after all.

On a separate occasion I grabbed lunch at the restaurant.  It's in a portion totally apart from the concert hall.  Mix of booth and table seating.  I got a burger and beer.  Quality of food and service is good, but nothing extraordinary.  Set me back around 15 bucks, so you're not breaking the bank by any means.  It's also family friendly place.
Great atmosphere with music rocking round the clock. Took the kids and my sitter there for lunch. I enjoyed a shrimp ceaser salad and their signature corn bread with maple butter, yum yum! My kids both had Chef salads and their portions were very large and great for little fingers. The service was great, no complaints there. They got us a quite corner with view of the restaurant the casino so lots to look at while enjoying some good food.
I saw Thievery Corporation here during the Vegoose festival over Halloween weekend.  It's a pretty small venue which is nice because you have a close view of the stage from almost anywhere in the place (I always like to see what they're doing), but it also gets really crowded and is almost impossible to move around.  Overall, just okay.  Not bad acoustics.  I like the multi-level set-up.  I would recommend making it to the upper-level on the far side opposite the entrance.  From there you'll have a good view of the stage and crowd, be close to the bar, and have a little bit more breathing room.
Don't go to the House of Blues expecting a culinary experience to write home about.  Go there to have fun!  They are really are better at the whole rock and roll, get down, get funky thing.  I've had dinner here with hubby, we've seen Third Eye Blind play here (and we remember some of that experience) and we've gone to the Gospel Sunday Brunch.  One thing is for sure, we've had fun every time!  The Gospel Sunday Brunch was even more fun than we expected.  Stop by and let loose with whatever musical experience you choose to have while you're there. 

Check out House of Blues at:
http://www.hob.com/venues/clubvenues/lasvegas/
While I've been all over the country, and every House of Blues is pretty much the same, at least they're the same in that they're a great place to see a concert.  Good view of the stage from the entire venue and small enough to make it feel intimate (The Joint or The Pearl).  I especially like the great camera crew that shows the band on closed circuit TV's all over the club.  Three bars ensure you can always get a drink pretty quick, though at a major dent to your wallet.  It's a long walk from the parking garage, too, so be prepared for that!
the only times i have been here were for the shows during punk rock bowling. and every time i had a blast. i think the best show i saw here was me first and the gimme gimmes... the sound is always on point and the crowd seemed really chill... but then again how would i know, i was chillin vip with the bands.. hahaha.. suckers!!!!
Other reviewers are right-- the service wasn't great. It was borderline bad. But I did order some mixed drink thinking I would like it-- big surprise, I didn't-- and our server swapped it out for a bottle of Bass for me. It was a nice gesture and I appreciated it.

Although I'm from Orange County, I'd never eaten at HOB before, and since I was feeling like some cajun/Southern food, it sounded pretty good.

I had a big plate of jambalaya and it was great, but it was HUGE-- there was way too much to possibly eat in one sitting. One full sausage, two chicken legs, a half dozen shrimp, with more chunks of all of the above mixed in. I loved it, but my goodness!

For an appetizer, we also shared the catfish fritters which would have been nothing without the spicy dipping sauce that came with it! The sweet potato fries were the best I'd ever had-- finally a place that doesn't slather them with maple syrup and/or brown sugar. They were crispy and crunchy and delicious.

My boyfriend cleared his pulled pork sandwich off his plate.

We were there for his birthday but didn't really ask whether they did anything for that, so I'm not sure. Overall though, we enjoyed the meal and look forward to trying the HOB in Anaheim. Maybe their service is a little better.
Went here for lunch and it was baaad. The cornbread was edible and that was about it.
House of Blues is like the Hot Topic of venues for catching a punk show. I've been to one in Orlando for a Bad Brains reunion W/ HR singing. I've caught a couple of shows here in the Vegas location. The last one was Rancid. They make you check in spike belts and kick you out for dancing too hard (hence the nickname "house of rules") but I sit up in the balcony and act like I'm VIP those days of effin' up the dance floor are over for me. It doesn't faze me but I think it sucks for the kids coming up. Either way I guess you can go to any house of blues and know exactly what to expect and in some weird way I like that. It trips me out that they have the Sai Baba portrait above the stage.
Seen aq great rock concert here in late january.  I was here on the boss's coin and was told to take in some show/concerts.  Seen  "Mr  bad to the bone "  on a fri night george T was great.  Bar made good drinks GA tickets got up right to the front and swiched people maken runs to the bar.  I will go back when i am there in sept.
Chains don't normally do it for me, but this one if kind of fun, if you can forget it is a chain.  Music is always good, and it's a good place to grab a  drink and a snack... as long as you are in the mood for fried carbohydrates!
Food: Delicious! Had the fried chicken here with mash potatoes and fries, just what I was in the mood for. 

Price: Not bad, portions were pretty big and the food was good.

Service: Friendly. Our server was cool and very attentive. 

Atmosphere: Pretty chill in here, different music videos were playing on the tvs around the restaurant. Dark setting.

Location: Located at Mandalay Bay near the tattoo place.
This place is the coolest!!  I LOVED the décor, the food, the vibe and every single thing in the adjoining gift shop, too...I could have spent hours up in there....

Came here for breakfast with my husband during our recent anniversary trip in Vegas.  What actually prompted us to eat in the restaurant was my stop in to buy one of their kick-ass t-shirts in the gift shop the day before.  When the girl gave me my receipt she said that if we brought it back the next day we could get 2-for-1 breakfast.  AWESOME!!  : )

So we came back the next morning and sat in their little bar seating area to have breakfast.  I ordered the Traditional French Toast and the hubby ordered a Breakfast Burrito that had eggs, chorizo, chiles, onions and cheese in it.  Both were SOOO FREAKIN' GOOD!!   Nothing particularly special in the preparation....just simply some tasty ass food!  

The whole time we were there we kept checking out the cool paintings on the walls and all the Day of the Dead style skull décor...love that stuff.  We took a bunch of pictures, too.  

I would love to come back again and try the Southern/Cajun style food they have for lunch and dinner....YUM....maybe check out a show there too!  ; )
This is probably my favorite venue for a concert.  Its seats a decent amount of people but it also feels intimate.  I was able to catch Teena Marie here a number of years back and was impressed by the show and her talent.  Everytime I go to LV I'm sure to check and see who's performing there because I like the place so much.  One day I will try the Gospel Brunch other's rave about.
Stayed at TheHotel in prep for the Ice Cube concert at HOB LV.  The ticket and markee said the doors open @ 11:59.  So make sure you check out the lobby early.  The line started before 11pm.  If you get there early you may be able to get early entry with there with thier early entry special , but check that out.  The line got very long early, it started to wrap around the casino.  I suggest get a drink or two then stand in line.  Then they heard you past security into this type of holding pen deal, in front of the doors.  They let people enter in groups of 30-50, then would wait 5 minutes and let more in... i guess this was to help crowd control.  But i was just waiting for people to rush the door, which didnt happen luckily.  We had general tix, so we grabbed some watered down drinks from 1 of the 3 bars and headed to a spot on the floor in front of the stage.  WTH is this?! Ok the floor was super sticky.  Like somebody had a honey & beer fest and forgot to clean up.  The floor was so sticky, your shoes stuck as you walked, and dont stand in one place too long, you just might stick.  The lights, and sounds were great.  The show .. pure Ice Cube! I can't comment on the food, or anything else.. but its a good venue that could use some cleaning and better crowd management.  HOB on Sunset is better.
Came here for lunch, it was southern comfort! Full with Mac and Cheese, Pull Pork Sandwich, Fried Butter Milk Battered Chicken and Grilled Marinated Chicken Breast. None had any complaints, just full stomachs!
Came here twice for our recent Vegas trip: once for a quick snack/drinks and second time for brunch.  

Love the decor of this place, very detailed to create that gothic rock vibe.  Service here is EXCELLENT.  The staff is extremely friendly, relaxed and very attentive.

For the snack, we ordered fried catfish bites with sweet potato fries.  It was delicious!  The catfish didn't have any muddy taste and the aioli tarter sauce they served complemented the catfish well.  Presentation was creative too.  Also, my midori margarita wasn't mixed with enough liquor, but our server offered to mix us another drink or gladly remixed it for us.

For the brunch, it was alright.  I ordered a corned beef hash skillet, but I guess to show they used quality corned beef and potatoes, they didn't chop them up to little pieces but served big chunks of beef and potatoes.  I guess it's just different preferences.  My bf and friend ordered make your own omelette, but I didn't see them rave about it.  However, presentation was good and food was a lot and the our server was friendly and attentive (kept making sure my cup of coffee was filled).  We also ordered some garlic fries which were pretty good.

Overall I would be back for either lunch or dinner, maybe even try to catch a performance here too.
Clarification: This revue is of the House of Blues Restaurant.  Service was very good. James made sure we were always in good condition. Our food took 30 minutes to get to us...It was pretty good. A little on the pricey end for what they serve in my opinion. Highly recommend you give the waffle cut fries with melted gorgonzola cheese. I had the clam chowder in a sour dough bread bowl. Nothing to call home about, but still good. Portions are big so make sure you have somewhere to store your leftovers and you wont feel so bad about the tab.
We came here for breakfast the morning we left Mandalay Bay and Las Vegas. If only we'd known about it sooner. Great food (we got a custom-made omelet and the crab cake eggs benedict) for a decent price (in Las Vegas), fast service, fun atmosphere. Portions are good but not terribly excessive, and the coffee was kind of the best I've had in awhile.
I like HOB and visited the one in New Orleans before I knew there was one in Vegas.  I like this place.  It is a nice break from the Vegas sun and noise of the casinos.  This one is in Mandalay Bay, and we make the trek down to this end to eat at HOB, not because of Mandalay Bay.  The catfish nuggets and sweet potato fries are yum yum yum.  Get 'em, you'll like 'em.  We've had just about everything on the menu, even the fried chicken - very good.  You get a discount for the store and your next meal, so save your receipt!
One of my favorite music venues anywhere @hoblasvegas is small and lively with CHEAP ticket prices and BIG name talent.

The cafe is another story-OVERPRICED and just ok food. 

The menu is pretty limited and mostly cajun/creole dishes and sandwiches.

I got a burger an order of sliders and 2 iced teas=$35!!! WTF!

NOTE: Burger Bar is upstairs
One name for ya...BOB the barkeep the coolest dude ever!!! 
One food  for ya....catfish nuggets&sweet potato fries 
One drink  for ya.... Electric lemonade 

This place is Ace
I had the pulled pork sandwich with the sweet potatoe fries -YUM! The sandwich was off the hook. The pork was tasty and not over sauced on a soft bun. The sweet potatoe fries were sweet and crispy -just the way I like them. 

Service was just OK...
I like this place because we told our waiter we were in a hurry and our food came out in a flash! And it was good! Deep fried catfish with sweet potato fries! My hubby had the pulled pork sandwich with tender pork drizzled in bbq sauce. Definitely a good choice for nothing fancy but a good decent reasonably priced meal. Cheers to you wonderful waiter there!
This is just a concert venue review. The place is small and very quaint for a place that houses shows and it definitely let's you capture that personal feeling with the artist no matter where you wind up. I don't understand the two big pillars that block a ton of viewing (especially from the bar area). The whole stage center section around the sound boards is blocked off as well for a "VIP section" eliminating some pretty good viewing areas but yet no one was in it the whole night. 

The balcony area seemed very cool but it was closed for our show even though the bottom floor was jam packed with people which stumped me about the place as well. Acoustics were pretty good and you get a good energy level from the small and close size of the place when the crowd gets into it. The attitude of the personal I dealt with was piss poor and to put a "camera" in coat check cost $3.00!? All and all I had a blast but wish the artists selected a better Vegas venue.
Dinner at the restaurant was great. Service was on top of it, maybe too on top of it. The venue doesn't have the greatest sight-lines, can make you feel closterphobic if you're not into dark overly decorated walls and a full crowd, but the sound system isn't too bad. Chances are this is one of the 2 or 3 spots to see a good rock show in Las Vegas, so you take what you can get, eh?
I came here for dinner but to my dismay as every other dining option in Mandalay Bay had ridiculous waits. The menu is a hodge podge of heart attack-inducing foods with random influences that you would expect for all their calories would taste good but instead are completely bland and gross. The service was poor and the food took forever to come out even on a night when the place was only half full. The noise level was obscene. For half of our meal they had a horrible crooner screaching into the mic that made it impossible to hear the person sitting next to you. The second band was half decent at least and made the end of our meal a bit more enjoyable and fun.
Man came here a couple years back while I was vacationing  in Vegas with some friends and it was BAD ASS! We came to see this 80's band called The Spazmatics and it was off the chain. Drinks weren't to bad and they were strong. I know my friend ordered a round of shots for everyone and the dude hooked us up with huge shots. It was a fun night of dancing drinking and then ya know Vegas is 24/7 so that only makes it better. I definately recommend you to go here especiall if you can catch the Spazmatics there. GO!!! PEACE!
We went for the Blues night (Mon & Wed nights) - awesome music, great vibe. Had the sweet potato fries ($4) with a side of the Jim Beam BBQ sauce - GET IT! That was one tasteee snackalicious snack. Friend got the chick tenders w/fries - spiced in a way that made her sneeze, cough, lick her lips and go back for more. Be aware -you can't have just one of those fries. Think we're going back for acoustic night tonight!! BooYa! Its fun to live in Vegas!
One of our first drinking stops the Sunday we got into Vegas . . . I was still under the weather, but damn it, it was my vacation, and it was a rock joint, so a whiskey drink it was - bartender makes a fine Manhattan.  Word to the (un)wise - alcohol consumption doesn't really affect your cold one bit.  Just alternate Airborne and Emergen-C and you'll be fine.  My cold cleared up the next day because I attacked it with electrolytes and booze.  And blues.

My one regret is that we missed the Prince show later that night, but we had many miles to go before we slept . . .
Just the same as the HOB in your city.

I don't know how I got talked into going there for lunch this past Saturday, though there's absolutely nothing to complain about. The food is what you expect. And what you've had. Very corporate, very precisely portioned. I used to make fun of American tourists eating at McDonald's in Europe. Now I think I've lost that privilege. (For the record, I went to McD's because I like being served beer out of those wax paper cups. With a straw of course)

All in all, Vegas is home to many restaurants you don't have in your hometown. Try one of those instead.
I wouldn't go here to eat, but I ate here anyway to get the Front of the Line Pass you can get to enter the music venue earlier than everybody else. At other House of Blues locations, you can buy merchandise to get the pass, but here you have to order at least one entree. My meal was so forgettable, but the service was great all around.

The venue seems bigger to me than other HOBs because they've got a balcony with at least four or five rows of theater style chairs. The floor area is about as big as other HOBs. What made my experience at this HOB better than any of the other HOB locations was the staff there. They were so helpful with asking any questions and the security staff was the nicest I've ever encountered. Really cool security dude helped me get the lead singer's guitar pick. :) I'd give this five stars if they dropped the no-cameras policy.
We wanted something quick and easy so we stopped in. The atmosphere is cool. Food was ok. We got the artichoke/spinach dip which was pretty good. Served with chips. I ordered a half caesar salad, i ordered regular grilled chicken and think they did blackened so i didnt loved it but it was ok. The regualr order is HUGE. My date ordered a chicken wrap and said it was pretty tasty. So it was good but nothing that blew us away.
Big dissappointment!  

I went here with a large group of people, and our service was horrible. I really think the waiter didn't try becuase he knew he was already getting his 18% gratuity.  I had to ask for a water refill three times. wtf? (they were not busy either) The entree was horrible, and had so much peppercorn on the plate that's the only thing I could taste.  In fact, no-one in my party finished their plates, nor did they want to take the food home.  They need to step it up, bigtime.
***food review only***

i don't understand this place, i don't understand the menu, i don't understand the service, i don't understand why there isn't a daily special on sundays.

i always had the idea before i ever frequented it that the house of blues would be on par with hard rock cafe.  so naive.  it's not that the hard rock cafe is awful, it's that hob is a culinary trainwreck.  gordon ramsey would have a fit.

i think hob food can best be described as "down home southern cookin'" or something to that effect.  mac 'n cheese, jambalaya, rice and beans are all on the menu.  the menu is really extensive, and hob dabbles in a bit of everything apparently, but nothing on the menu looked good to me while i was here, and believe me that is saying something because i was STARVING and everything looks good to me when i'm starving.  i finally settled on the mixed field greens and a side of fries.  "unremarkable" is my verdict!  i had a few bites of my friend's mac 'n cheese...FAIL.  but that was to be expected, since emmy's spaghetti shack in san francisco has spoiled me for good in the mac 'n cheese department.
**VENUE REVIEW ONLY***

As a concert venue, HOB in Mandalay is pretty decent.  It's set up exactly the same as other HOB's, with the pit on the bottom floor surrounded by bar space, and seating upstairs.  I personally like the upstairs seating, because there is nothing worse than being a short person in a pit setting.  I've been here for a Nas show and to see Common and N.E.R.D. and both were outstanding - the artists really had the crowd dancing in the aisles and on the chairs.  Price wise, both concerts were reasonable too.

My only complaints for HOB :
1. It is a non-smoking venue (WHAT??!?!?!  This is freakin Vegas, everywhere should be smoking allowed) and there is no where to duck off too in between sets to get in a drag (unless you go all the way out to the casino floor or are brazen enough to ignore or subvert security and risk getting the boot)
2. the drinks!  friggin ridonculous!  i paid 18 dollars for a 'rita, including tip.  and it was nasty! (how do you %$*& up a margarita is beyond me).  trust me, drink before you go or strap something to your leg (no i don't remember if i went through a metal detector to get in, so do the latter at your own risk) :)
***FOOD REVIEW ONLY***

I went on Friday afternoon with my friend from California. I used to work at Mandalay Bay, but had never been inside HOB before, not even to the venue. I decided to try to the restaurant since we were playing tourist that day, and we had an event to go to afterwards.

The ambiance of the place was nice. The host and wait staff were okay. Not great, not terrible, just okay. The waiter could have been a little friendlier and more attentive, but he wasn't bad. The same could be said for the food. We went during happy hour and the last three appetizers on the menu were $5 a piece. My friend ordered chips with spinach dip and I ordered some chicken tenders with ranch dip and celery sticks. The chicken tenders were a little too spicy for my taste, but that is expected in a place like this. His spinach dip was slightly better, and I wish I had gotten that instead.

I contemplated getting jambalaya, but I got the "Chicken-Fried Chicken" instead. It was just mediocre. It was nothing to write home about. My friend got the bayou shrimp and cheese grits. He liked the shrimp, but he said the cheese grits were just average. We each got chocolate cheesecake for dessert. I think the dessert was the best part of the meal, which isn't saying much. However, our server redeemed himself when he told us about the 2-for-1 breakfast special the next morning if we brought our receipt. Too bad we weren't able to make it over the next day, otherwise I would have tried it out. Our check came to about $70 including tip for the both of us. Having the happy hour specials relieved some of it, but I thought it was kind of pricey for that type of casual dining place, but if you're on the Strip, that goes without saying.

HOB is good to try at least once, but if I were to go again, it would be to go to the venue, to try the Gospel Brunch on Sunday morning, the regular breakfast, or maybe even lunch or dinner again, but I would order something other than chicken. I wouldn't write the restaurant off just yet. I'll give it a second chance in the future and write an updated review.
Food Review Only

I thought this place was just ok. We did not eat anything the whole day so by 5 o'clock we just wanted to eat something. That and $5 happy hour sounded good.  We shared their happy hour appitizers and I ordered a pulled pork sandwich. Their appitizers tasted like appitizers you could find at Applebees, good but not spectacular. Their pulled pork sandwich was ok. The meat tasted good, but their sauce was too sweet for me. I like my sauce spicy.

Next time I come here I would rather go to a show.

Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
***I have been to a few House of Blues locations and this was probably the weakest of the bunch; pretty run-of-the-mill food***

Please note that this review is for the food only.  I've been to three House Of Blues--the original one in Chicago (which had a very nice interior, and the food tasted better too; maybe the atmosphere helped), the one in Anaheim (super busy, okay food), and this one at the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas.  I felt this Las Vegas location was the weakest of the three.

It was around five-ish, and we had late dinner plans.  We decided to come here to hold us over.  It was pretty dead.  For food, I went with the Buffalo chicken sandwich, which was pretty run-of-the-mill.  It was served with pretty boring and depressing looking french fries.  It was your typical chain experience.
I spent sunday morning in church, er sort of.  We saw Sunday Gospel and had brunch too.  man I forgot how much I loved this town.  I wanted to something different and I wasn't disappointed.
Sunday gospel brunch....skip it.

It's $50 for a buffet brunch (with "southern food") and a 45 minute gospel show. The food is just ok - plentiful, but lacking in flavor and, well, soul. Most of what I sampled (including egg dishes, fried chicken, roasted pork and salad) was blah. The two standout dishes were cheese grits and - would you believe it? - a rice krispy treat, and I can make both of those at home! The price includes all-you-can-drink mimosas and bloody marys, but they're watered down.

As for the entertainment, that's the real reason I wanted to go here - I love gospel music. The performers are talented, but the acoustics in House of  Blues are TERRIBLE! We had to move from our table on the lower level to the balcony, just to be able to understand half of what they were singing. The music is way too loud and the singers are shouting, and yet you still can't hear them. The balcony was marginally better, but even then the quality just wasn't there. I hope they can make some adjustments so future guests can actually hear the singers.
I've been here twice:

1) Dinner...don't remember what I got (the food was average, and forgettable, apparently).  I remember thinking, "how can THIS, cost THAT much?"  Tasty cocktails, way overpriced (I guess that's because it's in Vegas...).

2) "Salsa dancing" night.  The quotations mean they promote it as being salsa dancing, but really it just turned into a ghetto reggaeton dance club.  NOT what I wanted, and we had to pay the cover charge to get in...very disappointing.
Came here a few times over the years to see the Reverend Horton Heat. Entrance is easy, VIP balcony is unnecessary, standing-room only venue with good sound and ambience. Always a good time.
Ceasar side salad was awesome. Bleu "Blues Burger" was very mediocre. Dry and overdone. 

All-female string band was tons of fun.
House of Blues gets some of the best punk rock and indy bands out there. They seemed to pick up where the Huntridge left off.  Nothing in Vegas touches the Huntridge but HOB makes a good effort. The General admission  floor is the way a  a music venue should be.  The figging monster pillars are a pain in the ass for a music venue. The sound is amazing.  They need to get rid of the no studded belts, camera or chain wallets. You have a ton of punk rock bands playing there yet you ban the items they wear?? wake up! Joint, Pearl all allow cameras! How about no flash photography? No photos is just stupid.  You have  a great concept, you would get 5 stars if you would change some policies and chain saw those pillars out and put new hidden supports in! keep up the great music and tweek the policies. Otherwise and great venue.  Ticket prices are perfect! The restraunt I have eaten a few times and its solid but not amazing. Worth it to get something before or after the show but nothing amazing to go eat in my opinion.
We came here twice on our last stay at the Mandalay Bay this past week.  Once for dinner and once for breakfast the following morning to take advantage of their buy one get one free breakfast promo.

Both times were great.  Food and service was prompt an efficient, with the breakfast service especially good.  Our server was very friendly and pleasant to talk to.  I like the coffee, which in part may have been recovery from the previous night, but others in our party agreed too, so it couldn't have been all due to the late night!

We stopped by for bit after dinner for the music which was great, but it was pretty packed so we didn't stay long.

All in all, highly recommend for the food, service, atmosphere and music!  

I also visited the Foundation Room on an different visit (business) and that was NICE!
I came here on a Sunday night before heading back home and was sorely disappointed. I had the babyback ribs which were somewhat tasty but fell below standards that even Applebees upholds. The fries were bland and the iced tea was at a point where not even a cup of sugar could salvage it. The service was so so and I found it obnoxious that they come and take your picture and then try to sell it to you while you're eating. I ate on the side without the music so it was very empty. It seemed like people were having a good time on the other side..but I'm sure it has everything to do with the music and nothing to do with the food.
Good food and good music is a winner any night. They bring in some great bands and keep the resturant on top par with most strip favs
We got a 2-1 Breakfast Coupon for the House of Blues and it was well worth it. The food , coffee and service was excellent.
It came to about $25 with a tip for both of us. Not a bad deal for an upscale hotel.
I've eaten here twice in the last week. Breakfast is fine, but overpriced. If you get a 2 for 1 coupon from Mandalay Bay, it's worth eating there.

I also ate here during happy hour and it was better than expected. They had some special kind of rum on special so I had two mojitos and my boyfriend had 2 rum and cokes. With that we had an order of hot wings and a spicy shrimp dish w/ cornbread. Wings were SPICY and our drinks were perfect- our bill came to $21!! No complaints there!
One of my favorite music venues anywhere @hoblasvegas is small and lively with CHEAP ticket prices and BIG name talent.

The cafe is another story-OVERPRICED and just ok food. 

The menu is pretty limited and mostly cajun/creole dishes and sandwiches.

I got a burger an order of sliders and 2 iced teas=$35!!! WTF!

NOTE: Burger Bar is upstairs
Atmosphere is neat.. Will give them 2 star ONLY for the great bands they bring but their breakfast SUCKS! Food came out cold! Not Luke warm.. Not warm.. COLD! C'mon?! Really!? How can you eff up breakfest!?  Skip this place for eating and just go for the live music and good happy hour ..
Pro: Free Blues night Saturday.  Con: $19 for halibut pasta special.  The plate was decent enough but not outstanding, rum and coke for $6 was a better deal.  If it weren't on the Strip, this would be a pretty chill place to hang, grab a drink with a buddy and some decent grub.  I liked the act on stage, had a lot of heart and wicked shreds (8 string bass!).  Somebody mentioned that the speakers are too loud, I did find this to be an issue, but not so much to make it un-enjoyable.
I have to review this place, because they gave us such great service they deserve a good review. We came here for the game on Sunday. It was happy hour and all beers were $1, appetizers half off, and DonQ rum drinks  (which turns out to be really good) were $3. You can't beat that! My girlfriend and I consumed two pounds of wings without any help from our husbands. yikes! Yes, they were good. We initially had ordered 1 plate of wings and a spinach dip appetizer. The spinach dip was so bad. No one even took a second bite. Even though it would have only been $5 gone to waste we had to send it back because we were at a tiny little cocktail table and it was taking up too much space. I have to say, I have never seen a restaurant so cool about a patron sending something back. It was almost embarrassing how apologetic and attentive they were from that moment forward. They asked us what we wanted to replace is with. That's when the 2nd plate of wings came in. : / Three people came to check on us several times throughout the rest of our time there. Everyone was so nice. My drinks had the perfect ratio of rum and diet. Our bill came out to $34. Ridiculous!
Went here to see Norm MacDonald - funny bastard, degenerate gambler extraordinaire and hopeless alcoholic - not to mention a FUNNY BASTARD.  Drinks were overpriced, but what do you expect.  Best part of the night was when the ghetto fabulous mafia appeared late for the show with their cheap dial-a-dates...even the housewife next to me in the balcony started laughing when they appeared in their plastic Payless pumps and non-flame retardant ensembles.  I guess the old saying, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, doesn't apply to chlamydia - and that's not the name of a stripper at the Spearmint Rhino.
3 reasons to go:

Happy hour till 7pm, $1 beers, $3 'cocktails' (as long as they're made of rum and rum only, bizarrely). Half price appetizers. 

The food is excellent. Maybe we got lucky but the burger was excellent, as were the buffalo wings and the spinach dip. I didn't find it that overpriced for the quality (and quantity). 

Hot waiters.
Things I liked: 
-Reasonable priced casual lunch food at Mandalay Bay. Which says a lot for Vegas. 
-Less than 10 minute wait time to seat our party of 10 ppl. 
-Available seating soon after the Rock and Roll 1/2 marathon, which says a LOT, considering the race wrapped up just outside MB. We assumed this place could be jammed up. 
-Burgers were good, but after 13 miles, anything would have tasted good! 

Things I did not like: 
-They were out of sweet potato fries. We were so excited to have some. Huge bummer. 
-For not being jam packed with patrons, the service was rather slow. We had to ask a few ppl to find a server to bring water and take our orders. 
-Many of our orders were not prepared as requested. Onions were included when they should not have been. Salad was delivered after the entree. Some entrees were served 5-8 minutes before the rest of the party. Stuff like that. 

So, it was just OK. Not in a huge hurry to return.
The food at House of Blues is good, but nothing to write home about. I especially like the cajun dishes though. We went during happy hour so the drinks were by far the cheapest of our weekend in Vegas. After the meal we went to the venue to see Megadeth. THIS is where HOB really shines. So much better than the Joint in Hard Rock where we saw Muse the night before. Cheaper too. If you buy balcony seats there's a cocktail waitress that comes buy to take drink orders. Emphasis on seats! You can stand if you like but it is awfully nice to sit during a long show, especially during the lull of a set change. Plus, (and I know I'm a wimp for saying so) balcony seating keeps you out of involuntarily being dragged into the pit, which is really helpful when seeing a band like Megadeth. Best priced tickets you'll find in this area.
This a review of the Sunday gospel brunch only. Save your $42. The food was atrocious, especially the breakfast dishes. Eggs were cold, bacon was greasy and bagels were stale. But most disappointing was the music. The gospel singers were off key during much of the numbers and were mediocre at best, plus the acoustics were terrible.
This review goes for the concert hall

For me, this place is as good as it gets for a show.  Its not too big, not too small.  I have seen In Flames, Shadows Fall, Trivium and just recently Steel Panther here.  I love this place!  Steel Panther apparently play most Saturdays here and I would highly recommend the show as they are very entertaining.
Amazing happy hour. Great time there.

+ dollar beers.
+ half off appitzers
+ good country singer while we were there, old school
+ waiters were attentive but not annoying

- kind of hokey
- really loud, but what do you expect
- the breakfast was good, but not great

definatly worth a happy hour trip for sure!
I recently held my bachlorette party at House of Blues and had a good time!!! 

This House of Blues is located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel and has live entertainment at night (which keep in mind... they charge a 10% entertainment fee to your bill if you happen to be eating dinner while the music starts.) 

We got a great table in one of their back rooms that sat my 20 girl bachlorette party. The service was fast and attentive. The atmosphere was relaxed and decor was cool. The only thing that disappointed me was the food... it was overpriced and was not really tasty. 

All in all it was a good experience, mainly because of the company at my table. 

I probably won't be back because nothing really struck me as awesome.
Such a cool, laid back atmosphere.  The fun, funky decor is great.  Their happy hour -- 3:00-6:00 every day -- is excellent.  The staff is friendly and patient.  The food is very good (American and Southern inspiration).  And the music of course is outstanding, live or otherwise.

This is one of my regular stops whenever I'm in Las Vegas and one of the things I go into withdrawals from when I don't return often enough.
Outstanding.  Just very much fun.  There was _loads_ of great food throughout a southern-style buffet, carving station, salad and dessert bars, and a couple other areas I can't put a specific description on but that were just as stuffed with edible goodness.  There's free orange juice and water, and bloody mary's and mimosas as $4.25 [and the latter are excellent].  From the time the doors open, you get 30-45 minutes to eat and talk before the band and singers come on.  You can still eat during the performance, but it is hard to pull away -- the musicians are energized, full of life, and really get the crowd going.

I think I'd give this a 4.5 if I could.  But pretty much only because I like gospel _choirs_ even better than small gospel groups -- I just wanted to hear the place rock without the speakers blaring.  (Not that the sound was bad at all -- I'm just greedy!)  I'll definitely be back!
Other than the decor this restaurant is very average. Burgers, sandwiches, and salads. I had the Rueben with sweet potato fries. I could have gone to any other place and spent half as much and had just as good food. If you come here you many just want to opt for a drink and save your money to get food somewhere better.
We went here for early evening drinks, so we are unable to see a show.  We opted to sit at the small bar in the back which fortunately had two bar stools just open up.  The feel of the restaurant is pretty cool.  They were able to make good use of beer bottle caps recreating stained glass mirrors and other religious themed constructions, in effect, creating a church dedicated to the blues.  That I enjoyed very much.  What I did not enjoy very much was some of the clientele.  For example, to the left of me there was a long engaging discussion about the "right" and "wrong" ways to hit a woman.  I think the consensus was that open handed strikes were okay -- ladies, you have been warned.  The female bartenders were tatty and gritty, but amazingly attentive.  With each round the drinks got stronger.  Wine pours pushed the brim of the glass and Cuba Libres became transparent from the very high rum to Coke ratio.  Making the arrangement even more generous, it was happy hour when we went.  So our several drinks came out to very little money when all was said and done.  Our bartender received a nice tip in accordance.  

Overall, I am going to say this is a great place for drinks -- just be wary of the customers that may be hanging around when you go.  I think what I experienced was just a fluke.
Didn't try the food - so this review is really of the bar and happy hour specials.  

Came by about 30 minutes before the end of happy hour after a couple of hours gambling in the casino - happy I did as it's much cheaper to spend $3 on beers than lose $100 for a "free" one out in the casino ;)   There is a great selection of beers in bottles and the bartender is VERY generous with the pours of liquor.  

The bar was filled with "cougars" who kept hitting on my friend - very funny.  Clientele seemed to be a bit older than I usually see in bars I frequent, around 40-60 years old was the average age.
I have been here 3 times to see my favorite band of all time HIM. The first time was back in 2005 I believe. My friends & had GA tickets. We wanted to be up close on the rail so we ate @ the place to get early admission. I remember the food being good & that's about it. We were just amped to get into the venue & get a good spot.

2nd time we had balcony seats. This is when we started to wise up, felt old, & no longer wished to be crushed against the railing. Seats were great up in the balcony. Sound was awesome, bar & bathroom upstairs, what more can you ask for. 

3rd time involved GA tickets again. This time we just chilled by the bar for the entire show. Bartenders are super attentive & friendly. Even spilled 1 drink on the bar cuz I got distracted & the dude just poured another without giving me any attitude. 

 I will gladly travel to HOB Vegas to see a show anytime. On the plus side, Vegas crowds aren't pretentious like LA crowds. They actually get into the bands playing & aren't on their cell phones the entire show.
HOB located right smack dab in the middle of Mandalay Bay had a great atmosphere and the food was pretty good. We ate breakfast there and we left pretty full and happy. Our server was very sweet.

My friends and I had a really good time shopping in the little gift shop-really cool items!
Solid. 

When you come to the House of Blues, you are usually coming here for some name act. I popped in here last last night with some friends for the Steel Panther show.

Although the show itself was a bit cheesy, it was a fun place to hang out with friends. The bartenders didn't treat me like an idiot when I asked for ice water.  Service is good. Enough bartenders for a full crowd.

The stage and venue is quite small, but it's perfect! I can imagine seeing a big-name act (bigger than Steel Panther) and really enjoying the intimate vibe.

Plenty of televisions so if you are talking to your friends or cozying up to a neighbor, you can still see what's going on in the stage area.

Steel Panther was pretty cool, since locals get in free. Holler.

I'll write up another review when I come here for a real show, but for now....A-OK.
I didn't realize this was like a concert with food. I'm not sure if the music varies from one week to another. But the gospel band that played, did a lot of preaching. More than I've experienced in Glide Church (my favorite gospel venue in San Francisco.) 

The band was fine, but the set was very short!! One of the singers seemed to spend an awful lot of time introducing his family, his friends, any married people in the audience, any birthday people in the audience, and basically jabbering instead of cranking out the good gospel music.

The food was plentiful, as any buffet is, but nothing stood out, and a few things just didn't taste good. The carving station had ham...or ham. The salad bar didn't have anything beyond standard salad stuff. The deserts were ok. The shrimp were fine. The biscuits and gravy were fine. The chicken was yummy. And everything else was utterly forgettable.

Also, maybe drink prices went up, but I got a diet Coke, a bloody mary and a club soda, and it was $12.50. 

I love gospel music, but prefer mine without the preaching -- esp in a secular venue.

I wanted to go.
I went.
I wouldn't go back again.

It wasn't awful. But there wasn't anything great about it either.
Only reviewing the drinks here- expensive and the margarita tasted like there wasn't any tequila in it. Will definitely not be back.
I've been here for concerts and shows but never ate at the restaurant. My boyfriend and I decided to try it out after watching The Lion King. We were pretty disappointed with the small menu and prices. Like many restaurants in Las Vegas, they charge you an additional tax for live entertainment. It's really difficult to carry on any kind of conversation with music blaring.

The service was great but the food was definitely not worth the price. 
With entrees being approximately $20, I expected fairly good to large sized proportions. Not great food selections and the taste was alright. I feel like I would have been more satisfied from McDonald's.

I won't ever come back for the food.
Worst place we visited our whole trip. Except for our waitress Aune.. she was BY FAR one of the BEST waitresses we had the whole trip. The food was almost unedible. We had the corned beef hash.. which tasted like it was a microwave meal. I ate the toast and that was about it. My husband had the 2 egg breakfast, the portion was small and was cold by the time we got it. The bloody mary was awful.. Our over $50 tab for 3 meals and one drink seemed ridiculous. Won't be back!!
Come here ONLY FOR THE HAPPY HOUR!! 

The food is reminiscent of high school cafeteria food but the HAPPY HOUR IS SUCH A good deal, it's worth it.... but only for happy hour!!

I think like 4 of us had drinks and food for like 35 dolla!!

Remember, this isn't mortons, and only order appetizers and beers and mixed drinks during happy hour and let the vegas dream live on beootches!
Went here for breakfast. Food was great. Service was great. Price was great. I've heard this place is very lively at night as well. Would definitely recommend.
Happy hour in Vegas on a weekend...Say what?? My friend & I ventured in to good music playing, cheap stiff drinks and food specials. Great way to unwind after walking the strip!  Plus service was great & entertaining.
This is a really cute placeit's something different. 

I had the watermelon spritzer, very sweet, but good if you like watermelon. They refill it for you too

voodoo shrimp - i usually never eat shrimp, but our waitress recommend this so i had to try it. It was really good, jumbo size shrimp smothered with tasty seasoning over corn bread that melts in your mouth!

gumbo - its thick and gooey it was decent. Tasted way better with hot sauce :)

baby back ribs -  literally fell off the bone... it was delish! it also came with cold slaw, beans, and corn. mmMMm the corn was good up until i dropped it :( But my sweet server saw the whole entire incident and fired up a new one for me right away!

Lastly, we had the field of greens... the portion was smaller than the ribs, but that's okay. every bite was yum :)
Went here for breakfast not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. Pancakes were fluffy and tasty, hash browns light and perfectly cooked, eggs fresh and just right. Well, the coffee was weak but at least no bad tastes. Staying at Mandalay 3 days and we'll be back
Just got home not to long ago from hanging out with some friends. We went to the House of Blues to see a concert for the "wonder Girls". They were pretty cool. My friend is more into them, but had me watch a couple of videos on youtube. In the videos the costumes were very colorful and different, yet I like it. We were up front right in front of the stage. This was my first time being there. I was about 15 to 20 minutes late since the concert started right at 6pm. The opening act was the "2AM" group. They were a bunch of young handsome men performing on stage, but I was too busy looking for my friend and her friend that she brought with her. We had a blast standing right in front of the stage to where we could reach out if the performers reached out. As I finally find my friend, the guy band was just finishing up. She said she was upset because I had my camera and didn't take any pics of the guys.. I was tooooo busy looking for her. Then we waited for a short period for the "Wonder Girls" to come out. At that time, I had to ask the security guard if it was ok to go down the stairs in front of him to be with my friend. He was kind enough to let me go. I took his pic later but it was tooo blurry!!! Then the "Wonder Girls" finally came out and gave a good performance. Most of the pics that I took, were a little blurry but it was ok. I even took video clips of the girls as well. Thanks to my friend, I had a good time hanging out.
First off - this review is only for the concert going experience. I don't think I've every actually eaten here, and don't really plan to. 
I've been here quite a few times since I've lived here for concerts. I've actually been to this venue more than any other in town for concerts. 
The last concert I was here for was just this past Friday (Keane with Ingrid Michealson and FRAN HEALY from TRAVIS). The most recent time before this weekend was in October, so I can't really rate on that experience. I've never actually gone to a concert for the almost sole purpose of seeing an opening act (if you couldn't tell, I was there for Fran from Travis). The tickets for this venue usually cheaper than other places on the strip (these were $28 for GA...however, I paid over $15.00 in taxes and fees for each ticket). I've never encountered a completely sold out show, and the will call window is super easy and doesn't typically require an additional fee.
The box office staff at HOB are great. Very friendly and very helpful, this was no exception. The ticket and front security are also efficient and pleasant. They don't seem to get too upset when you are waiting to get into a show. 
The only staff that aren't always good is the inside security. Often times they get a bit assertive about phones and cameras when their really is no need. However, I can see this as a good thing when people really are out of control...which I've seen a couple of times. As for a concert venue, I really think its odd that they have bathroom attendants. I am at a  standing room only concert where I paid $30 for a ticket...I don't really need a bathroom attendant...I guess its charm. The drinks are priced pretty typically for the strip. I had a 24oz Miller Light for around $8. 
Usually the sound and lights are good. This past concert was not good. The first two acts everything seemed to go okay. But when Keane finally started (after what seemed an eternity) the sound was off, and it never really got clear into  the show. My biggest problems where that a) the staff didn't let us know there was technical issues, despite us being able to see they where having problems. b) they didn't get their stuff figured out  to make the sound better, leaving me (maybe I was the only one) with an incomplete feeling from the show. They finished their set, but I couldn't say I 100% enjoyed the show, despite being a fan. 
If I could I'd give a 3.5 because I've seen some amazing shows here. However, its going to be a 3.0 until I can get back to see they still have their act together.
I'm pretty much reviewing this just based on the atmosphere....which is really REALLY cool in my opinion. The downstairs is really open, with a bar, a large dance floor, and stage for concerts. The band playing that night was pretty good, and it was fun to kick back on the balcony above it and bop around to the music. I was there for an event, so we had free wine and beer for a bit (although I was only able to take advantage of one free glass of wine, BOOO) and although I didn't personally try any of the food, the guys I was there with scarfed a bunch of spicy-smelling chicken wings and fries. 
The crowd is pretty good, too. Even though it's in Mandalay Bay, right on the strip, it didn't seem to attract your typical bro-man Vegas crowd, at least not the night I was there (which was Saturday). I'd actually like to have a conversation with the any of the patrons at House of Blues. Four stars for that alone.
Hey!!  I'm waving my at you!  Yes, I'm up on the stage at the House of Blues Gospel Brunch, and I've got my big blue hat in my hand, and my Sunday print dress on, and I'm waving at my pals to come on up and join me!!! Which they eventually do, after slurping down the last of their Bloody Mary's.  The music just enters your brain and gets your spirit hopping, and before you know it you're up on your feet on stage, even if it isn't your birthday or anniversary, it can be one of the best times of your life.
The buffet is a generous and overwhelming helping of Southern food, so there are a lot of Southern favorites like ham, peel and eat shrimp, corn bread, and even grits, as well as coconut cake and all the regular breakfast staples.  The meal is served at long tables, like a dining hall, then the band comes on and renders their soulful ballads in the best of gospel style.  There is an invitation for interaction with the band, the servers constantly bring drinks around, and if you are able to recover from tehenight before, go on up stage and sing halleluliah like you mean it!
Well... came for a late lunch here after a trade show... probably not the best time to experience the place. While the food was not bad, it was far from memorable.
This review is for the restaurant.  we went here twice on our most recent trip once for happy hour and once for lunch.  we were staying at mandalay so it was easy to come here.  ill start with happy hour we had to get a table for it since the bar was too full to sit anywhere and get appetizers.  they seemed apprehensive to let us have a table since they said its only for food.  happy hour has $2 domestic bottles $3 import bottles $4 mixed drinks and half off appetizers.  we got a spinach dip and order of buffalo wings each $5 each.  for that price they were a good deal.  for the normal $10 that they would cost i wouldnt order them.  but that goes for most restaurants appetizer prices.  now i ordered a sam adams which is listed as a domestic beer but gets the charge of an import beer.  i know its a dollar but come on sam adams made in boston equals domestic beer.  the bad part about this was half way through eating some putz came on stage to play his guitar with terrible music and they added the dreaded live entertainment tax that i had read about on here.  an extra $3.80 for this guy.  i dont quite get the live entertainment tax because they dont charge it at margaritaville or toby keiths if someone was playing so i dont know if this is exclusive to them or not.  total bill was about $26 for 4 drinks 2 apps and one terrible musician.

for lunch i had a cup of gumbo which was alright, a tasty buffalo chicken sandwich and my wife had a pulled pork sandwich which she enjoyed.  tons of fries served with each sandwich.  more than enough food.  we used a $25 restaurant.com certificate.  with that and added in tax and gratuity our total bill was only $19.  so lunch ended up being cheaper than happy hour.  thank goodness for no musician.
I like corn bread. The HOB corn bread is the best I've had....ever. And the honey maple butter thing with it....sheeee get out man! Now why don't they have this by where I live? Think I'll search for it now.

On this particularly insomnified night, I'm thinking of all the places I've eaten & Yelpin' 'em all from memory....testing, testing.....
This is a review of HOB Vegas as a concert venue. The food, I've had before and no offense but I'd seriously pass on it...

We saw AFI here this last January. AFI is one of my favorite bands, but more like a 90's version of them and not like the current circa 2000's December underground version. 

As for the venue, this place kinda rocks. It is stadium seating so no problem getting a good view. I feel like it was general admission (pretty sure) but we had no problem getting really good seats. No problem getting in and out of the venue. Even with a long line it moved pretty fast. Good sound overall for the one show we experienced here. Their bar service was really fast with no waits upstairs.

I prefer this HOB over Anaheim any day. Plus the "disneyland" you deal with in Vegas is a lot cooler than the real one. And you don't have to deal with soccer mom's trying to run you over with their strollers...
We came here for Sunday brunch. We wanted to do the gospel brunch, but didn't realize it was only at certain times; so we just came here since it was next door. 
The food was good. I had a well made omelet. The hash browns are Denny's style (grated - hard on top, soft on bottom) but tasty. No complaints about that at all. 
I will complain about the service. Our server must have had a long night before or is just dumb. She brought us our drinks and I asked for a straw. We were seated next to the bar where I could see straws. She continued to check on all her other tables and go in the back. A few minutes passed and I was thirsty, so I went to the bar and got my straw. (Sorry but I will not drink from the glass at restaurants. None clean their glasses by hand and there's usually left over lip balm on the sides. Gross.) I realized I didn't have a knife and asked her for one before my food came out since I knew it would take her a while. She looked at the empty tables around us for one. None of the tables had silverware on them, our hostess put them down when we were seated. It was strange. We asked for boxes and she returned with them. Usually when guests ask for boxes, that means they are done so that's the server's cue to leave the check. Nope, we had to wait for her to make her rounds and go in the back again for her to come back and ask us if we had any coupons. Then she left again and brought us the check. It was truly annoying and because of her, I probably won't go back.
I can only comment on the House of Blues as a concert venue.  We've been here twice (both times to see Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers perform) and I will say that the venue itself is awesome!  Very cool vibe - open and spacious, although it still gives you the feeling of being small.  The decor and lighting makes you feel as though you are transported to a different city.  For us - we prefer standing room for concerts - so you can move in closer and the setting is more intimate. It almost seems as you are at a private concert with just you and the band.  The crowd really gets into it - and the bands feel the energy!  Although our friends have told us that HOB Las Vegas can get shoulder to shoulder crowded for events, both times we've been there it has been perfect.  

The bar area is elevated, with stairs or a ramp leading you down to the floor area.  Even being 5 ft 2 I never felt like I had to struggle to see over the person in front of me.  The sound quality is also awesome!

The only complaint I have, with that of any concert venue, is the bar and beer selection.  Although it was super easy to get a beer (no lines) the prices were pretty ridiculous.  $26 for two Coronas (okay - so they WERE king cans of Corona) but still - a little insane.  But again that's expected when you're out to see a concert.

A definite plus is that being a Vegas venue - the band was able to play past midnight (almost 3 and a half hours), unlike a lot of places where they are cut off early!  House of Blues in Vegas is one of our favorite concert venues!
Just came here for an event. Met president Bill Clinton here and had a photo taken with him, so I can't rate this place lower than 5 :)
Pizza was bland.  Cost of beer inexpensive.  Service was marginal.
I have always loved this place in the Mandalay Bay especially for breakfast.  Last week I had lunch.  I had some very good fish gumbo, and their House Burger--a mushroom, mozzarella cheese burger.  The gumbo was outstanding with just a little kick to it.  The burger was very good also, but a little greasy!  My one complaint was the service was very slow.  They were rearranging the room for the Gospel Brunch which is the best time to come here.  House of Blues is one of the best theme burger joints.  I have not had breakfast here this past year, but it was always great.  You cannot go wrong with the burgers here, although they are not anywhere near the class of the elite burger joints.
This review is for the food.

AMAZING.  We woke up rather late and were starving.  One of my friends said "I'm feeling a big fat juicy burger with mushrooms and avocado and sweet potato fries" and the next minute four drooling women were on a major mission.  We walked into The Café in The Hotel and saw maybe two burgers on the menu, with overly fancy fixings for $18.  FAIL!  

On our way to get a quick Starbucks, me and another gal checked the menu for House of Blues as we passed by and low and behold- burgers and sweet potato fries for about $12!!!  

Our waiter, Angel, was super sweet and did an awesome job of taking care of us!  

I'm adding this place to the short list for best sweet potato fries, ever!  Sweet, slightly salted, crispy, and delicious and Angel recommended the spicy tarter sauce to go with (SO GOOD).  I ordered the Mushroom Swiss Burger and it was heaven in my mouth; grilled onions and shrooms falling out all over the place, juice all over my hands.  Lawd.

I'm definitely coming back here next time I'm in Sin City!!!
I would have given three stars but they charge you an "entertainment" tax of 18% when dining here.  They had two guys playing on stage and after we came in they sang TWO songs and were done for the night.  They were O.K. and actually I was glad when they were finished as they were a little too loud and I just wanted dinner.  And the service wasn't too great either.

For dinner we shared the Gator Pizza which was really quite good with just enough kick to it.  And we also shared the Paneed Chicken  which wasn't as good.  It had a strange flavor to it that I can't really describe.  We got a watermelon spritzer drink which was like a watermelon soda and that was really good.

Not sure if I will be back as I feel they should have informed me about the entertainment tax beforehand and the food is just O.K. nothing that I would want to pay an additional tax for!
My mom and I both got the worst food poisoning here from the steak!!!!!  Avoid it!
Not only great for concerts, but breakfast is the bomb. Fast service great food. Can't wait to come back.
This place just didn't do it for me. We ate at the restaurant...forgettable and went to a music venue. The venue was just small...most clubs are bigger than this.
best place in las vegas to see a concert. small venue, you can see everything on that stage. its especially really nice when the cute singers take their pants off and sing. its like you brought binoculars its so cozy.
Every HOB is the same, right?  Not true.  Instead of the standing room everywhere downstairs deal that I'm used to, these guys have added a few "VIP" areas where one could sit down and/or get bottle service.  Man, this VIP/bottle game has gotten toooo ubiquitous here in the City of Sin.  

So we were here to see Steel Panther on a Fri night.  Not too bad a line and I coughed up for the first round of drinks while the others found us a place from which to watch the show.  Just below us are totally unoccupied comfy couches guarded by a helpful gentleman who said that for $300 we could sit and get a bottle of hooch and mixers.  Nay say I, besides, we're drinking beer.  Roll up the sleeves, here come the negotiations...  Long story short (too late) we got down to $150 and it comes with a $100 bar tab.  Still we walked on the deal--two of our members were not drinking by that point.

Anyhow, decent show (though long on the banter and mucho sampled backgrounds) and a decent sound in the venue, but I have one more complaint.  While I was...um...making room for another beer I noticed that Fridays were $6 24oz Bud Lights.  Since I had been paying $11 for 24oz Coors Lt I decided to switch.  Ordered up 3 and was told that it would be $33.  I reminded the tarbender of the ad in the bathroom and he said that was the 12oz cans.  Aw, fuggetaboutit.
Good food. Good Service. Great live music--gratuity paid for live music.
If you ever get a chance to see one of your favorite bands at the House of Blues,  DO IT. The venue is the perfect size to see an intimate show from general admission or the paid seats. The energy in the place is awesome and infectious. The only knock I had was the somewhat small bathrooms and the ridiculously overpriced drinks. These weren't enough to take off a full star, so my true rating would probably be a 4.5 stars.
I've always enjoyed watching shows here. It's nice and small, so you're pretty close to the performers even if you're in the back. Of course, I'm talking about the general admission floor area. I'm not really sure why anyone would pay extra to sit up top.

Ticket prices don't seem to be as cheap as they used to be. I remember paying $20 to see Foo Fighters a decade ago. I also saw Redman and Method Man for about $20 and I bought Killers tickets for my brother for $20 a pop. Last week, I paid $45 to see Wu-Tang Clan. Still, I like the venue. It may be on the strip, but Mandalay's parking is easily accessible from the freeway.

On the restaurant side of things, I've eaten here a couple of times, but quite a long time ago. I remember having the Jambalaya and I still think that was one of the best I've ever had. I'm not an expert by any stretch. For some reason, whenever I see Jambalaya or Paella or Risotto on a menu, I have to try it. In fact, I saw a restaurant.com coupon for this place yesterday. I may need to return to try that Jambalaya again.
Love the HOB! We saw a great band here, and it was amazing. Again, the wings will never let you down... so great! The prices weren't too outlandish considering the great atmosphere and live music.
Perfect size. Friendly staff.
First off, let me qualify that I've never eaten here, just gone to the shows.

If I have any real issue with this concert venue it is that I am a little bored of it.  Seems that about half or more of the bands I want to see in Vegas are playing here.

The VIP areas are a little annoying, but this is Vegas.  Maybe I've just lived here too long to be outraged by this, but they really aren't in the way of anyone of average height.  The VIP boxes are lower than the bar area so those of us in the back still get a nice view from any of the three bars.

The floor area is of decent size but can be a bit too crowded for some of the more popular shows.  All in all unless you plan yourself behind a pillar the view is good from just about anywhere.

Sound is no better or worse that most places I've been, though I can remember a show some years back where a band blew at least one of the venue speakers mid-set which was obnoxious.
We stopped into House of Blues for breakfast thinking what could possibly be simpler than steak and eggs or other simple breakfast fare? 

Obviously, quite a lot could be simpler, the first red flag heralding the catastrophe to come was the complete lack of anyone at the maître d' kiosk for five minutes. The food was greasy, overcooked, and completely disappointing for the price. The service was amateurish and ghastly at very best. It's probably a better gig if your enjoying a show with a couple of drinks in you.
This review is for breakfast. I ordered the sampler and everything was luke warm. The yolks of my over easy eggs were solid. The portions were huge and the pancakes were tasty but everything was overpriced. With the price I paid please bring my food to me warm and cook my eggs right. Even my mimosa couldn't redeem my experience.
The main reason to come here is the cornbread, which is simply the best you'll find anywhere. Outside of that, the fare is very average. My baby back ribs were too stringy and didn't have enough meat on them andThe cook tried to compensate by over saucing them with a tangy sticky non spicy sauce.  The beans were good but the gumbo was utter crap! The service was nothing special either. Only come here if you're desperate for cornbread.
First time at House of Blues, Vegas edition.  Was brought here for a Steel Panther show by a Steel Panther lover.  I'll focus on the venue and not get distracted by the major girl fight that occurred... which was quickly ushered off the stage (go bouncers, go!).  PS - the bouncer right in front is huge.  Don't you dare think of climbing on stage.  

The main floor appeared mostly packed, so we chose a spot right behind the railing by the upper bar.  View was good - a bit confused by the VIP (maybe?) area behind the sound booth where a few people were hanging out.  Sound quality was a bit muffled, but maybe I just had a hard time understanding the lyrics and the banter onstage.  Still, it wasn't the most superb.

I spotted two bars, one close behind where I stood... there was plenty of room for purchasers at the bar and the crowd watching the show from the higher level; the second bar was on the left side of the room.  Both bars were extremely overpriced considering the liquor prices in Vegas, so I opted out.  

*Shows:  The upcoming band lineup looked great.  I'd definitely consider 
a late night concert in Vegas easily.  

*Location :  Easy to find in Mandalay Bay

*Parking:  A cinch.  Vegas is good for parking.  Free self-parking all over the place!  

*Price:  Seemed reasonable (~$20).  If you were local to LV, you could get into the Steel Panther show I saw at HOB for free.  And who said there's no such thing as a free show?  It exists here.
Tried to come in here for an early lunch at about 10:40 on the morning we checked out of Mandalay. They weren't serving lunch until 11 and didn't offer us the opportunity to just hang around so we ended up ordering breakfast. I got the gravy and biscuits (which the waitress immediately corrected to "biscuits and gravy" - strange) and the wife got a breakfast burrito that seemed pretty standard.

Overall we were in and out in less than 30 minutes. Service was ok, food was ok, kind of annoyed by the whole thing, hence the 3 stars.
Not fancy, but cool as hell. Kinda like the blue bayou at disneyland in atmosphere (trying to create an outdoor, southern atmosphere inside) but with actual solid interpretations of southern classics. 

Service is spotty but, hell, you're in a casino and the chef isn't a celebrity. 

Biscuits and gravy rock the party, but, predictably, you can only eat about one, since they are so rich. Still, yum yum. 

Also, beans, rice and jambalaya kicked my ass. In a good way. Spicy, tons of protein, rice not cooked too much and hot sauce. Buh-bye hangover. 

Best part? If you eat here for breakfast your receipt has a 2-1 offer for breakfast the next morning (Read: grub on biscuits and gravy for free. WORD!)

This is a great stop if you're in the Mandalay/Luxa/Ex area. :)
Hit up House of Blues for Lunch, while in Vegas...Ambeince  great, service was good, restaurant was actually fairly busy for a Monday afternoon.  Food was just ok, not great.  We got the Shrimp Po Boy, Gumbo, Blue Burger, Blackened chicken Sandwich and Kids Mac. Decent portions, just not a lot of flavor... but lets face it theres better eats in vegas and your not stoping here for the culinary excellence, its the music, drinks and location!  Have fun play hard its vegas baby!!
This place is huge and sits off to the side in the Manadalay Bay casino.  It has that fake rustic look and lots of tables everywhere with a stage for their acts.   HOB is about the merchandise and not the food.  

I have never seen a show here. I ate breakfast here once.  I ordered a $11 ity bity breakfast burrito that was the blandest thing ever!  Plus service was so-so for being so dead.  

Their lunch/dinner menu looks good, but after the bad breakfast I probably wouldn't head back.
Didn't like this place on a Sunday night. Really expensive beers and the music wasn't good blues. Seemed more of rock music. Plus there were a lot of weird paintings.
Like all House of booze's, I usually only come when a good band or artist is perfoming.  

Sound is decently well, and you can for the most part have a good view of the stage anywhere you stand, unless it's packed like the night I went to see Social Distortion play.  This place gets negative points for having limited bartenders to a sold out Social D show, having to wait in a line to get a drink is no fun!!!!!

I would come here again though!
5 Stars??!! For the Vegas HOB??!!  Really?

Yeah.... here's why.....

 My wife and I stay in Vegas way too much. We love Mandalay Bay. 

Invariably, I check out who's playing the HOB downstairs, plunk down the money (generally a great deal) and go see a band of which I have a passing interest.

I've been blown away by some bands (Porcupine Tree) and pleasantly surprised by others (Joe Satriani, Styx, Flogging Molly) Some have been a drunkin mess. (I'm looking at you, Joe Rogan)

All have been entertaining.
I've been here before, but never for their happy hour.

Came here prior to a night of clubbing at Vanity.  The happy hour wasn't huge or anything , but what I did order was super tasty!

Ordered:

Spinach & Artichoke Dip-  Man this was a huge order of chips and dip.  Red chips and white chips ...oh my !!   I love this stuff... one of the best I have tasted.

Buffalo Wings-  $5.00 for a pound of wings... Score !!!  Don't forget the ranch, napkins, extra napkins, and a wedge of lemon to help cleanse your hands of the buffalo scent.  The power of citrus ...amazing !!

Blue Skittles Shot-  This was not on the happy hour, but it was recommended by my server.  It really did taste like a Skittle!  I wonder if there are other shots that taste like the rest of the rainbow?  
He let me keep the shot glass too!  Heck yeah !!

I recommend this place for cheap Happy Hour on the strip.  Great value!

Free shot glass, good recommendation from the server, cheap happy hour, awesome Spinaach Dip and Wings... how can I not give them a 5?
Overpriced drinks and food, but the best place to go for shows.  If it wasn't for the concerts, I would have no desire to come back.
yup, it's a fiver =)

I enjoy the service and the food is good, too...after a long day bringing tourists to Vegas on vacation, I'm due for some down time my self. I enjoy some live music, a plate of baby back ribs, some sweet potato fries and a Stella...life's good.  The staff is friendly and fast, from the waiters to the bartenders, and my food is always done just like I like it.  It's a fiver...yup!!!
* We used restaurant.com gift certificate for lunch.

* I had the steak salad and it was just ok.

* I wished we went to the Gospel brunch instead of just the regular restaurant area.

* I think this place is better for dinner than lunch fare. I think it will be more lively :).
The service is so very slow.  It took far too long just to get our drink orders in.  Then another millenium went by waiting for them.  Then the food came out so much later.  Our server was friendly, but it could not make up for the tremendously slow service.  No, it was not that busy either.

The food is just ok at best.  I ordered an omlette and it was edible, but not much better than that.  Just no flavor.

I knew better, but I let friends make the choice.  Never again.
My wife and I frequent this place mainly cause its UBER fun! Let's start with the concerts. Decently priced entertainment in Vegas is hard to come by. Here I rock out with the wife in a totally cool concert hall and I still got enough for the booze. The last act I caught here was Satriani and dude was I blown away! Ok now the food is the usual fair but not the generic casino food you always see. Wings are hot served with slaw and bleu cheese. Pepperoni Pizza's are crisp. Smokehouse Burger with Bacon is my usual choice cause with the burgers they load the fries. They also put together a pretty good rib platter. Ceaser salad with Salmon was nicely put together. Gumbo was flavorful and filled with sausage and shredded chicken. So if your down for the type of food that goes great with loud live music and I say this cause there is always some band or act playing on the main stage then your in for a treat. The Bread Pudding is what the wife likes. Servers here are simply the most down to earth people you'll ever meet. Amongst the chaos of live music she was able to keep our order totally straight with a smile to die for. Party of six. I don't  mention names in my reviews but if you get the sweetest red hair lady you will agree. Since you read this far here the secret tip, the happy hour is the best time cause its half off all the appetizers. Other times this place can tend to be a bit pricey with the added entertainment taxes that Las Vegas charges when Live music is playing. If you go to  http://restaurant.com your able to get a discount voucher that you can use to counter this extra expense. My last note on the House is Check out the Steel Panther act. I had a good buzz and stumbled in to the concert. It was the funnest time I ever had at a rock concert. It was Hilarious!!! Then after the concert there's an DJ Spinning out After the restaurant closes. This place is way too much fun.
My 21st birthday was spent in Vegas, and in the duration of my trip I visited House the House of Blues twice! I couldn't ask for a better place to have gone for my birthday! I love the House of Blues. 
This one isn't the first one I've been to, although, I do think that this is probably my favorite one so far. The food is really great here. I love their caesar dressing, and the chocolate cake is to die for. 
The drinks are moderately priced, just like the food. HOB is just a great place to come and relax on a lazy Vegas night or to come and jam out with some of music's biggest names to date. 
It is usually packed, so it is a good idea to have someone arrive about 30 minutes early to get your name on the list.
I love the decor, the giant tree in the middle of the restaurant, especially. The Dia De Los Muertos theme is really great, too. 
I shall return to you, House of Blues.
Came here for some special event for UNLV. It was some kind of contest setup for bartending. I guess it was sponsored by Sailor Jerry rum. There were a whole bunch of cutie rockabilly girls there showing off all their ink. The hubby was sad to have missed that!
So I was to drink the 4 types of drinks they were pouring and pick my favorite. We could go up and get as many as we wanted which was nice. Its always fun to have an excuse to drink..it was a contest after all.
They even had a nice foodie table set up with fruits/meats/cheese. So people had something in the ol' tummy before drinking themselves silly.
For a free event it sure was fun!
My husband and our friends wanted to eat someplace where we could sit down and relax after a long day, and long walks, so we decided to check out the blues. It was nice. I was expecting a performance, but there wasn't anything going on when we came in, but oh well, their food was still good. The service was great. This is a nice place to come for dinner to relax, chat and sober up. We wouldn't mind coming back here again. I gave it a 4 because it was a little dark in there... I get it, its the theme, but still... I'd like a little more light.
We came here for Happy Hour with half price appetizers and drink specials. There was a guy playing acoustic guitar who was pretty good in my opinion. One of the girls who worked there said it was there pretty much every weekday performing during Happy Hour. It was a nice addition to the experience. 

We had: 
-margarita pizza (just OK- I've had better) 
-spinach dip (good but served with a sort of potato chip like thing that I didn't care for) 
-chicken wings on a bed of coleslaw (I guess the wings were small but flavorful and the coleslaw was average is what was reported to me since I do not eat meat) 
-Voodoo Shrimp (excellent--served with cornbread and it was yummy!) 

For 3 of us and we each got a drink special it was less than $50 so for Vegas it was pretty reasonable and we left full!
My wife and I have been at this establishment a number of times.   We usually order the chicken wings as an appetizer, along with the catfish fingers and sweet potato  fries.   The pizza isn't worth the time or the money.  The spinach dip with fries would be better if they ditched the potato chips and instead use pita chips.   Usually the service is fast, but last night we had to wait quite a while.   Burgers are good and the drink prices are reasonable.  All in all a good place to enjoy live music.
after about an hour of arguing what to eat, my friend and i reluctantly decided on h.o.b.  much to our surprise it was pretty good. got the blackened chicken sangwich with sweet potato fries.  
hit the spot big time.
now where is my straw.......
I was in Vegas recently for my birthday and we decided to have a snack to break us away from gambling for a bit. The main draw was the happy hour specials for appetizers at $6 a pop. 

Upon walking in, I immediately enjoyed the interior. There was a lot of interesting things to look upon, including a gargantuan fake tree. Also, a musician started playing acoustically, which was unexpected and made the experience more fun. 

When the food arrived, we were very pleasantly surprised with the portions because we weren't expecting so much for the money we were paying. We enjoyed the spinach dip with kettle chips and the shrimp with cornbread. The cornbread was SO good and the sauce they put on the plate was a big hit with all three of us. Definitely my favorite. The wings were just average. We ended up not even finishing all of the apps, with the exception of the shrimp dish. Not bad for 18 bucks betwixt 3 people!
Cool lively spot to have a few drinks and appetizers.  The live band was cool.
Cool little venue for checking out concerts. Came her to see UB40 for an awesome concert, and we recently returned to see Reggaeton artist
Don Omar.

We stood in a very long line that stretched around more than half the casino floor. Guys were pimpin' their best threads and ladies were hoochiefied in their highest heels and skimpiest skirts....immediately that song from the movie Friday played in my mind("hood rat, hood rat hoochie mama!!!")

Once finally inside, the crowed waited at least 45 minutes before the opening act came on. Then came about an hour intermission before Don Omar came on. Luckily, the crowd wasn't restless at all and the concert was a blast, regardless if it was standing room only...ALOHA!!!
Great place for a burger and beer snack. Fried pickles are very good and the service is always friendly and efficient. Not a mind blowing experience, but you always know what you are going to get and it's decent food.
We really enjoyed our visit to the House of Blues. Everything from the food to the ambience was perfect! We ordered a variety of menu items so we could dine family-style between 6 people. I'm not an expert in cajun-style cuisine but everything I tried, I really loved. 

We had: voodoo shrimp, gumbo, jambalaya, blackened jumbo shrimp with fettucini alfredo, and baby back ribs! OH EM GEE, the ribs were spectacular! Tender, moist, and oh so delicious! I was completely addicted to the shrimp fettucini dish. It was served over a bed of alfredo and spicy tomato sauce. YUM! I also got to sample some desserts as well. My faves were the bread pudding and the apple tart. And by the way, the portions are HUGE so be sure to be hungry!

Service is great here...the servers are friendly, efficient, and very good at what they do. The atmosphere was upbeat and fun, with a live band 30 feet away from our table. Can't wait to return to the House of Blues!
The bf wanted to see Bad Brains in the worst way and much to his surprise they were playing at House of Blues last night. Hooray! According to him this was a rare treat (I guess they were only playing 3 dates in the US). 

The tickets were cheap and because we were locals (with local ID) we got the service charge waived and some sort of VIP drink pass which gave us discounted well drinks, house wine and domestic beers. The box office staff were friendly and quite helpful. 

On the day of the show there was no line to get in, the bouncers were pleasant (that's kinda rare in Vegas...maybe because I am a girl). There were a bunch of people standing to the side smoking (since I last came here they made everyone go out into the casino to smoke...kinda weird).

We roll up to the bar and they had big boy cans of beer. We wanted PBR but they were out so we opted for Miller Lite. With our cool discount band we got 2 for $12. That isn't horrible by Vegas standards Sam, the bartender, was awesome and sweet. Totally made us feel at home (well as best as he could considering the music was loud and the crowd was rowdy).

Overall we had a blast at the show and I didn't even feel old (I was probably the average). Plus...there were not too many skeezy guys trying to scam on girls...hooray! Will be back if there is another band that we want to see.
One of the best venues to see a rock show! Drinks are expensive, but there's not a bad seat in the house.
Went there for dinner with some friends.  I was not impressed at all.  The shrimp appetizer was OK.  The jambalaya was spicy hot (good) but mostly because it was swamped with black pepper (bad).  All I tasted was black pepper.  Service was slow and I never got a refill on my drink or even my water.
Venue Review!

I love, love, LOVED this place! It's inside the Mandalay Bay . My bf and I were staying at NY, NY and walked from there to HOB. But don't be like us, take the tram from Excalibur, it'll save you some walking/exercise. ;)

We were there to see Brandon Flowers. Going in was quick and easy. The staff was helpful in getting us to our seats. As soon as we got seated we went to the bar and the bartender was REALLLLLY nice! I asked her to suggest a drink for me (something fruity and peach-y but still kinda strong. ;) ) She mixed something up for me then told me that if I didn't like it then she would give me something else, no charge. Luckily, I LOVED it. ;)

Brandon Flowers put on a great show (OF COURSE ;) ) my only complaint that from where we were sitting, it was really difficult to see him when he was in the center or on the right of the stage. We could only clearly see him when he was on the left. =/

Leaving the show was also not really pleasant. There was only ONE exit!! o_O It took us a good 10 minutes just to get back out to the casino again. =/ 

Overall though, I really enjoyed myself. :)
VENUE REVIEW - not the restaurant 

Here's the dealio with HOB: For a long time they genuinely were a venue that did absolutely nothing to cater to locals. They jacked up prices and made concert goers pay outrageous random fees. Which, by the way, you will STILL have to pay if you purchase any tickets for this venue on Ticketmaster. A ticket that starts at a base of $25 will end up costing you $37 by the time you finally purchase (no joke here).

So, as a local, I do have the ability to purchase tickets directly at the box office and if YOU are a local, I suggest you do the same. I recently went to see Jimmy Eat World here and purchased my ticket on site. SHOW THEM YOUR LOCAL ID before they punch in the purchase! They will waive the fees AND you will receive a pass that gets you a percentage off of drinks in the venue on the night of the show. YAY! 

The night I went to see JEW, it was an all ages crowd, which is always a little annoying, but I digress. I do think HOB is a nice venue and it is versatile. I have seen many shows here: Ghostland Observatory, Less Thank Jake, Reel Big Fish, and also, Adam Carolla doing stand up. 

The JEW show I think was over-sold. There was just WAY too many people crammed in the venue. HOB has a special vibe, it has a good bar staff and an intimate feel - and you should not have to be crammed up against someone like you're at freaking Warped Tour when you go there.

I really think they should streamline their process of getting in as well. Do I REALLY need to be asked 3 times to show my ticket? Especially when I already get in the venue and have two paper bracelets on my arm? Digging my ticket out of my purse once I've walked down the stairs is just a hassle, and is unnecessary.

Anyway, every concert venue in Vegas over-prices their tickets in my opinion. They know they can get away with it because so many people from out of town come to see shows here, but at least HOB is now offering the locals discount.
***THIS IS STRICTLY FOR THE LATIN NIGHT VENUE OF HOB***

House of Blues Latin nights, Thursdays @Mandalay Bay, no goood :( ENOUGH SAID. lol.

All I can really say is that me and my girlfriend were really hyped to check out this night since there are not a whole lot of Latin nights in Las Vegas, and it sounded even better that it was at Mandalay Bay. I thought it was funny that on this particular night, as me and my girl were on our way over to HOB, we listened to the Dj say on the radio say "This place is poppin tonight!! Whoop whoop!" YET when we arrived around at 12:30am,10 minutes before we heard the Dj's announcement, there was a total of 8 people on the dance floor :/ I would say the DJ over exaggerated a bit. 

This was a very disappointing Latin night and what sucks is that this place has SO MUCH POTENTIAL TO BE GREAT. Great location, plenty of room to sit, a decent sized dance floor, music is perfect, BUT for some reason- NO CROWD!! I dont get it.
Man, (most) security guards SUCKED this time around. . .
When I went to see Brandon Flowers here (my one and only, hopefully last visit to this HOB) the staff was horrible.  I know this will sound silly and like I'm exaggerating, but I truly felt like none of them had ever organized/worked a concert before.  It was absolute chaos.  I go to concerts all the time and this was by far the worst experience I've had with a venue and their ability to fairly and effectively manage the crowd.  Lots of people were waiting all day long before the show started and hours later, closer to showtime, the whole line was moved around about 8 or 9 times.  One guy would tell us we were all in the wrong place and needed to line up by the escalators, then someone else would lead us to a different spot in the casino, then back in front of the venue again, and it went on and on and on.  This whole time the line was getting messed up and people were running around like crazy trying to make sure they didn't get screwed out of their spot.  Once they finally decided where to put us, half the people were facing in one direction and half in the other direction.  The staff couldn't even decide where the front of the line was!  It was so ridiculous none of us could believe it.  

They continued to be completely unorganized and when we were finally let into the venue, they destroyed the line again by holding back the right side & letting tons of people from the left go in...and then did the same to the other side.  Do these people not understand the point of lining up??  It's not just for fun, it's because we all spent many hours trying to ensure a great spot.  Telling us "every spot is a good spot" is irrelevant and makes it clear that you don't understand at ALL.  

Oh I forgot to mention the best part.  To even get into this line that would be let in first, they force you to spend $20 in their store or restaurant to get a pass in.  So if you're a huge fan of whoever is playing, just know that the 'Pass The Line' people will be let in before you unless you shell out an additional $20.  Way to pray on the fans, make a quick buck, and then treat us like crap, HOB.  Not amused at all.

I hope Brandon never plays here again, because he's the only musician I'd go through this for again.  I almost gave them 2 stars because the bartender was nice when I asked for water, but they really don't deserve it.
Food is good. Service is average. 

Open for breakfast & way cheaper than the other sit down breakfast places in Luxor or Mandalay Bay. Has a bounce back coupon, eat breakfast here one morning, get a coupon for the following day 2-4-1 breakfast entree. 

Also has a rocking Happy Hour from 2 - 6 pm Monday - Friday $2.00 domestic pints, $3.00 import pints.
Now, I have been to many a show at House of Blues. This venue is amazing for intimate shows and always good for a dance party. Recently, they have been advertising local specials on drinks. I am guessing this is to attract more local traffic as I am sure it has decreased with the opening of the Cosmo and they're great line-up of shows. We went to see Panic! at the Disco, whom we are all fans of. The show was great, but when we asked about the local drink specials, we were told by the bartender that he had no idea what we were talking about. Meanwhile on a television screen behind him, the advertisements were playing, We pointed this out to him and were told, "Everyone pays the same price". Hey House of Blues, if you want us to pay $10 for a tall boy of PBR, we will. Just don't tell us it'll be cheaper. BOOOOOOOOOO!
My girlfriend invited me out last night to House of Blues at MGM.  She had free tickets to try out their new menu. I have never gone and have always wanted to so I told her to count me in!

We were greater by a friendly staff and escorted to our table. It was a little cramped for me but nothing I couldn't manage. 

Our server was really fun, his name was Jason. We ordered the house salad, Cobb salad, chicken wings, and two mixed drinks served in a mason jar that we even got to keep. 

The food was presented very beautifully with a great appearance. The house salad was sort of bland and boring. The Cobb salad was amazing. I loved how they placed all the items individually on the plate so you could remove the items you didn't want like the bleu cheese. It was really appetizing and delicious. The chicken wings were great! Not to spicy but had just enough of a little kick. The problem with the chicken wings was the size. They served them whole and were not cut up individually into a breast, wing, and thigh. It was totally messy! My hand were covered in sauce and I felt like a carnivore trying to rip the meat off the bones. 

The atmosphere was great! A live jazzy band was playing and people were dancing. We had a great time.  I would definitely come back in the future.
The decor was too dark and too grim, not a fan. However the mac and cheese side tasted alright. I order bbq ribs as an entree. It was well done and tender but the sauce left something to be desired. The sweet potato fries were tasty! For the high price, I would *not* bother.
After 10pm there are not many dining choices, so we went for a late dinner after a show.  There was a band playing, so it was extremely noisy (of course).  The food and service are just ok - typical bar food.  But, the people watching was quite entertaining!
I was in LV for my sisters wedding and decided to check this place out by myself and had a blast to say the least lol. People seem to be so much nicer when youre out of town on vacation. Will definitely be coming back.
Oh biscuits and gravy - thou art a comfort food for my belly and soul.  After too many nights up in a row until your nerves are shooting acetacholin randomly and and are as frayed as the bottom of your favorite jeans - thy creamy goodness smoothes over the jagged edges and coates the belly that by now is a cess pool of 3 olive martinis and grand marnier.
This review is based on my experience at the Panic! at the Disco show held in their music venue 6/18/11.

It was my first time inside the venue, it is beautifully decorated in what I can only describe as a voodoo-goth theme. There are really cool lighted cut-out scenes on both sides of the room, a giant chandelier in the center of the seating area, and the common areas have really cool accessories.

We were in the nosebleed general admission area up on the third floor.  They do general admission differently than other venues, I was expecting to be on the floor (we used to call them pits in the day), something like how they do at the Pearl at the Palms.

They had some sofas that gave the best view from the general admissions area, but they required a $200+ bar purchase to sit there.

Overall, the band was great (but way too much chit chat in between songs). They had two opening acts (not mentioned on the tickets), so they didn't go on until 2 hours after showtime. The sound system was mediocre. I got a lot of feedback where I was sitting, so all of my videos of the band sound like crap.

I don't think I would go back here for a musical act in the future unless I really had to.
My first time going to the HOB Gospel Brunch, and I actually thought this experience was really great.  My advice: get there when the doors open, rush to your table, and go straight for the buffet.  Dump your plate of food on the table and get your dessert from the dessert station.  I say that because (1) the buffet line gets looooong, and (2) I noticed the dessert table right away and thought I would get something later after I ate... but they never refilled the Key Lime Pie and some of the other goodies that were there.

The food: 
Lots of cajun classics, from jambalaya to biscuits and grits. There was also a carving station with a mound of chilled peel-and-eat shrimp.

As a vegetarian, I was thrilled to see they had a vegetarian pasta... and it was delicious.  It had a bunch of veggies in it (like brocolli, califlower, tomatoes), and pesto, with melted cheese on top.  That's pretty much all I ate from the main buffet line, besides some breakfast potatoes. The french toast sticks were horrendous...obviously some food service garbage that was freezer-burned.

They also had beautiful fresh fruit, pastries, and mini bundt cakes.  The bundt cakes were chocolate, vanilla, or blueberry  (and I might have seen a lemon or pineapple one on the bottom) and I loved them.

The music: 
I am not a particularly religious person and I knew absolutely nothing about gospel music. Going into it  I thought it was going to be more neutral... more inspirational than religous.  However, it was quite religious. There were tons Amens and Hallelujahs, and Jesus was thanked many times, which is fine - they were doing their thing and I respect that. They even did the classic hymn, "Amazing Grace," and it was beautiful.

The singers and band overall were outstanding, and they sang for at least an hour.  

It was about $40/person which I think is an excellent deal for quality food and entertainment. I would definitely go to the Gospel Brunch again, perhaps at another House of Blues to see how they do it in another city.

F.Y.I. - the noise level was about a 9/10, you couldn't hear the person next to you over the music while you were eating.
My wife and I have been going to Thursday night dinner at House of Blues for many years, as we enjoy seeing some of our favorite local bands play during dinner. Last night was the first time we have been there in a couple months, and were severely disappointed.

To start the night off poorly, the hostess placed us, essentially, on the casino floor in the farthest table from the stage. We asked if we could have one of the empty tables closer to the stage, being told "no, there is no server for that section." Before our drink order was taken, there were people seated at those empty tables.

Then, looking at the menu, we were even more disappointed and aggravated. We expect to pay more than normal restaurant prices to eat at House of Blues. However, $3.99 for an ice cream scoop of luke warm/cold mashed potatoes and the same price for an equal amount of snap peas is asinine. 

Their entire menu has drastically gone up in price and down in selection. None of the good items are available anymore.

The only reason two stars got marked, after talking to one of the floor managers, she apologized at the illogical reason we were not permitted to sit at quality tables, moved us to a better section and comp'd us some drinks and dessert. Our servers were also pretty on top of things. 

After having that first, bad experience as we got to the restaurant, it tilted the night's mood.
Our group accidentally went to the House of Blues during their 2 to 6 happy hour and it was a great, great deal with a couple hits and misses.

The carribean jerk chicken wings are a big hit! The wings themselves are huge since they are both wing and drumsticks. The seasoning on them is delicious and hits that great balance of spicy, savory, and sweet.
I got the beef street tacos and those were a major miss. They were tiny, dry and lacking any flavor.
The pulled pork sliders were somewhere between the other dishes as they were a bit dry and not as flavorful but were still satisfying.

The best thing about the whole thing was that the total came out to $25 for 4 dishes. A great value in my opinion that filled us up and was good.

It is also good to note that the menu at the Las Vegas location is an abbreviated version of their other locations.
went there for breakfast with a group of 6.  i ordered the joe's scramble and really liked it.  had a side of hashbrowns.  would come back!
Been here many times, and have never been disappointed. The food is always good, breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and I've never had bad service. Great venue to see a show. Didn't care too much for the Gospel Brunch, but I was extremely hung over, and it was a bit loud.
Review for Concert area only. Was here to see a great local band Moksha on Saturday. As a concert venue this place is OK. I have been to a few shows here in the past, this was my first since yelping. Ultimately there isn't anything in my book to say that's really great about the place, or that is really bad about it. Hence in the middle with 3 stars. 

The venue it a bit intimate with its setup, that you can be up close. Its not really big, so crowd is together for it. Sound and lighting are both good. Drink Prices are usually average strip prices, $13 for a tall boy of Guinness extra stout isn't to bad in my book. 

Ultimately if you like a band that is playing here, go see them. The venue is not going to add much to the show, but won't detract from it either.
We tried out the new menu at House of Blues on Friday night. We had the street tacos. They were good but nothing special for $11. 

Also tried the jalapeño turkey burger and the mushroom manchego burger. The best part of the burger was actually the bun!!  Fococcia I do believe. 

Be warned that there is a live entertainment tax added to your bill automatically!!  We talked to our server and got it removed because we never heard a live note played :)

All in all, pretty good. We just eat there because it's close to where we are going for the evening!
Dinner at the House of Blues nearly inspired me to sing the blues. 

If I had a mic and harmonica I'd sing you a woeful tune about the ahi tuna appetizer. Tiny, bland and overpriced.

The St. Louis ribs that featured more inedible gristle than meat.

The redeeming factors that push the review from 1 to 3 stars would be the great service and music we enjoyed during our visit.

Next time I'll go back for drinks and a show, but I'll eat my food elsewhere.
Came in around 6:20 maybe (darn, just missed happy hour!) and asked the hostess for her opinion: we had a show to catch at 7:30, would we have enough time to eat here or should we go somewhere else? She said we'd be fine and that it usually takes 45 minutes so we got seated.

We asked our waitress about the Yelp deal that gives you a free appetizer with order of an entree and she said she'd have to check with her manager first because they might only accept printed coupons. C'mon hon, it's a deal that you get from checking in on Yelp with your mobile phone, if you expect people to print this out then I'm going to yell at you. So when she comes back she ends up saying that she thinks it's okay but another waiter is taking over our table so when we pay, we can just bring up the deal to him. I ordered the chicken quesadilla appetizer and BF got one of the sandwiches (I think chicken) with sweet potato fries upgrade. Then we waited and waited and waited. Our waiter had already refilled our water glasses twice and then as we continued to wait, I think he just started to avoid our table altogether. At maybe 7:10 I finally just stopped him and asked how much longer our food would be and he said he would check. He came back with our food and I asked for the check and had to ask about the Yelp deal all over again.

BF's order did not have sweet potato fries, no way did we have time to exchange it though. As irritated as I was, when we began to eat it was kind of like "okay, well this is pretty yummy.." That's pretty much the only thing saving them in this review because I'm still so irritated by the communication between workers and the service overall. Yes they were friendly but geez. The hostess knew we were in a rush but never bothered to let our servers know? And when you switch out servers you should be updating the server replacing you about anything regarding the table, don't tell the customer to re-explain something to the new server. I understand our situation was a little different because we were in a rush to begin with but if we were going to wait that long just to receive the food, I would've appreciated being told at the door that I should consider eating somewhere faster. 

Most dishes are overpriced but the Yelp deal did make it worth eating there so thanks Yelp! Rather unpleasant experience but the food was not to blame
Just some average food. Let's be honest if you are eating here its because you just want something quick or casual. Nothing bad, just average. The waitress we had though was good. Quick, helpful, and did a fantastic job.
Decent food option in the Mandalay.  Southern style eats were OK, not fantastic, but OK.  Good coffee at breakfast!  And a pretty decent happy hour too.
You are better off going to T.G.I. Fridays for the food.  The price of the food for the quality is not worth. I ordered the Hand Stretched Grilled Flatbread, it took over a hour to get it after placing the order. The server was ok but he had four tables that placed orders as well. That took longer to serve. He never acknowledge that fact of the matter. 

If your are a tourist coming to Vegas, by all means check out the venue, bar, & gift shop. If your are dining in the restaurant prepare for a high bill, ok  food, & mediocre service.
We were pleasantly surprised! We went for some happy hour drinks/food to tide us over before the main meal later that evening and left content. I don't remember if they even had drink specials but I do remember a Corona... pretty good stuff! I recommend one (or 10). 

Took forever to get someone to our table, though. That, and some moron was at the table next to us YELLING at his cell phone for 15 minutes. Seriously? Entertaining for a minute, but straight up annoying when you realize it's not quite loud enough to eavesdrop on!

We got the seared-tuna tostadas and the basil/mozzarella flatbread. Both were pretty good. Don't expect much in the way of those tostadas though, as there are 3 that come per order and their "tostada" is actually a tortilla chip. Pretty tasty, but come on... I guess nobody would order it if they said it was "seared tuna on a tortilla chip". The flat bread was fairly big though, and better than expected.

Nothing fancy, but it hit the spot. Plus, the guy singing cover tunes was pretty good.
We went to the HOB for a Volbeat concert that absolutely rocked! The atmosphere, layout and decor was perfect. I really like the placement and size of the bars, the floor and the stage. My only serious complaints are the amount and strictness of security and the $$$. Beers were $13, that just ridiculous. Mixed drinks were tiny and no alcohol for $10. It was a rip off. Two drinks cost more than the tickets to the show. The security guards were everywhere a little too oppressive for a rather tame crowd. We had a great time so I'll give this place a 3 but I'm not in a hurry to go back.
I'm a big fan of House of Blues, more so because of the live music.  The food isn't anything special, satisfying nonetheless.  The service was also satisfactory. 
Fun ambiance though!
Went to see Raekwan, ghostface kills and Mob Deep.  The night was pop'n. I had such a great time I'm not even sure if I made it to their performance.  

The drinks were not the best tasting but was strong.  If you have a chance to eat before you get in I'd advise to do so.  The pizza was not that great even when I was a little buzzed.
On another solo work trip the House of Blues affords something to listen and look at while eating slightly above average Southern food. Lineup never fails to entertain and space at the bar is almost always available though sightlines to stage can be a challenge.
Went to see Steel   Got to the show just in time.  Large forum, easy to see where ever you stand.  We were able to walk right up to the stage during the show, even though the floor was a bit crowded.  Everyone was friendly and service was good.  We weren't here to eat so I didn't experience the food just the alcohol and show.
Nice location in Mandalay Bay. Good menu selections with high quality food. The happy hour prices are a wonderful value for very good items. We were very happy with the service as well and plan to return when we go back to Vegas.
I came here for the first time a couple of weeks back for the Blue October show. I'm a big fan! 

First off - this House of Blues is a little different. It's built into the Mandalay Bay casino, so it can be a little disconcerting. Even more odd - the House of Blues preserves the House of Blues theme - in the middle of the gaudy casino floor. So it looks a little off.

All that changes when you get inside. Inside it's your typical House of Blues. Restaurant out front and concert theater in the back. 

We were fortunate enough to be in the "secret" James Brown private room that overlooks the stage at the back. We had our own cocktail waitress who brought us drinks all night and we also sampled the menu. 

Of the food that we had I remember the Chipotle Chicken w/ Hominy - Delicious! I recommend ordering this highly. It was so good that you'll want to lick the plate - seriously! 

After the show we rode the elevator all the way to the very top of the casino to go to the afterparty in the Foundation Room. Bottle service was had - very prompt and attentive service indeed. The Foundation room is split into two parts - public and private. The public area has an outdoors area where you can actually go out and look at the strip.

My only complaint is that the middle aged white dudes in there couldn't dance worth a crap and made some very questionable decisions. Additionally, one of them thought it would be a good idea to "dance up" on a gogo dancer and got removed from the premises.

The show was fantastic, the service was fantastic, and the food was delicious. I recommend catching a show here!
Gospel Brunch in Sin City is so edifying! Growing up in the South, the excellent music and vocals from the Desert Angels (http://www.desertangels.com/) brought back soulful and sweet memories of my upbringing. I was impressed that other Las Vegas locals were also in attendance. Glad there are people open to praising the Good Lawd above while feasting on a Southern-style buffet at the House of God... I mean, House of Blues.
would not do again. Was sooooo disappointed in the food!!! I also expected a complementary mimosa or bloody Mary..but alas it was serve yourself at the bar OJ and tepid coffee. There was no table service..but they wanted you to tip...I don't get it.
I love this venue, but lately cosmo has more shows. So until they get indie bands to play here, I'll be at cosma. Plus cosmo has free concerts at book and stage.
This is evidence that key to happiness most of the time are low expectations.  As much as I was against someone choosing this for lunch, it actually turned out to be the best place we ate the whole 3 days in Vegas.  

So, do give it the right chance and enjoy both the food, service and atmosphere!  

Highlights - quesadilla's, flatbreads and ahi tuna anything.

Overall, a great experience!
We stopped in here on our last day for breakfast. 

All House of Blues locations are usually eclectic in decor and that's great. It was just so dark in there!

I knew I wanted french toast. But I saw other things on the menu that I wanted, so without blowing my budget, I had to come up with a plan. I got the 3 egg omelet with andouille sausage, onion and bacon. YUM. It was chock full of ingredients and they weren't just hidden between the folds of the eggs, they were bursting from the seams. It was so delicious and filling AND I had a side of french toast from the kids' menu! 

Our server was a bit scattered. He was nice, though. My cousin didn't like his response, though when she asked what they had to drink. Sometimes you just want to know if a restaurant has coke or pepsi products. He asked her what she'd like to drink and her question was "what do you have?" He pointed at the bar -- and that was his answer. Obviously there's a bar, but what else is there? Anyway, I had coffee-- and it was good, too.
If you want the House of Blues you enjoyed in 2010 or earlier, spare yourself the trip. The restaurant has a new chef who decided the menu should lose the new orleans flare for a more modern American fare (think high dollar Dennys). Totally unimaginative now.
Breakfast is my favorite meal here.  I love the waffles, but had the eggs and corned beef hash.  In spite of the fast food nature of the kitchen this place has great food.  I do really like this restaurant, but advise that breakfast has the most consistently good food here.  Lunch, and dinner can sometimes be an adventure.
The Crossroads at House of Blues is one of the better casual dining experiences on the Mandalay Property.  The overall experience rates as average to slightly better than average when compared to similar options in Vegas, but the good kind of average where you won't find yourself too disappointed by the experience...only wishing that it was a little better.  It's not "on" the Strip, but with fair prices and decent sized portions, it's not a bad place to grab a meal/snack and some drinks.

I have eaten at the House of Blues (Crossroads not the Foundation Room) twice, most recently in late 2010.  It's one of those places where the food is ok for the price and you don't have to worry about much going wrong - nothing excellent but nothing bad.  This is just my opinion, but as far as Resort on-property food options go, the House of Blues is a decent casual-affordable destination: not in the top tier but certainly not at the bottom.  I think the place is understaffed or lacks proper management, but if you can avoid going when the crowds are in, you will improve your experience exponentially.  

Items I have tried include: quesadilla, jambalaya, ribs, burger, kid's pizza, and assorted appetizers and sides.  Overall, the food is average: not great but not bad.  The burgers had nice toppings (could have been put together better) and good flavor.  The ribs were a bit interesting: I appreciated the Cajun attempt but some in my group didn't like it.  Aside from this minor or major taste distraction, the ribs were also a bit dry.  The jambalaya was bland and the pieces of meat ranged from good to rubbery.  The restaurant appears to suffer from a little lack of effort or quality control.  Despite these less than flattering comments, the basic menu items aren't bad and can easily be improved with a little BBQ sauce or hot sauce.  

Most people will visit because of the House of Blues "thing" but you'll also see your share of Mandalay guests who've never even heard of the franchise.  If you're coming with kids or seniors, I suggest you come during lunch or have an early dinner because it does get crowded during the weekends and during events.  I think it's too loud and dark for kids and most seniors, but the restaurant isn't exactly aiming for that demographic.  Both of my visits were during non-peak hours (less than 15 diners in the restaurant) and I found the service to be efficient.  Our server came by and got everything we needed, but it wasn't what you would call "friendly" service...YMMV.

 There are a lot of casual dining options, and despite not being perfect, the House of Blues does offer Mandalay guests a nice alternative to fine dining and fast food.  The experience ranges from "hip night spot" to "dead during the day" so plan your visit according to your expectations.  There are places with worse service and worse food, so for the category that it's competing in (casual resort property dining) - I think the House of Blues is ok as long as you stick with the basics like burgers and sandwiches.  It's a solid 3 stars when compared to others in the category, but can easily be improved upon with better management and improvements to the recipes/cooking.
Mandalay Bay is a beautiful hotel, but aside from that.  I have to say that the House Of Blues is a great place to hang out and see bands.  
I went to see Motorhead a couple years back and was blown away!   The venue was just the right size.  Not to big, not to small.  
Never dined here, just had drinks, but the experience was great!
I have seen tons of shows here, they have some cool deals for locals like half off drinks and waived ticket fees. It is in Mandalay Bay and they always have great bands coming through here. I have seen Rancid, Motorhead, Bad Religion, Bad Brains, and a few other shows there this year. 

Good times!
The staff members are all complete idiots. But it's the nicest venue in Las Vegas to see a band play live.
The food was ok, the service slow, and the prices outrageous.

The atmosphere is rock and blues, and it fits.  But $14 for a tiny hamburger and fries is too much.  The beers were cheaper because it was happy hour. 

They had some unknown musicians playing and they were not too bad.
This review is for the HOB as a concert venue only.  I've not eaten here, so I can't speak to the restaurant side of the house.  

My buddy and I were there for a Steel Panther show.  The Panther rocked it, of course, but this review is of the venue itself.  

This HOB location is pretty much like the other HOB locations I have been to for shows.  They do a good job.  It's not hard to find a comfortable spot to watch the show, and at least in this instance, the sound quality was very good.  I see about 30 shows a year at various venues, and I have no complaints about is one.  

Like other HOB locations, it's not hard to get a drink, as there are plenty of bars, and bar maids serving drinks on the floor.  Drink prices are typical for what one usually pays at a show.  24oz beers were $14.  However, shame on the bar tender for charging $5.00 for a tonic water served out of the gun.
I have only been to house of blues for concerts, not to eat here (no vegan options!).  

The venue is OK, I think it's decent for concerts, it's small, has a General admission and seating section.  Full Bar down stairs and decent bathrooms.  The staff has always been decent when I have been there.  

The drink prices are about as good as you would expect, especially for vegas.  Not sure what else people expect to find.  My suggestion is to hit up the bar across from HOB and get a huge freezy drink for $9 with an extra shot.  It will save you money (unless you want water).

I would come back here again, and I love Mandalay Bay too!
Made me sick...Literally.

So my husband and I were in Vegas for his birthday and just wanted to catch lunch. So we headed into HOB inside Mandalay Bay because we saw they had Happy Hour from like 2-6. 

About 30 minutes after I ate (I had the fried chicken and only ate 2 small pieces because of how drenched in oil it was) my stomach was in knots. I was sick for 2 days!!! Which basically ruined our trip. Never again!!
Came here for dinner on a Friday night before we saw Steel Panther in their venue space.  It's not a place that I would have chose, but this was a group situation.  We had a side room for our group of 12+ and the service was okay, not great.  Being in any side room, it's hard to flag down your waiter or waitress if you need something.  My main complaint is that I ordered the Yummy Chicken and it wasn't yummy.  :-(  It was really spicy and that wasn't in the menu description.  I probably should have ordered a burger or sandwich, but I wanted an entree for dinner.  i would have sent it back if I wasn't with a big group.  I just didn't want to make a big deal of it, so my man shared some of his food with me which was just okay.  I'm sad to see that it's Chef Aaron Sanchez running this restaurant because I like him on TV.

STEEL PANTHER:  Fun overall, but we didn't like the opening band that night at all.  The opener took way too long and I didn't know that Steel Panther's actual show would be so looooong.  Our group of friends at the show (maybe 10 of us?), only 4 of us made it to the end of the show.  I know, we're getting old (in our 30s)... but the show was kind of dragged out.  The venue was good, but the drinks were expensive.  I don't think I would want to see another show here.

Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
The food here is decent...maybe a bit mediocre. I like the variety on the menu but the execution was not quite as good. The ambience is nice, but of course you're sitting at the House of Blues! 

I tried the lobster mac n' cheese and it was good. The lobster was quite flavorless and could have been crab for all I knew, but the mac n' cheese was darn yummy and I could have eaten it all by myself. Except I also split it with my coworker along with a cajun jambalaya...which was quite disappointing. And a little dry and not spicy.

I would come back for a show, but never for food.
Been here about 100 times in the last 5 years. 
Service is usually pretty good. The prices are just outrageous, but if you expect that, you'll plan appropriately. The sound system is great and the lay out if cool. NO FIGHTING, and I am okay with that.
We sampled several items on the menu.  The pork sliders were great, the mushroom  burger was great --- and cooked to a perfect medium rare as ordered.  The fries were also quite good with a perfect crunch.  We did not really like the mashed potatoes because the potatoes tasted old.  The biggest disappointment was the buttermilk fried chicken.  Though it was fried to perfection and crispy, it had no flavor--completely devoid of flavor.  If celebrity chef Aaron Sanchez really did create their menu/recipes, he forgot to taste the one he provided for the fried chicken, as no salt was included in this recipe.  Unless the staff forgot it....
Nobody in my crew was impressed by this place, in fact one quote was "the salad was the best thing I ate"  I ordered the Jambalaya, and the list of other items included the pork ribs, lobster mac and cheese and french dip.  The 325 pound man who ordered the ribs disliked them so much he passed them around to the table and went to another restaurant for his meal after we were done, he also said the beans were the worst thing he has ever eaten in a restaurant, and he is by no means a complainer.  My jambalaya portion was frankly insulting for the 18.99 I paid for it and not that great.  I have never ordered Jambalaya and not had some to take home, but I literally could have finished the portion in 3 minutes had I been really hungry, and it was no where near as good most other Jambalayas I have eaten.  When the manager came over to ask how everything was, big mistake, the honesty flew, he then tried to say that the menu was created by world renown chef Aaron Sanchez like that was going to magically make my portion bigger and the food taste better, I've met Aaron and if that Jambalaya is really how it should have tasted then I flat out dont think hes that great of a chef, but I doubt thats the case.  in the end our server did take the ribs off the ticket and our server was awesome and so was the band that was on stage.  We should have come in for some drinks and music and gone elsewhere to eat.  I wont be going back for food unless its free.
WU-TANG!!!! Hell yes!! The place was smoky and gross and close and sweaty just like a venue should be! Plus you can slip it without tickets if you grease it nice and pretty, or, in my case, have your bodyguard do it. So close to the stage everyone could smell method man's blunt.
Try the flat bread! Basil tomato! Yum
stopped here by chance for breakfast- kinda wanted to avoid the buffets...

anyway- the breakfast food was actually very delicious ! the menu is a little small and a little questionable at first cause it looks like everything is al a  carte but it all comes with essentials like toast and whatnot.

i ordered the 3 egg omelette - you get a choice of 3 fillings - and it comes with toast of choice and AMAZING hash browns. i also got a coffee - for a total of $15 for my bill. not bad if you ask my cheap ass.

Our waitress Ashley was great and funny and always alert. Id come back for sure :)
We wandered in for lunch one afternoon and we pleased with the fast service and the tasty sandwiches served with a cute little variety of specialty sauces for your fries and/or your sandwich.  Fries served in a cup a little novel and it does prevent you from the sea of fries so many places serve.

The cool thing was they want to keep you coming back in so if you show your receipt you can get a two for one breakfast the next day.  Listen, this is one of the better deals around as we all know the slots machines don't have it.

At any rate, we did go back for breakfast, which was also tasty and then they told us that we would get 10 percent off in the gift shop with our receipt.  They are the king of deals at this place and it seems to be working for them as the place was packed in the morning with people who had eaten there yesterday.

Nice strategy, House of Blues.  I, of course, would like to come back sometime and see a show here.  

I'll try this place again.
Saw WuTang last month and Lauryn Hill last night.

My fave part of HOB is that it's small. 
Sucks to be downstairs like I was for Lauryn but, thankfully, it wasn't that crowded. Made it easier to walk in/thru.
Watching WuTang from the top was great. We had seats, there was no one taller than me, and it wasn't crowded.
This review is in reference to the venue and not the restaurant.

My wife and I recently attended the Anthrax show on January 22nd 2012.  The tickets were $29 50 each plus a $10.00 convenience from Ticketmaster for this general admission show.  

This was my first HOB show but I do know they have some seating and tables which we were hoping to arrive in time to get one since our old bones just can't withstand the brutality of the pit like we did in the old days.  Anyway, come to find out all of the surrounding tables were reserved only.  $200.00 for the table that included a bottle of Sky Vodka and only (4) metal heads per table.  Really...$200 table at a Anthrax show?  Ok, fine if you think that is worth it.  

Now here comes the main reason for my review.  The upper seating deck was available but closed off.  We were told that it would open soon when the floor got packed.  After the first act finished sure enough it opened up but there was a charge.  What???  $10.00 more per person to sit in the upper deck seating.  Come on HOB!  We already paid to be in the venue and hardly anybody went upstairs.  As if you weren't making enough money on the bar you had to stick it to me one more time.  My complaint is if your going to charge extra for seating then do it in the advertisement for the show.  I'll pay for it.  Don't call it general admission then charge extra to sit down in the venue.

In the end I guess I should be grateful I wasn't charged $5.00 for leaning on the wall.
This is a venue revue:

After seeing some shows in the new massive Joint at the Hard Rock - coming back to the cozy House of Blues was a refreshing change.  The venue is a really nice size in which to see bands - not too big.  The sound ranged from horrid - with the bass and kick drum so loud in the mix you literally feel like you're being given sonic CPR  - to great, all in a single evening.  We went for a rock and roll show, and although it took some time to get the guitars up in the mix where they belonged, once they did the sound was awesome - better in the back near the bar than on the floor I have to admit.

I'm docking one point for the OUTRAGEOUSLY high priced drinks!  $26.00 for a bourbon & coke and a Stella?!? EEESH!  Get your drink on somewhere else before the show if you must.
I had the Juicy Lucy and my wife and kid had the "build your own" (don't remember what they got on it) but did rave about it.  The ambiance was a little Pink Taco'ish but none the less very cool.  Maybe half the tables were full so they weren't that busy but our service sucked and we actually had to go to the bar to get refills on our waters and soda.  I sarcastically, on the second trip mentioned to the bar tender that it was nice of them to let the customers fend for themselves.  Will be back but sit at the bar since that's where you get the best service apparently.
One of the best reasons to attend  a concert at the HOB is for the intimate, up close and personal feel of the venue. The prices for shows are usually pretty reasonable. But once you get inside, plan on paying good money for drinks. The place can get jam packed during popular shows. We've noticed the sound quality of some shows can be sub par. And don't expect to get a seat to a show, unless your willing to pay for a table with bottle service. I really don't know why they don't open up the seats upstairs like the good old days for us lazy folk.
LOVE THIS VENUE!

This is a review for the venue not the restaurant.

This is one of my favorite concert venues in Las Vegas. I have seen too many shows to count starting from when I was in high school over 10 years ago. The thing I love about it here is you are able to see the stage from pretty much anywhere and most shows are general admission. It's a small venue which makes it easier to see bands up close. I used to get up in the crowd when I was younger. Ok, I'm not that old now but I enjoy hanging out near one of the side bars drinking a tall boy and watching my favorite bands at the same level. 

The beers are overpriced but really not that bad. They have a wide selection of tall boys and even offer a $5 dollar shot of anything when you purchase one of the tall boys. Mich Ult with shot of Jameson. Yes please! Recently they started serving snack like food in the venue which is nice if you plan on staying a while and drinking. I actually haven't tried any of it since I love going to the Burger Bar before or after shows. 

Whenever I hear that one of the many bands I enjoy is playing at HOB, I get really super excited. The only gripe is that the tickets are managed by Ticketmaster which charges ridiculous fees but that's just something we all have to deal with.
We recently got married here inside Mandalay Bay at the House of Blues (at the Crossroads Restaurant). It was a unique venue that allowed us to personalize our wedding and add extra details that made it unique and special to us and our guests. There is a stage on one end of the space and a bar on the other. We performed a few songs on the stage and our guests enjoyed the open bar, southern-style food and groovy atmosphere. The wedding coordinator for the HOB, Amber, was a dream to work with. She and she staff were very professional and they helped make our Big Day stress-free. Our guests said it was one of the most unforgettable weddings that they have ever been to and we have Amber and the HOB staff to thank for that.
Do not be fooled by "Happy  hour". I ordered the chicken strips for $6 and it consisted of 3 small, bland strips and a small portion of fries. I then ordered the quesadillas which were very shabby and flat...
Saw the M*F* Darkness here last month. INCREDIBLE SHOW.

The security was great, effective but not overbearing. I wish they would have opened up the second floor. Beers were priced well ($6 for a tall coors). 

I also noticed the house of blues attracts the local crowd. It was nice to get away from the plastic surgery creatures and drunken bachelorette parties.
Saw Social D here last year and it was the best show I've seen!! Great venue. Got crazy packed in there and the drinks are a little pricey but it's Vegas!! What do you expect? Standing towards the front was awesome!! Then, I realized I had to use the bathroom. Bad idea to drink that redbull and vodka so fast. So, my hubby and I pushed our way through the crowd only for me to wait in a line..boo! Bathroom was decent. Would love to come back to see a different show!!
04/14/2012

Went to the House of Blues to see Madness. The band was great but the venue was horrible.

For starters, nobody that works there seems to know much of anything. I had one guy tell me there were opening bands even though none had been announced previously. Nobody seemed to know exactly when Madness was going to start playing. 

Seating was sold as general admission floor seating, that's fine until you see people sitting in the balcony. What's up with that? Well, if you grease the wheels at $10 a person you too can sit up there. Normally not something I'd do but I seemed to have strained a muscle in my leg so sitting was a lot more enjoyable. It seems to me that if you can sneek upstairs if you tell the guy checking tickets that "Steve" sent you then perhaps you could get away without having to grease the wheels. I don't really have a problem with "Steve" and his buddies making some money on the side (at least that's what I'm assuming), but if that's the case then the problem lies with management not catching onto it. If it isn't a side money thing for them then management sucks for screwing people around.

Aside from that, I ordered 1 Guiness for myself and a margarita for my wife which came to a whopping $27. I don't even know how that's possible. The guiness was underpoured and the margarita wasn't very good. I can accept sporting arena pricing but this was even worse than that. I know it's Vegas but I still think it's unacceptable.

I did see Mark McGrath there and maybe he can afford rounds of drinks at those prices but I know I can't and I'm not even broke.

Sound was pretty good but possibly louder than it needed to be for that size of a venue. If you were at the bar left of stage you probably didn't see too much either. A recessed stage might work for a band consisting of 4 people but not for a bigger band as anyone on any side is going to not be able to see the whole thing and putting it on some tiny ass TV doesn't really make it any better.

Somehow the House of Blues in Las Vegas is a smoke free establishment. Whether that's good or bad is debatable but it certainly doesn't make much sense to me.

Here's my tip:

If you plan on drinking, drink your own before you get in and maybe buy one round to carry you through whatever you're there to watch. You can drink for cheap just sitting around and playing the penny slots or you can buy some at Walgreens and drink it right there on the strip since it doesn't matter.

Bottom line:

This joint is run poorly and everything is way overpriced. Not worth going unless it's something epic or a band that will never play where you live.

++++++++++++++
UPDATE:
++++++++++++++

I don't know what world  LeeAnn G lives in but I've never been served a 7oz beer anywhere. I don't believe my beer was 24oz and even if the cup was 24oz it certainly wasn't even close to taking up that much volume as noted by my underpour comment. Say what you want but your establishment still sucks.
Twitter? Waste of time, right? Not always. I saw a chance to win tickets to see Brit Alternative ( well alternative in 1979 ) band Squeeze. 

Did the RT and got a message from HOB, " you've won' . Cool. So Friday night and I'm freeloading at HOB in Mandalay Bay. What a cool venue, it's all standing, aside from a handful of VIP seats, and a great place to watch a real band.

There are a couple of bars and steps down to the floor, sound is great and you cannot fail to get a good view from anywhere. I ordered  a Heineken and a Chardonnay for wifee. The Heineken came in a can which was enormous , almost a keg and the wine came in a tiny plastic 'glass'. I was happy, wifee not so much! 

Anyway the band were awesome, Glenn Tilbrook is now sporting a beard that would not be out of place in ZZ Top and Chris and the other players were tight. 

Great place I will make more effort to see some shows there, the only downside was $21 for a beer and a splash of Chardonnay.
Absolutely loved the brunch experience I had here. We came here on Easter Sunday, and I am not religious type at all. There was a Gospel group that came in as the performance that afternoon. The total cost was about $40, which sounded expensive at first, but in the end it wasn't a bad deal at all for what I got.

The line itself was a bit of a long wait. Once we got in, the smell of pancakes and syrup filled the room. There was a nice waitress handing out mimosas to the guests, and then we basically just seated ourselves on the bottom level.

The room itself is wide, dark and has a traditional layout. It's a boxed style layout that is traditional with a balcony up stairs that surrounds the whole room. Then you have the main floor and then it drops below floor level. It's about medium sized that you'll get a good view anywhere.

Once we found our seats, we went hunting and gathering for food. There was a omelet line, which only produced 3 omelets at a time. It's about a 15-20 minute wait, but well worth it. The chef was very talkative and engaged with the patrons.

After that I picked up some HUGE perfectly cooked apple wood bacon. By the end of the performance, it was all gone. Also picked up freshly made mini waffles, and sausage.

I am fairly picky about my OJ that it can't be from concentrate. My friends made sure the waitress brought back fresh orange juice. I was very satisfied with it.

Service wise.. well they never came back to refill my drink. I'm assuming they stop service when the performance is on. There was a lady out there giving people new glasses of mimosas.

Performance of the gospel group? Absolutely amazing. High energy that got everyone off their feet, and participating with the audience was fun. Everyone was twirling around their cloth napkins in the air.
The House of Blues, has always been my most favorite place to watch a live concert. I've seen everyone from Incubus, Trapt, Finger 11, Seether, Modest Mouse, Erykah Badu, The Black Crowes, Crossfade, etc..  And has always been more affordable, because it really isn't a huge Venue.  and they have 3 bars attacking you from 3 sides.  Left, Right, And Behind!!  No! They don't have one on the stage. I think 3's enough!!  Other venues just charge too damned much.  Corporate Assholes!!!!  Yes Ticket Master, I mean Ticket Price Hoarders!!!!!  Hehehe!!
I was here for a corporate event with eBay/Paypal, and they had rented the whole place out. There was a Journey tribute band call "DSB" (Don't Stop Believing) who were very good. 

The foods they served (buffet style) was awesome. It was somewhat standard... chicken fingers, pasta, shrimp. There was an open bar, and the drinks were all top shelf. 

I had been here before a few times for dinner, and it was very good. The dishes are always large, and the prices (for a resort hotel) are pretty reasonable for what your get. And there is almost always a band... so live entertainment is always a good thing.
About 13 months ago I was excited to go across the country for my second Maryland Deathfest in Baltimore, MD. The line up was already stacked and it seemed like it could not get any better with bands like Impaled Nazarene, Inquisition, Doom, Cathedral, Cianide, Repugnant, and Goatsnake. I have to admit Goatsnake was a huge reason I decide to go again. Due to some issues they were unable to make the fest and I was bummed. Then the fest organizers announced that they would have a replacement band within a couple days. To every ones amazement they added Ghost. 

This made perfect sense seeing that the Death/Thrash Metal band Repugnant was preforming as well. A little side note, Ghost is Repugnant. If you doubt this, check out the Swedish Indie Rock band Subvision, also the same vocalist. With Repugnant playing during Sunday afternoon, it was only right for Ghost to close out MDF 9. They took the stage early Monday morning right after midnight absolutely killed it. 

Fast forward 13 months they added a Las Vegas date to their second U.S. tour since May last year. 

Traffic on the way to Mandalay Bay was crazy. After downing a few beers and some green in the parking garage we literally got their just in time for the show which started at 6:30 PM. The place was already packed and 24oz cans of beer were $12. Ghost's performance was amazing. They definitely put on a show with the whole band dressed in black cloaks and good ole Papa Emeritus in his satanic pope outfit. The set was only about 35 mins but they covered most songs from their debut album. It was pretty clear that everyone come out for the Ghost. The other two bands didn't receive the same reaction from the audience and were quite boring in my opinion. 

I hope they return with a headlining tour because 35 mins was just not enough. In Maryland they played everything to their name including a chilling cover of the Beatles's Here Comes the Sun. 

Oh yeah, the sound was on point, good job HoB.
AWESOME feel to the place. Came for breakfast. Creamer in the coffee was bad but the staff happily fixed it. Eggs were cooked perfectly and the children's portion of pancakes could feed an orphanage. Bloody Mary was decent and the music of course rocked.
Quite possibly the only place I see bigger bands that i like because they don't typical play anywhere else!...but its still an awesome place and i been coming for years.
They have $15 beer that i will not be buying,lol but upstairs is a few nice places with great happy hours, so pre-booze.
One of these days ill have the pleasure of sitting in the upper deck for a classy show-until then, I'll hang in the front line on the gate for my fav bands!!!
House of Blues is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  Excellent food and service and watching Rock Star Karaoke during dinner was fun.  The manager stopped by our table a few times to make sure all was good.  In all, very attentive service.  I ordered the sirloin and to my surprise, it came out cooked exactly how I wanted it!  The food was very tasty and served hot (always a plus).  The bar is well run and the bartenders know how to mix a drink correctly.  If you are in Las Vegas and are a bourbon lover like me, House of Blues stocks my favorite spirit...Woodford Reserve (Official bourbon of the Kentucky Derby).  I highly recommend it.  Most establishments do not stock this top shelf bourbon.  Had a great experience here (again) and it is always a regular stop when I am in town.
Love this place because all of my favorite bands play here. This venue is nostalgic to me. I've met musicians here, seen shows, and even taken a tour here. The bathrooms are the best! I know, how random. They always have this lady there that hands you paper towels and she has tons of lotions and perfumes to use (as long as you tip her, which I don't mind). The artwork gives this place the right feel. I'm always reminded of good memories and creating new ones.
I like this place. 

Here's why:
*their attentive
*it's moderately priced
*they have a lot of options on the menu--salads, meals, fish, pizza, etc
*from time to time they have live entertainment
*they have a Gospel Brunch on Sundays
*Shrimp 'n grits are really good [sauce on the side]
*it's good for groups
*it's super casual
*Steak salad is on the spicy side so I'd advise you to get the jalapenos on the side
*it's quick
Had a beautiful Cobb salad at a lively dinner with friends. Service was very good. Once music started it was hard to talk but that may be ok. Music was great!
Skip this restaurant.   It will give you the blues!   Went to HOB for dinner as I was craving their new Citrus Steak Salad - which I've had twice before.  It usually on point, delicious and unforgettable.  However I was very very disappointed tonight.  The salad did not have the same flavor as it used to - it was missing the hint of ginger and heat of jalapenos.  It tasted like a plain old forgettable chopped salad with a tasteless vinegarette dressing.  I mentioned it to the waiter - who didn't really seem to care - but offered to have them redo it and add some seasoning to it - I told him what flavors were missing....He brought it out after they remade it - it tasted the same....bland.....A manager came over and I told him that  I came specifically for this salad as I've had it twice before....and he explained that they took out the ginger and jalapenos because customers were complaining.....totally did not make sense to me as it is on the menu (which was created by chef Aaron Sanchez) He offered to bring me some chopped ginger ...and he thought they may still have some jalapenos in the back - and expected me to fix it myself......I said no thank you....He said they probably had a different chef this time.   Well...my thoughts were that that chef should follow the damn recipe that was created!!!!  Service was disappointing  - they just didn't really seem to care.  Once I complained....they stopped bringing refills.  They had a live band on stage - music was way too loud in the restaurant - not the place to go if you want to have any sort of conversation.  There is also a 10% entertainment tax that is now charged in many Las Vegas venues - so be aware!!  I will NOT be going back  - Thank you to the 2 employees of HOB for ruining my previous high praises.
It has been 10 years since I attend HOB Gospel Brunch and I took my friend who had never attended and we were both blown away. Now there are some glitches but first the outstanding points:

1. The food - it is yummy Southern home cooking - from the waffles to the made-to-order omelet station to prime rib to huge already peeled shrimp. The coffee is good as well as the mimosas.  The bread pudding was to die for - and there were plenty of salads, sides and I really loved the Mac and Cheese.

2. The music - it is unbelievable - the energy, the love, the power. It inspires me and I didn't want it to end. The show is interactive and you just want to get up and dance.

3. The atmosphere - you can carry on a conversation and still enjoy the music. You do sit family style and meet some very nice people. Com'n it is like going to church - you really don't need your own table.

Now the glitches:
1. Seating - originally I was seated at a table designed for 2 which had 2 additional chairs added to make it seating for 4. Once the drinks were brought, I knew I would be eating off my lap. I did look around and saw some empty seating (this was 1:30 so everyone had been admitted) and they did move me. However, seating for 2 is seating for 2 - at $40 a person, who wants to eat holding their plate or off their lap.

2.Service - now this is not the servers' fault - everyone was moving - more help is needed. I had to have my friend go to the bar to get our refills and the plates stacked up at our table of 8. Again, I am not faulting the staff - HOB - you need to add a few more - even part-time.

3. The Wait - be prepared to wait with long lines. I loved the waffles but it was truly the longest wait I ever had for waffles. 

I would still go back - I did give it 4 stars - but be prepared for long lines and see about sitting on the main floor instead of the second level.
What can I say? The House of Blues Gospel Brunch is a great family oriented wonderful experience to be had by all!!  If you are a fan of HOB's famous Mac N' Cheese get it here! If you are craving a home cooked made to order omelet with fresh ingredients get it here!!! Plump juicy link sausages, savory bacon, southern biscuits with sausage gravy!! YUMMM!! 

If you are interested in having lunch...juicy tender prime rib, spicy flavorful Chicken Jambalaya and one of the BEST Caesar's salads I have had in Vegas! The salad was crisp and the cheese was plentiful! Not like some of the limp soggy salads I have had in the past. 

Now on to the show... energetic, uplifting and entertaining! The female singer could sing her way onto any singing competition and blow them all away! The band The Gastons (I believe that is correct) had some smooth dance moves! Very fun and leaves you feeling with a light heart.

The only reason they did not rate five stars is because on Mother's Day the wait staff seemed a little overwhelmed and we did not get a coffee pitcher refill and the mimosa's were very slow in coming. Other than that a great overall experience!!
This is a review of the concert venue.  Not of the restaurant.

I have seen some amazing concerts here.  I have won tickets to the shows.  I have purchased tickets.  Most times the ticket prices are good.  It is crowded.  They pack a lot of people into this small space.  So it gets kind of stuffy.  It is too loud sometimes too.  I know I am making myself older than I really am.  But a venue inside that is so small does not really need to have to sound turned up to 11.  It gets to a point where you can't really even hear the music clearly.  And though it is supposed to be a non-smoking venue, there is a lot of smoking that goes on.  At least at some of the shows I've been to.  I am not speaking of tobacco smoke either.  The pot smoke has been so heavy that I had to leave a couple of shows early.  I don't like to feel trapped with that kind of smoke.  It is a comfort thing.  So while I like this venue for the most part, it is not my favorite.
Watched Dita Von Tease at House of Blues. May 17th 2012 : The show started 20 minutes late, since it is standing room only tickets at $45-55 a pop and we had to arrive at least 30 minutes early so it is not very pleasant. A total of 50 minutes standing time and some audiences were sitting on the dirty floor... Once the show started it was disappointing and not worth the wait at all. What a waste of life and time this was! I didn't know a fat woman twirling nipple tassels is entertainment!? The MC told us the more we drank the better the show becomes and prettier the women too. I understand HOB started the show late so they can sell more drinks, but it is not fair to the audiences. Only thing nice about that place is the chandelier, I had the chance to stare at it for 50 minutes.
Happy hour from 2-6 every day! Hello! They don't have anything on Draft, but the drink selection is not all that bad. I mean $3 bottles and $5 drinks. Not to shabby. Plus the food ranges from $3-6 during happy hour ( I believe) so it is not all bad. The jalapeno cornbread is yummy and served to you in a small cast iron skillet. The steak quesadillas were filled to capacity with yummy steak and cheese. I do think my favorite was the bbq pork sliders. Yummy and nicely priced. ( Plus cannot believe I had not written a review about them until now SMH!)
Went to House Blues twice in 2 days. The service is pretty bad.  Dinner on 6/7 we were a party of 12. They acted like they were doing us a favor! Service was terrible! We waited 1 hour for dinner. When I inquired about our food, I was rudely told about the number of people was difficult to accommodate. Give me a break. Any professional restaurant and staff will easily handle double the size of our small party. They had the nerve to add the tip, however referred to it as a service charge. music was unbearably loud. 

We returned next morning with bounce back coupons. Manager was a jackass. The servers and hostesses told us he was a control freak, and would not accept more than one coupon per table, never mind we spent $370.00 the night before. We split up our party so we can buy one get one free. Our server took both coupons at our table. He got a big tip!

I spend a lot of time in Vegas, at Mandalay Bay where this Restaurant is located . I won't be going back. 

I do not recommend this Restaraunt
5 Stars for Shotguns N Gasoline!
Throughout the years my friends and I have been coming to the House of Blues for concerts. A few of us recently came here last Friday for the Scissor Sisters show. We came in late and the only spots left were near the side bar. With the large pillar cutting off our direct view, I was bummed. If the artist is energetic and works the stage well, it is no problem. Luckily, SS did just that. Jake Shears and Anna Matronic moved strutted their stuff all over the place. As the show continued, people moved off and we got a better view. HoB does have TV screens to alleviate the obstructed view, but it doesn't help because they recorded it from a far distance. 

A major complaint I have about most concert venues is the parking situation. While other places tend to be a free for all after a show and locks down the ramps, it was not difficult to get out of the Mandalay Bay. I was amazed since there were two concerts going on that night.
This review is for the Restaurant not the Venue. CAN YOU SAY RIP OFF!  No where on the menu or stated by our server that they automatically ding you for Gratuity and Entertainment tax.  Our bill was $156 and by the time they added on there extras our bill was $209.  Now wait a minute we had a table of 3 not 8 and the band playing was a local blues band not a big production name.  When I asked our waiter why we had to pay an extra $53 dollars he said I don't know but we have to give tip money to the bar and cook.  THE BAR DID A CRAPPY JOB OF MAKING ANY DRINK!  Charged me $11 for a vodka fruit punch that was water down and taste like grapfruit...which I did not ask for.  The one star was for the waiter who was on our table like an ant to food.  He was attentive and friendly.  Needless to say we gave our waiter a little extra but not much since we were forced to pay gratuity in our bill.

My hubby and I are so angry that we will never return to the HOB for food or drinks; next time we eat and drink up before we go and order waters.
Food and service were really good. I had the bbq bacon burger. Best burger I've had out in a while. I'd give 5 stars but I think it was a bit pricey. $14 for the cheapest burger seems a bit much to me.
I going to squeeze 2 experience into 1 review for the House of Blues. I was on a business trip and staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel and the very first night I was there, the head of my region decided to treat everyone to a meal at the House of Blues. The waitresses and waiters successfully and quickly handled our entire group in a coordinated effort and made sure our glasses were always full and that all of the food was hot when it arrived at our table. No small feat considering we were a group of over 30.

I wasn't feeling too adventurous so i just ordered a burger, but the burger was cooked very well and the options of what you could add to the burgers were very extensive. My entire group was happy with the food, but if the waitresses says the dish is on the small side, please take her on her word. The Cobb salad was humungous and I will give a second-hand review of "delicious".

I had such a good experience the first night that when another, smaller group of co-workers asked me if I wanted to go, I immediately said yes. I went with a group of 4 and got their House of Blue salad and a side order of Sweet potatoes fries (because I just couldn't say no). I was just as pleased the second time around with the food and the service. The best part of the second night was the fact that they had several TV's and it was easy to see game 4 of the NBA Finals. Unfortunately the Miami Heat still won.
VEGETARIAN REVIEW: 

Happy to find a somewhat affordable place in Mandalay Bay.  We really didn't want to spend $30+pp on a gut busting meal after a long day of travel and being a little before 10pm and wanting a decent veggie option it was tough to find something that fit the bill.

The breakdown:
*Ambiance: cool decor, good music: 4 stars
*Staff: pleasant, helpful: 4 stars
*Food: 
  ---Fiancé got Fried Chicken with potatoes and veggies, said it was flavorful/tender but greasy $17.99: 3 stars,       ---I'm a vegetarian so I got the child's mac and cheese plus a side of veggies, that mac was yummy! $6.99+$3.99 (not bad for a Mandalay restaurant and just the right amount): 4 stars

All in all, we were happy to have found it and if we find ourselves in a similar predicament again we may go- otherwise we'll hop across the strip to the In-n-Out.
I hate that I let my friends convince me to eat at this place on the Strip.  Spent approx. $60 for 2 dinners and 2 beers.  The quality was just mediocre too.  Grrr...never again!
We came here recently for Social Media Day with a show put on by Steel Panther, and having attended other concerts before, I think its a cool place to go for a concert, but I prefer grabbing a table and enjoy a show while seated.

Being on the floor is cool, but standing room only? No thanks....plus the claustrophobic situation that follows?...Pass...Do yourself a favor and pay a little more for your own spacious seating area...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(315/365) "Sit Or Stand???"
I give the bar/happy hour a 4. The bartenders are super friendly, dranks are cheap ($3 beers) and the food menu is good. The margherita pizza is delicious. Next door, they have a little club. It wasn't very busy that night (I highly doubt it's a happening place), but it's a great place to go if all you want to do is get your dance on.

The restaurant on the other hand is a hot ass mess. 1 star. Me and the fam went for lunch and we were pretty excited because the menu was created by Aaron Sanchez (foodnetwork chef). My mom ordered the fish of the day, my dad got the rib eye, cousin got te lobster Mac and cheese, bf got the Jamaican burger and I got the juicy lucy burger. First off, we waited forever for the food.. But I'll let that slide because there were 5 of us. Second, the food finally came out and my cousins lobster Mac and cheese was sans lobster. And lastly, my mom found a piece of plastic wrapper in her veggies. We called the manager over and told him about the lobster and the plastic. All he said was that  the kitchen was learning a new menu and that he'd send some new veggies and take care of it. Then the waiter gave us the wrong check and my mom never got her side of veggies. But at the end of the day, we got 50% off our bill. 

The rib eye was super tender and yummy. The juicy Lucy burger was tasty and a fattie and the bf love his burger. The fish of the day was swordfish, but it was a tiny ass serving, the size of a toddler's palm. The lobster Mac and cheese is also yummy, but make sure they don't forget the lobster. 

All in all, I definitely won't be returning to the crossroads restaurant. The food is ok/good but the service is THE WORST. The part that bothers me the most is that no one was apologetic about anything. But I'll probably go to the bar for a cheap beer.
Oh god (sorry, I'm athiest), make it stop. 

I'm not sure who is going to this, but they must all be religious. That's the only reason I can see for all these great reviews of this place. YIKES.

The food was, like most have said, just okay. It wasn't anywhere near special and the price was over the top to have a sad buffet. The food was just warm. It wasn't hot, the bacon wasn't crispy, the mac 'n cheese lacked any sort of distinct flavor, the drinks were watered down. I'm so disappointed.

BUT, I could have dealt with that, I went really for the music. I was raised in a Southern Baptist household (the forced religion thing led me to stop believing in anything, hence atheist) so the music, while yes, religious, is something that I have deeply fond memories of. The jubilation, the reverence, it all moves me. Or did, until I got here. 

What the heck? The songs weren't traditionally gospel. They were made up, I think. The woman singing talked more than she sang, and when she did sing her voice was scratchy and lacked something. The only song I recognized was Amazing Grace and that lasted far longer than it should have. I just wasn't impressed and I think my background in gospel singing is well established. I was hoping for something less showy, more reverent and got this really whacked out stage show that didn't have much to do with any gospel I've ever heard and it was just sad. I went hoping to be moved and instead left early. And, they seemed like they wanted to convert people. I understand that it's a 'gospel' show, but I came to hear singing, not preaching. It was almost offensive, I expected them to start passing the plate at any time. Did I mention I was SO disappointed? I was so disappointed.

There are a lot better places to spend your money on music than here. This seemed like a put on circus act. I was so disappointed. AND, it was expensive! Boo!
I have been to many concerts and events in my life and this was one of the worst organized ever. 

I decided to treat my daughter to a Demi Lovato concert and paid for really nice seats at Planet Hollywood. I was very unhappy when they rescheduled the venue last minute to HOB, but this part was not their fault. We found that our $100 seats were all now general admission.  Fine, so we sold the tickets and bought the GA. But were not told by HOB that there were a few "classes" of standing room. That was my first sign of trouble, and when I should have just bailed.

We got there, got in line hours before, an hour before opening, they started checking tickets and filed us into a large open area (like a "cattle pen") without any clear instruction as to where to stand.  It then became clear there was no regard for how long we were waiting in line, ie., new comers were squeezing into the crowd all over.  Many arguments again occurred and security then tried to then form new people in some semblence of order or arrival.  Didnt happen.  Then, to my amazement, security guards tried to push and shove their way through the mass of people to check tickets all over again. Amazing.... what did they do the first time around?  I guess the first time they were giving wrist bands and then were scanning the tickets in two steps.  Absoluely brilliant.

Then after a maddening and frustrated 90 mins waiting like cattle, it was time to go in, and they opened the tape and a near riot broke out with people pushing and shoving as hard as they could to get in, and I could see someone fall in the front, so they stopped and tried to tell us to slow down.   yeah, right, slow down, how could you, hundreds of people, many angry because last minute arrivers were cuttting into the mass of people.  It was a mess. 

The theatre is organized into a "pit" with tapes separating the "classes" of ticket, then there is the bar area, and the balcony. All, first come.  Once the main act opened people were just pushing through within the tapes and through, the strongest and boldest seem to win the better places to stand. 

It amazes me that HOB does not read these reviews. I've read exactly the same reviews over and over again. This place appears to be run by the worse crew of amateurs I've ever encountered. For the life of me, I cannot understand how injuries or fights have not occurred spurring need for organization just for liability sake. There were so many opportunities to make this a great, organized event. I really want to come to see Santana in Sept, but I will certainly look elsewhere.

mh
This review is for HOB as a concert venue only.  

Returned here with a buddy for another Steel Panther show.  

This a good venue for concerts.  The sound quality is great.  The sight lines are good, and it's easy to get a drink here.  The bars are easily accessible, and servers work the floor in front of the stage before the show.   24oz beers are $14.00, which isn't bad at all and pretty typical of what you will pay at many venues (not just Vegas).  

Panther was totally bitchen, as usual.
I was a bit disappointed by the presentation especially with it resting in the Mandalay Bay. To me it looked just like Friday's and I've never been to a house of Blues before but I'm sure it's not supposed to make you feel like you're eating at TGI Friday's. They have the strangest decor I've ever seen; painted crosses covered with bottle caps and paintings of disfigured people on the walls.

They had s decent happy hour going, $5 well drinks and $3 beers. We ordered 3 appetizers that came with the happy hour deal, nachos and cheese, hot wings and chicken tenders while we sat ate the bar drinking our beers. I grabbed me a Blue Moon to go and stuffed it in my purse.
Ate breakfast here on our way out of town. Chose it out of convenience at we were staying at THE Hotel. Was told wait was 15 minutes or immediate seating at the "high bar tables only". We opted for the bar, but at least half the restaurant was empty and the regular tables in the same section were completely empty (the high tables are very uncomfortable for me to sit at because of back problems and also for the husband who is very tall).

The server was very prompt and friendly and brought coffee right away. However, we did wait about 25 minutes for our food.

The food was tasty, but my omelet had a wrong ingredient in it and I was brought toast with no jelly or butter. My husband said the corned beef hash was better at Red, White and Blue (also in MB hotel), and his poached eggs were not really poached at all (not runny but solid).

We were on a time crunch so we didn't have my order corrected and I borrowed jelly from the table next to me.

For Vegas, the prices are pretty reasonable. I will probably try another place next time.
My taste for music is as moody as I can be sometimes and last week I was feeling hard rock. Luckily, I found out that one of my favorite bands, Volbeat, was performing that night along side Hellyea, at the House of Blues. My husband bought the tickets and we headed over on a Thursday evening.

The venue is not huge but I didn't feel like it was too crowded, just what you can expect from a rock concert. We had seats on the balcony and it was actually very nice to watch the band and the crazy pit from up there - made me be thankful for my upstairs seats. There was one bar upstairs, which also wasn't overly crowded and very easy to access. Security staff was very friendly and helped us find our seats.
We came here for drinks. I ordered a Bloody Mary and my friend ordered Grey Goose and tonic. Drinks were STRONG. I really liked the interior and our bar tender was super friendly. Drinks were not expensive. I would come back and check out the food.
This has being a great venue to watch concerts- I have been here many times and I always had a ball
I had been here once or twice before.  On those trips I didn't have a negative experience, but it wasn't a good one either.

The first thing you should know about my most recent trip (and what will be my last) is that someone got stabbed in the crowd.  This is the fault of the venue.  Security is a joke.  When entering I watched multiple go inside after the metal detector wand had beeped.  The overcrowding in the General Admission area certainly didn't help the matter.

Due to the stabbing, security (and later police) roped off an area of about 15 square feet due to it being a crime scene.  This of course didn't help any of the crowding concerns.  The blood puddle was left untouched which is important for the crime scene, and we should be able to continue the show right?  Nope, after 2 or 3 more songs the concert was ended early.

The ticket prices are ridiculous at this venue ($60 after fees for general admission).  It's even worse knowing that the concert still had at least 30 more minutes.  Not only did I feel unsafe because of this venue, but they also essentially stole $20-$30 from me.

EDIT: One employee has contacted me through yelp regarding this review and apologized for my bad experience.  I appreciate it.  I have also sent some letters to some managers and directors as well.  I will try to update further if anything happens.  All that said, the review will remain at 1 star as that was my experience of the venue.  It would take a lot to get me to return and re-evaluate my rating.  I would not re-evaluate without actually returning.

EDIT2: House of Blues has responded to my letter and has sent me a gift card to compensate for my bad experience.  I'm very happy that they responded to my complaints.  Hopefully soon I'll have an updated review and a much better experience to share.
How do you mess up a grilled cheese? I don't know but this place did. It smelled like fish! The fries were mediocre, but at least they smelled like fries. Plan to go elsewhere to eat after you see a show here.
Food was just ok, was with 3 other people.  On the burgers; buns not fresh, need more flavor.  Fries were blah, although friends said the sweet potato fries were good.  Service was mediocre, and the place was dirty, and this was a regular Thursday night, so it not slammed with people at all.
Not too long ago I had my first experience at this particular House of Blues, and it was definitely a great one! I went on a Tuesday night which happens to be when their  "Swingin Tuesdays" occurs. If you are a fan of swing, you should check it out! There are many talented swing dancers that turn up, and the live band is pretty good too!

On to the food! I decided to order their Lobster Mac & Cheese. If you are looking for pure ooey-gooey cheesy lobster BLISS, order this! The mac and cheese comes served hot and topped with crunchy panko breadcrumbs. If you have never tried panko breadcrumbs before, you are missing out. The light, crunchy texture provides a perfect coating for any dish. The cheese was very creamy and tasted great with the large, plentiful pieces of lobster they provided in the meal. If you can't tell by now, I was very satisfied. 

For dessert, I ordered the triple chocolate cheesecake. In case you didn't read it right the first time, let me say it again.. TRIPLE. CHOCOLATE. CHEESECAKE. Anything with triple the amount of chocolate is amazing in my book. The cheesecake is served with raspberries and other seasonal berries to compliment the chocolatey goodness. The whipped cream was the added cherry on top to this perfect dessert. Definitely 10/10, would eat again.
So, apparently being ecstatic about Steel Panther isn't enough of a review for this place - so I have to actually rewrite it. 

Steel Panther. That's all i have to say. What a great show. I've been here twice to see them, and both times the House of Blues was a great experience. The lines were quick to enter (this last time I went) and the first time during the VIP host, both the front host and our cocktail waitress were pleasant to work with. Great setup and started on time both times. It was a blast and enjoyed my visit here both times.

Thank you Steel Panther. We will see each other again soon! THank you HOB for a great setup!
GROSS! Absolutely DISGUSTING!

I ordered a half-rack of ribs to-go because I was exhausted after a long day and thought it was an order hard to screw-up. I'm literally throwing up just thinking about this food. 

The ribs were covered in what can only be described as scum. Have you ever boiled meat and skimmed the surface of the water to get rid of the sh*t floating on top? Well that's what these ribs were covered in. I wiped them down over and over again with a napkin. REVOLTING. There was hardly any meat on the bones (a blessing?) and the taste is hard to describe, but I'll try. It tasted like the smell of an old dog that's been left in the rain for a week. I think because they were extremely old as well as poorly prepared.

The silver skin was still attached which just made a disgusting experience a million times worse. 

The beans were mealy and completely tasteless. Again, this might be a blessing when compared with the overwhelmingly, violently disgusting, wet dog-tasting, old-ass smelling ribs. Who f*cks up cole slaw, you ask? It's just cabbage and mayo, right? Well House of Blues manages to infuse some weird, metallic after-taste to this simple staple. WHAT A MESS!

This is a restaurant that is EXTREMELY unconcerned with food quality. CRIMINALLY BAD!
I hit up happy hour here one afternoon. It starts at like 2:00pm. Yes, you read correctly, 2pm. Get your half price chicken tenders and cold wine starting at 2pm. It was a deal I returned for twice, I think. I started taking those babies out to the pool with me. The lighting is moody and low. The decor is all house of blues. I mean sort of if you've seen one, you've seen 'em all. But I think there are subtle nuances from place to place. They're not exactly all the same. As it was happy hour (ahem, did I already say 2pm?) and I had to sneak my chicken tenders out to the pool, I did not stay for a show. But one of these ol' days, I will. I certainly will. 5/9/12
I waited about 9 months to attend the Carlos Santana show last Saturday night
at HOB Vegas.
I attended the greatest "show I have ever seen in a bar".
Music was great and the HOB staff that I saw really did an incredible job
taking care of all the guests.
Our bartender "Victor"? I think his name?..great guy, polite, fast, you got a positive vibe when the staff seems to enjoy their work.
I look forward to attending other shows there..

I will be back! Thanks HOB Vegas!
Good god - it's not that we sat down for brunch with HIGH expectations... But the huge servings of terrible food didn't make up for the fact that it was still terrible food.  Service was terrible to boot.
Saw a show at the house of blues tonight. Awesome venue... Sound was great. Staff was friendly . I would go back anytime.
Ain't no concert like a House a Blues concert! Please remember to toast your happiness there at the BAR! peace
Saw Metric here last night and I was really impressed.  The acoustics are fantastic and every seat has a good view.  It's a small and intimate venue--smaller than even the Pearl.   I wish that more bands would play here instead of the crappy Boulevard Pool (I seriously hate that place as a venue).

Also, they have a decent selection of ENORMOUS canned beers.  OMG, I am so hungover....
This review is for the concert venue (I have never had any experience with the gift shop/restaurant*). 

I have been to over ONE HUNDRED shows here, the first being Blue October in 2006 (hey, there was nothing else on a weekday night) and the last being one of the thirty Steel Panther sets I have seen here. Seems masochistic if I really believe this venue is two stars right? Well, one does not have a choice if a show is booked here or at another better venue.  

This venue seems to be a magnet for douches. I cannot put it any other way. It's probably the location, because it is not particularly the shows; sets of Steel Panther at Ovation @ Green Valley Ranch go on without a hitch. A Joe Rogan/Deathsquad set goes on without a hitch at the now defunct Playboy Comedy Club at Palms, but here at House of Blues .... ahem ... crowd is comprised of 40% deebags. It could be argued that it is not the venue's fault, but perhaps it is. 

I have never been hit with a cup full of beer at The Pearl; seems to be something that would only happen at HOB because of several factors:
- security is not respected; 
- security -- generally speaking, is not competent, hence why they are not respected; and
- bartenders, some of them at least, are inherently rude pricks therefore agitating the poor cheap beer consumer and filling them with unpleasantness (and cheap nasty libation) which later would inspire them to throw a half-filled cup of the shit towards an innocent group of concert-goers due to the clear lowering of standards of decent etiquette. 

Ten or more times I have walked up to the bar and asked for a cup of ice water. Ten or more times I have scored the HOB employee lottery and gotten a cool bartender that realizes it is exactly fifteen or so seconds of their time. They give me the cup and I give them a couple of Washingtons as compensation. 

Why is it that the one time there is a EDM festival outside (at the beach or the arena or who knows [I did not attend], and the aftershow is in the HOB, a deebag bartender, who years earlier as a regular concert-goer probably was the perpetrator of a thrown beer or two at the same venue, announces to my girlfriend that he would not give her water that was from the Las Vegas Valley Water District. Uh, okay. 

Truly nonsensical, especially considering they use that SAME water for drinks, but perhaps they were mandated with selling more over*priced bottles of water by supervisors/management because they were expecting a bunch of thirsty, candykids to be in there that night. Cool; eight dollars or whatever the hell it is for a bottle of Dasani water, which is just tap water from another city, and no tip for the dude behind the bar.

Those other reviews pointing to the gross oversell of the GENERAL ADMISSION/FLOOR areas of HOB-Vegas have it pretty dead on. I have been to, I don't know, ten-twelve different HOB venues and none oversells the GA sections of their concert halls like this HOB does. None have such an impressively poor climate control system either where it seems like it is 120 degrees F during some sets (Common during NBA All-Star Weekend comes to mind).    

This venue will never be a Pearl, or a Book & Stage, but it could be as decently solid as HOBs in other states (Dallas, TX comes to mind, or even Chicago, IL [which is by no means perfect]). There are significant problems that are organic to this particular HOB venue and it is quite sad because a lot of decent shows are booked here. You've been warned. - E

*except one time when they were supposed to be the distributor for the LV Weekly advanced screening passes, and they were giving out passes at 11AM, we walked in at 11:01AM, and were informed they were "sold out" of passes. Bullshit, and indicative of how this place sometimes operates as a whole. They have some really cool employees, and yet at the same time unfortunately some of the most soured, rude, and outright criminaloids working there as well.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CONCERT VENUE ONLY.

So far I have been to HOB twice this year. One was for Hoobastank and the other was for RZA, Wu Tang Clan founder.

First, let me get the negatives out of the way. That way you can end reading this on a more positve note.

NEGATIVES:

Security says you cant smoke and that you have to go back outside to do so. This is FALSE. The two times I was there people were smoking weed and regular cigarettes. Not once did I see ANY security or usher walking around telling people to put out their smokes. I for one don't smoke but I am not about to be a killjoy by ratting them out. I assumed even if I did, they probably wouldnt do a damn thing about it. 

The main floor that's right in front of the stage can get a little messy. What I mean by that is you got people drinking and spilling their beer not just on the floor, but also on other people as well. You will also see pretty much the same people that drink just throw their garbage on to the floor. Talk about litter bugs! Again I for one dont drink but if I did, I would hang out by the bar area to enjoy my suds until I was done. Then I would make my way to the main floor. There should be a rule that you cant drink on the main floor. 

The climate to this place fluctuates. Sometimes its rather warm and sometimes it can get pretty cold. Dont know how HOB has their system set up, but its definitely not consistent.

POSITIVES:

The stage has just the right amount of room and is elevated so you can see the performers pretty clear. Since its an intimate setting, you are pretty close to all those that are on stage. Most of my pictures I have taken looks like im pretty much right in front of them so when my friends see the pics, they get kinda jealous because it looks like im so very close to the stage.

The sound and lighting is awesome! When there are some deep bass lines in some songs, you can literally feel the bass pounding right through your body! 


So overall, I would say I had an ok experience both times here. Its just that those negatives were still there and it didnt matter who was performing.
We went for Sunday night dinner. It wasn't packed which was great.  There was a live band playing good music.  I ad the catch of the day which happened to be swordfish.  It was very good- well seasoned & moist.  It came with bacon mashed potatoes & sauted veggies.  The place was clean & sercice was good.
Had breakfast here food was good. Nothing special.
This was our first stop of the night. We had some drinks and the vibe was casual and relaxing. The noise level wasn't too loud so we were able to converse normally. I certainly enjoyed my time here!
Ahhh the good ol' HOB. Man..I remember when this was THE concert spot ..the ultimate place to see your favorite performer and also the ultime spot for a performer to play.

I can start my review off memories , some blurry because of the alcohol , contact high or simply because I was in a musical orgasm; However it would not be fair for the readers

The place is small. Lets face it. You will end up tasting the sweat of the person right next to you .I can tell you the night before going to a HOB concert I pray to the Gods that the people around me decided to take a shower before the event.

On the flip side..small means close..close means better vibe..better vibe means awesome show! So if you are ok with all that.. it is still a very cool venue specially if you choose to sit on the balcony where there are movie theater kinda seats .

Sound is outdated. Sadly to report they seem to not want to upgrade the speakers nor their (speakers)location. Usually they have to retune , or the sound is simply not that good. The place have a lot of wood which is great for sound..but when you have the same speakers that "the wonders" from "that thing you do" had..then you are pretty much done.

They are selling food now.Hot dogs pizza , etc. And the price is actually pretty damn good for being inside the venue that is inside a casino. It amazingly tastes pretty good as well(for concert food of course). Food tends to go fast and wait time might be a little long but I think its pretty awesome to have the availability .

Drinks are just ok. Sometimes you get that water downed vodka and cran, but they will NEVER forget to charge you more than 12 dollars for it. Seriously HOB? I mean you are selling 5 dollars pizza but a 12 dollars Barbie sized cocktail? On the flip side..they sell tall boys and that's what I stick with

This place is where its at right now due lack of investment and love from its owners . Music artists don't want to play where they know their concert is not gonna be up to par. People don't want to go to weak concerts and then the whole chain reaction starts.Trust me ;the concept is awesome and I love the feel of a private venue, without the crazy expensive ticket price and with a cool ambiance. Im sure if HOB decides to take care of their spot , all this could change.

Rock out with your YELP out !
I came to watch jimmy eats world since I wanted a show while in Vegas but nothing overly expensive. We had gone to the red square before the concert ad drank alot of vodka and then  purchased a drink wristband  at HOB which my husband ended up taking full advantage of. This venue was small & intimate like others and no view was bad to enjoy the show. Unfortunately we were next to an obnoxious old drunk guy who kept bumping into me and causing me to spill my drink. Didn't realize how smashed my Hubby was either until I noticed he kept singing the same song over and over again lol. I followed him outside for a smoke break and when we tried to return inside he ran straight into the wall and security said he was done and kicked us out. I just couldn't believe after all the heavy metal and rap concerts we get kicked out of "jimmy eat world"! Hahaha I was pissed leaving before their set was over and it was only 9pm.
Their gumbo soup is really good. There's lots of flavor. 

However, their jambalaya - not so much. The rice was mushy, and it tasted very tomato-y but without much flavor.. The portion was very large though. It's definitely big enough for two.

The cornbread was very good. It came out in a cute little skillet. It's an appetizer that you'd definitely want to share. It does have jalapeños in it. The maple butter that it came with was delish.

The lobster mac & cheese was super creamy. It had lots of big chunks of lobster.
The place is a dump. Recently we saw GNR at HRH. Awesome sound, excellent venue, everything the HOB is not. For one thing the HOB makes no effort to restrict the number of people trying to force their way into GA. I'll never buy those tickets again. It is not safe. I'm not sure what the regulators are waiting for, but somebody is going to die in there because of their asinine policies. In the event of an emergency there would not be enough body bags. At HRH the tickets for the GA area in front of the stage are tightly controlled. No one gets in front of the stage unless they have a ticket. At HOB it was anything goes.
The sound system needs a rework. Also it would be much more pleasant for the patrons if on occasion the cleaning staff actually cleaned the floor. Wherever we walked we stuck. Ick!
I decided to check out House of blues for brunch. The food was okay. Probably the best place for brunch in Mandalay Bay. There aren't many great places to eat at Mandalay, especially for brunch. I had an egg sandwich, eggs over easy on a buttermilk biscuit along with a side of fresh fruit. My eggs were not over easy. In fact they were overcooked. How do you mess up eggs? I just don't understand how restaurants do this. The biscuit was rich and yummy..they did not mess that up. Overall the breakfast was just okay, but 10 times better than the Mandalay buffet and room service. Therefore if I stay at Mandalay again, I may eat here again out of pure convenience.
This was a great venue to view a live concert, especially since they still have reserved seating, something that has all but disappeared from smaller music venues.  I like the property, I like the staff, the acoustics were great and it was a pleasant experience.  I do have a caveat for those attending shows there however- particularly people who buy their tickets online at Live Nation or Ticketmaster with the intent of printing their tickets at home.

If you print your tickets online and are offered the "Pass the Line" option, don't buy it.  It's not necessary.  At the House of Blues home page, it clearly states that all a person has to do is present a receipt from the restaurant or gift shop in order to automatically receive priority entrance into the music hall.  This is true at all HOB locations in the USA, per their website.  Furthermore if like me you purchase assigned seating tickets, there really is no need for priority entrance.  Those who have General Admission/Standing Room Only tickets will have a priority, as they can get into the music hall faster and secure a better place to watch the show.

Since I did not visit the HOB website to purchase my ticket to a recent show at the Las Vegas HOB, I was not aware of this option until after the fact.  I went to Tickemaster/LiveNation and bought the ticket there. During the check out process, an icon for "Pass the Line" popped up with an offer.  Buy a Pass the Line voucher in advance online, and receive not just the priority entrance, but also $20 on the voucher good towards purchase in the restaurant or gift shop.  I took it because I already knew I would be eating dinner at HOB before the show.  The voucher did not provide anything at a discount or for free, and in fact it is restrictive because it has to be used the night of the performance.  It really isn't anything more than HOB finding a way to receive payment for a meal or gift shop purchase well in advance.  Good marketing, but not good value for the consumer.  I bit anyway- that was a mistake.  After the ticket and the $20 voucher were paid for, I received an email link to print my ticket.  Upon printing I discovered that the printout includes a coupon for $10 off a restaurant meal purchase(s) of $25 or more.  The verbiage does not state it is not for the date of the ticketed performance, or excludes that performance, nor does it state that it cannot be combined with any other offer.  It is blatantly an attempt to get concert goers to eat at the restaurant, period.

So I took my receipt for the prepaid voucher to the box office and was issued the voucher.  I also had the $10 off offer on the printout with me.  When I presented the voucher worth $20 in conjunction with the printed meal discount offer, I was told they could not be used together, that the discount was for a future date as in incentive for people to return to dine.   I disagreed and said there was no verbiage to that effect.  I spoke to the manager, and explained that not only was the verbiage not present, but also the $20 voucher I tendered as payment was not a freebie or a comp, I paid the $20 in advance.  In other words, I was not getting anything for free by using it.  The manager attempted to tell me that was the fee to get past the line and onto the VIP line, at which point I pointed out that there was nothing special, as I could have merely dined and obtained a receipt, and presented the receipt with my ticket as proof of dining.  The manager abruptly relented and stated he would honor both because he "wants me to have a good time at the concert."  I don 't necessarily believe that was his true motive, but it works for me.  

The moral of the story is that if you are  planning on dining at HOB prior to the show, just pay for your dinner when you get there.
We decided to get a little 'touristy' this past Christmas.

We came to Mandalay Bay to see the Shark reef and decided to eat here for Christmas lunch.

SO much better then what I was expecting, which was typical hotel on the strip food.
I had the Christmas special which was Prime Rib, Sweet potatoes and mixed veggies and for dessert, chocolate cheesecake.

everything was delicious.
not one item I ate was bad and I was so impressed.

on top of that,
we had excellent service from both our waiter and at the busy times, the funny bartender, who at one point started pouring our drinks while wearing normal street clothes So at first we weren't sure if he was an employee or just a crazy customer who picked up a pitcher and started doing his good deed Christmas day.


will definitely be back again.

could not have asked for better customer service or food!
What can I say it's The House of Blues, if you've seen one you've seen them all. mostly standing room unless you pay for bottle service or the balcony is open. Good sound I have no complaints.
I'm not a party person, kinda a homebody actually. But I enjoyed this place a lot. The music was loud and fun, the atmosphere was great and the waiters were prompt. Not a bad experience in my book.
I've seen three shows here and one gospel brunch. It's a great venue. Seems like there isn't a bad seat in the house. I like the balcony, short drink lines and restroom lines every time I've been there.

Gospel brunch was awful. Very loud, very Jesusy, and the food was terrible compared to the food in the restaurant. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. I only went because we had free tickets, but I think we still overpaid.
This review is for the entertainment only.  Friday night karaoke was outstanding.   You sing on stage with a live band.  There are definitely some regulars here - the mid 50's guy with the semi-Billy Idol haircut who sang an Idol song (quite well) and a few others.  5 stars to the biker looking dude who sang "Welcome to the Jungle" and put Axl Rose to shame.  5 stars as well to the guy who got on stage wearing cowboy boots and big black cowboy hat.  I was expecting some straight-up honky tonk country until he invited everyone to give  him the middle finger, announced it was his birthday and then rocked Motley Crue's "Shout at the Devil".

There were some people that absolutely had no business being on stage, but that's how it is every night at karaoke night, no matter where you are.
Came here feb 13 to hear the pj Barth trio (who was awesome) and also decided to eat here. 
We ordered whisky and cokes which came out very quickly and decided to order the full rack of st Louis ribs. Let me say-best ribs I've had in Vegas. The meat fell off the bone, and had some tasty brands and excellent coleslaw to go with it. We also had the banana bread with a whisky glaze that was to die for. 

Besides all the great food our waitress, Nicole, was top notch. She was nice and chatty and very attentive. She suggested the banana bread dessert to us. Even if the food was horrible (which it wasn't) I would come back here for drinks just because of her good service. We probably will come back tonight!
They should really teach the wait staff to take ownership.
I went here with a few friends for a birthday. The night started off fine with the waiter taking our drink orders and getting settled. When the waiter asked what I wanted I pointed to the Caesar salad and said, "I'll have the Caesar salad with steak" he looked over my right shoulder to where I was pointing and said ok. When I got the salad it didn't taste like a caesar salad but every place had their own special dressing and no two are ever really the same so I thought nothing of it.., until I put an avocado in my mouth! I wasn't sure what it was at first but I spit it out because it wasn't something I expected. The lighting in the place is tinted so I still couldn't tell what I had put in my mouth until my tongue started to burn. I'm very allergic to avocado! I took out my phone to confirm what it was and sure enough it is avocado. I promptly rinsed my mouth with my drink and realized I didn't have antihistamines or my epi pen on me... They were in my bag I forgot in the car. Thankfully because I didn't ingest it and because I quickly spit and rinsed I only ended up with a swollen, itchy tongue and lips. When I told the waiter I didn't see avocado on the menu description he pointed to the Steak Salad(not the Caesar) and said, "right there" when I told him I ordered the other salad he said, "sorry, I heard steak salad so that's what I wrote down." 
What I heard when he said that was, "I wasn't actively listening to your order. I heard a key word and assumed I would be right." Or "you totally said steak salad and now you're trying to put this on me!" 
Either way he wasn't listening or looking (because I even pointed) and he refused to take ownership. Had I swallowed the avocado this could have been a lot worse than a bad review! This could have been me dead and them in a lot of trouble with my partner and our lawyer. 
I waited till the end of our visit at this restaurant to write this review. I wanted to give him a chance to take ownership of his mistake but he never did. He showed no concern for me after I told him what happened. I wish I had been able to find a manager to avoid this review and let them know they need to do some more training. Taking ownership is not a bad thing! Accountability is important in the customer service industry. 
Since actively listening, taking ownership or accountability, and caring are either not taught by management or not practiced by staff: be sure to let your waiter know of any food allergy even if you know they item you ordered is a safe item.

I would really love to be able to speak to a manager and change my view of the experience I had here. I'm sure this was just a fluke but this was a serious matter. I hate leaving bad reviews and would love the chance to reevaluate. I just saw no empathy from my waiter and it really scared me seeing that food allergies are no joke.
I will be calling to speak with a manager at my earliest convenience.
Swing dancing on Tuesday nights at the House of Blues is soooo much fun. Tons of awesome dancers who are friendly and  amazing to watch.  The bands change weekly so there are all types of good music to dance to.  Everyone should check it out. Come in your fancy duds and dance shoes! This week was a band from L.A.  The California Feet Warmers.  So much fun.
I'm not changing my review, but in fairness, after reading my post a manager from the restaurant contacted me to apologize for the food and gave me a full refund, which is pretty great. She offered me a free dinner at The House of Blues here in LA. Haven't had a chance to take her up on it, but if I do I'll report back.
I've been to HoB dozens of times, but nothing recently until a concert the other night.

The venue is small enough to make you feel close to all the action, but big enough to where it isn't overly crowded.

It is probably my most favorite place to listen to live music in town truthfully.  Most other places are much much larger, and you don't have the same effect being there.

The security here are actually decent people, not too harsh and stern like they were a few years ago.  Seems like they lessened up a bit.

Prices are usually reasonable too, but that obviously depends on who's playing.
The House of Blues is the worst live music venue in Las Vegas. I don't even know where to start. First I guess is the design. A venue should always have a clear line of sight to the stage. In this place, there are HUGE pillars that surround the main floor, so if you're on the other side, you're screwed. They also EXTREMELY oversell the place. When a concert is sold out, it's packed as tight as can be...yeah, you may think every general admission concert is like that right? Wrong. You have to take stairs down to actually get in the venue, and when it's full, there's people standing up the stairs. When the Joint at the Hard Rock has a sold out show, there's still plenty of room to get reasonably close to the stage, and still have room to breathe. I've never sat in the balcony, so I can't comment on that. But bottom line, if it's not sold out, ok, if it is, just stay home and don't bother. The Joint at the Hard Rock Hotel usually gets much better acts anyways.
I keep trying to like this place. Really. And I do appreciate the gorgeous artwork on the ceiling and in the upper eaves. And the cool light shows that the stage is set up for. But when it comes to acoustics, service, and general comfort, this location fails. 

What should be a small, intimate concert experience always devolves into a sweaty, shoving free-for-all, with some 6'6'' dude standing right in front of me and a 10 minute wait at the bar for a $13 drink. The no re-entry policy kind of makes me feel an animal being herded into a corral during set breaks.

I saw Umphree's McGee here last night, and have seen Moby, Metric, Ghostland Observatory, Karl Denson, and Wilco in the past. The Karl Denson and Wilco shows worked here, because there was very limited attendance, making them quiet, intimate events. 

For a truly intimate venue, I like the E-String. But for a bigger crowd, the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip would be a better choice.
All though my visit didn't turn out great the response from management was so fast and they seemed so concerned and sincere in their apologies that I had to update my review. 
Sometimes employees are caught off guard by a guest challenge and maybe they're unsure of how to proceed or maybe they're afraid of the consequences they may face if they say they've made an honest mistake. But if there is one thing I have learned in my years of working in and training others in customer service it's that taking ownership, apologizing and empathizing really go a long way.

The way management jumped on this and tried to get a hold of me was commendable. 
I will be going back and honestly I think I'll order that salad I got last time! I always play it safe and order a Caesar when going out but the salad they brought me last time...the steak salad(?) was Really Good! I will be updating again after I go back this weekend.

Thank you to LeeAnn G. and Michael Hide for reaching out to me and making me feel welcome to come back.
Had a very good experience had a waiter named Anthony was right on top of things great server.. And great food will be back
This place was TERRIBLE! I had a tough time finding something on the menu. Absolutely nothing sounded delicious and I was tempted to walk out, but we had already ordered our drinks. 

I ended up going with the classic club... for $17, mind you. Imagine my surprise when I receive a sandwich with "fake" turkey (you know the kind where its all wet and sort of on the slimy side,.... not  slightly dry and freshly carved like it should be?) 
....and a thick slice of sweaty cheddar cheese! 

Seriously? I feel completely ripped off and I honestly want to see Aaron Sanchez's food network membership revoked. 

P.S. sprinkling dried pepper flakes on slices of pickle does not make you creative!!!!!!!!
I saw Joe Satriani here and the sound was decent but the venue needs to be updated badly. It's just too beaten up compared to The Joint. They seem to have an identity crisis, hosting a lot of crappy hip hop shows and trying to appeal to the wrong crowds. Steel Panther is a fucking joke yet they have a residency here on a regular basis. There are too many good local bands for this venue to support the garbage it's promoting as "good music" That being said, when a real band is actually booked here, the production values i.e. lights and sound are usually top notch.
I have eaten here several times before, usually for breakfast.  The menu has recently changed, however, I prefer the previous menu.  It was easier to order from.  The service is always good I feel.  They have a nice gift shop.  Eat one breakfast one morning, get 2 for 1 next day with your receipt!
St patty's day here was awesome! Live bands all day long, great food and fun atmosphere!
My experience at the house of blues was less than great to say the least. It was a Saturday night so the hour wait wasn't a problem, what was a problem was that the host wanted either a drivers license or credit card for the table pager. I wasn't comfortable giving either of those items to host at a restaurant for a pager; when I declined both hosts working got rude stating I could wait if I like but if I wasn't there when they called I would lose my table which is understandable. After about 45 minutes we checked in to see if there was an update about our table again the host was rude telling me they had 15 minutes and the exact time that they had to get us a table. When our table was ready they sat us right in front of the live band, which was so loud we couldn't even order or communicate with our server. We asked our server if we could move back slightly which she accommodated with no problem. Our server was amazing and I would enjoy her serving me anytime. 

Now lets talk about the food.... Lets start with the chicken I was served... First I'm not sure it was even chicken because the size of the leg and breast I got were so tiny.... When I cut into it and got passed the skin I'm pretty sure the chicken wasn't cooked... It may have been the poor lighting but the chicken just didn't look right.... My moms chicken wasn't much better than mine, but she was able to eat hers... The server offered to remake my chicken but I was already too turned off to try another attempt at it, so instead I ate a side of mashed potatoes. Everything else that came from the kitchen was ok and just ok.... Nothing stood out as amazing or spectacular...

Oh and if there is a band playing they also charge an entertainment fee... Which is a bit unreasonable since the band made it so you had to scream across the table. 

So if your looking to be treated rudely,pay for overpriced cafeteria food, and not be able to communicate with your group then this is your place....
After being on the strip for the day, I wanted something comfortable and laid back for my last nights stay at the Mandalay Bay. I wanted a few drinks and to listen to some live music. The hostess just glared at us going in. She made no attempt to make eye contact. She was more concerned with texting on her cell phone. The restaurant wasn't that busy but looked fun as it was a full band with karaoke.  I asked for a table for a party of two and she just pointed and said seat yourself anywhere. We sat for about 30 minutes as waiters kept walking by. We yelled trying to get their attention. Finally, after yelling and clapping my hands at the waiter at another table who had walked past me 4 times in the 30 minutes he said he would take our order. He made sure we knew he was working past his scheduled time. I even commented that I would sit another table so I could get someone to wait on me. I watched this poor waiter serve half the restaurant while the rest of the wait staff had their own small areas that they seem to service well. After watching this for about 30 minutes, watching the manager not take care of his employees and redeploy them to take back the floor, I approached him and told him what was going on. It was obvious that he wasn't going to jump in and take his front end back.  He set a very bad example chatting on his cell phone several times while on the floor. Anyway, after two drinks I had enough. I was really disappointed and will probably never return. Hopefully the general manager will look at the development of his team and provide some coaching to his wait staff and host at the door. There is no excuse for this type of service at a 5 star hotel.
I've been to the House of Blues for a few concerts now, and there are plenty of other venues that offer a better sound quality, especially in Las Vegas. 
If you have the opportunity to see a band at another venue, I highly recommend it. The sound quality is awful, so there will be a very low chance you'll understand anything coming out of the singers mouth. It ends up being just a muffle that fades into the rest of the band.
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I saw Rob Zombie here years ago as well. It is one of the best music venue that I have been to over the years. The staff were really nice, the sight views and layout was cool. It was an intimate venue without feeling like a steam room.
Delicious eats for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Great drinks, excellent service.  I enjoyed the live music as well.  This was my favorite place to eat in the entire Mandalay Bay Resort.
Went to the Yelp star wars event. I have to say Misti and Molly rock! These ladies always put together fun events. I hope one day to become an Elite so I can see what the privileged few get to attend but I have to say the regular events are way fun!
I came here to see Santana but my view is obstructed. Payed good money to see two people's silhouettes, who I believe were in handicapped-reserved seats.
Also the seats are tight, no elbow room whatsoever. Totally disappointed.
Came here for a bite to eat after we found that RM Seafood was closed due to an event . We sat in the bar area and ordered several appetizers and a few beers which were very good. The waiter was great and really took care of business with us and all the tables around us. Good job. 
Good Food and ambiance.
The next day the breakfast was not nearly as good but I may try again if given the chance.
Girls loved the fish tacos and club.  I had the po boy and it was super greasy and tasted more like oil than shrimp.  Really disappointed in the service as well, waitress came by once to get our order.  I've always loved the food and service here so I will be back.  Just disappointed w this visit!
This place is amazing..the atmosphere is great, people are fun! My only complaint is they close WAY TOO EARLY! Come on..this is Vegas. I hope they expand their hours. 3AM is good.... Thank goodness Ri Ra was open super late to accomodate us. :)

However, they have the best bread pudding I've ever had..
You know you're in Vegas when you shell out $25 for a hamburger and coke. 

I tried this place a couple of times as we were staying in the Mandalay Bay and there are limited options. Food was OK, nothing really write home about. Service was good, no complaints. Pricing is pretty high, but then again, you are in a Las Vegas casino..

Not bad but far from great.
On June 12, 2013,

We totally enjoyed our dinner spent for our last evening in Las Vegas.  The food there was exceptional and tasty.  Our waiter, Anthony Collata provided exceptional. He was terrific in checking with us throughout the meal.  Anthony was personable and knowledgeable in informing us in what was recommend.  He made our last dinner there very special and memorable.  If we return to this restaurant, we would definitely request for him to serve us.  

The catfish there was the best we have ever tried.  

Henry and Jenny
From Hawaii
I came to the House of Blues for the first time to watch AFI/Saosin many years ago. However, since Yelp didn't exist or was big then. Also, I never had experiences in other venues, so I couldn't really judge.

One thing I like about this place that the atmosphere isn't cramped or disgusting looking. Maybe it was also because being emo and scene wasn't that big during my high school years, but the venue wasn't full of high school teens who think the world revolves around them. I also like that there's a big enough back area to chill in unlike some smaller venues where you're just packed in one floor.

All in all, I think House of Blues is one of the better venues out there.
It's good place for breakfast or brunch after a late night out or even after a hangover. I like their coffee and their waffles are great with strawberries! So were their french toast. Will come back if we decide to stay at M/B again.
The restaurant portion is meh. Can't say I'm fan of much of anything there. Meh drinks and beer list. Meh food. Meh service. Meh ambiance. 

What does redeem the restaurant area is the Rockstar Karaoke (currently on Friday nights at 10:00pm). Live band karaoke is the best. The host is so-so, but it moves along quickly and lots of folks get a chance to sing. And the band is pretty good.

So in sum, skip the food, but come for some karaoke.
The food was good. The BBQ pizza appetizer was great, as was the macaroni and cheese. The citrus chicken was good, nothing special. The service was very, very slow.
I ordered the traditional eggs Benedict.  The Canadian bacon was rubbery.  The English muffin was difficult to cut through. The eggs were almost cooked all the way through, providing very little yolk.  The hollandaise sauce was not hollandaise sauce.  The hash-browns were soggy, watery and bland.  The dish reminded me of sub par cafeteria food.  On a lighter note I did enjoy the cheddar biscuits.  The service was outstanding.  For $25 you are probably better off going to the buffet or the cafe.
This review is only for the restaurant itself and not the music venue. 

I've been to this restaurant twice now for our usual holiday meeting. We take up the bigger conference room in the back of the restaurant since there are quite a few of us. And both times, my coworkers and I have had an amazing experience. 

Their service is on point here. Our waiters have been super patient with serving a big group like ours. Some of my coworkers are a bit demanding, but the staff was always there to get whatever they asked for. The food always came out within a reasonable time. The portions of food are ridiculous, a bit pricey, but worth it. 

The food here is good. I don't remember what I ordered the first time we were here, but this time I ordered the meatball sliders. The meatball was rich in flavor and the marinara sauce wasn't too tart. The bread still had some crunch from toasting it, which I like. I also ordered the House of Blues salad which I thought was just blah. The lettuce was a little wilted and could have used more dressing. I know my coworkers enjoyed their food since everyone was raving about how good everything was. I did eat a few sweet potato fries from someone's plate. It could have been cooked a little, as they were soft when I but into them. 

I enjoyed coming here for our meeting. It definitely beats having our meetings in one of our stock rooms. We will definitely be back for our next one.
Yikes. Stale cold bread. Tough shrimp over cooked. Cold soggy fries. The manager comped the meal, but still....music is good though.
Love the atmosphere! Food was great but a little slow.  A little pricey, but what isn't on the strip?  Would definitely go again.
This review is for the restaurant only.  Easily the worst dining experience I've had in Vegas.  Came for lunch with four other friends.  Waited 30 minutes (yes we should have left), kept being told our table was being set up and then waited longer.  And they asked for a drivers license for some reason? (yes we should have left!)  Our waiter seemed frazzled and rushed the whole time, and it didn't really seem that busy.  We waited over 10 minuted for our drinks (four waters and a Diet Coke).  My cobb salad was actually good sized and tasty but the rest of my party wasn't so lucky.  The street tacos are a joke, a tiny tortilla with one piece of bland chicken.  The mac and cheese was actually tasty, but the sandwiches my friends' got were all meh.  Oh, and the water was gross for some reason?  We had to get lemons to be able to drink it.  The waiter was maybe the worst I've had; never checked on us, no refills and was even openly annoyed when I gave him a hundred dollar bill for my twenty-something dollar check.  Come for a show, but go ANYWHERE else for lunch.
Some observations based on a recent Steel Panther Show, which my buddy and I see every year during our annual summer Vegas trip:

At most venues, doors open about an hour before the scheduled start of the show.  I don't know about other acts, but they always do doors for Panther only 30 minutes before the scheduled start of the show, so doors aren't until 11:00 p.m., for Panther.  There is no reason to get there before 11:00 and no reason to line up.  We usually chill and get drinks at the casino bar across from the HOB and stroll right in when the line is gone.  Panther tends to go on a little late anyway. 

Panther's set was an the short side (about an hour) this time.  I'm not sure what's up with that.
Food is ok.  Service is very slow.  There were probably a total of 10 people in the restaurant and it was a very long wait for food.  The first time I came here I ordered the all twisted up skillet which is just a bunch of veggies mixed in with eggs and topped with cheese.  It was very good and flavorful--the first time.  The second time I was like meh.  It was just totally bland but edible the second time.  Husband got the biscuits and gravy the first time and some sort of chorizo and egg dish the second time with a pancake.  The pancake was as large as the plate but arrived at least 10-15 mins before the main dish came out.  Really?  Anyways...if you are looking for a quick breakfast look elsewhere.  That's my opinion.
This is a typical quick breakfast joint for a drunk gambler who wants to get back to his main goal: gambling...
The food was not very good at all and not filling either. I had two eggs, awful bacon, and toast. My sister has a 10" wide pancake that wasn't very good. My grandmother had 4 small waffles with butter and syrup.
Not going there again...
Box office was awesome! I had a problem and they took the time to solve it so thank you for that! Saw The Cult and they killed it!
Be sure to ask how big the portions are! My wife and I could have split one order and still left food on the plate. Great value for breakfast.
Terrible service. It took 25 minutes to get our drinks.  We told the staff that we were seeing the Cirque show in an hour. At the hotel. He said no worries. We had the bacon wrapped poppers.  Ick. Cheese burger and salad. The food came out 5 minutes before we had to leave.  It had been sitting on a warmer. Kinda pricey, food is ok, but the service is atrocious. Better choices in town.
We have been to concerts here AND had dinner, but I hear lunch and breakfast are the better deals. Let's call this a strong  3 1/2 that could go up or down for both the venue or the restaurant on any one day, too many unforced errors in our experience.
We LOVE Aarrron Sanchez, and his influence is obvious in the surprisingly good food possible here.

There is a lot of restaurant turnover here, like a lot of food joints. We were surprised at how good most of our food was but had to send back a ridiculous steak salad that didn't have any steak on it, should never have been served. Portions are large and we had a very good flat bread pizza. Probably more of a beer crowd but they had a decent J Lohr Cab bottle under $40. Servers mean really well but I'm not sure the person training our server's tats were really any better than the trainee's tats. But they fixed it no problem, just be prepared; this is erratic and good, but watch out. A lot of mistakes were made including our bill and they weren't busy at 10pm on a Monday night.

For a concert, expect a lot of security, NO water bottles, by large people that don't look as smart as airport personnel and that was our experience when we got relocated because the band, Gotye, had setup their lighting exactly in our seats.  Some huge guys in bad suits sat us in some poorer seats and we moved later on our own to better seats. The general admin seating is wild downstairs and probably not for anybody over 40 who can afford a table or a seat upstairs. 

Excellent sound and viewing in general, small venue. Can be pricey. 
We have not done the Gospel brunch but have wanted to do it in Chicago for a long time, we hear it is great.
A-OK, but expect anything and you won't be surprised.
Ate there today.  Horrible experience! Service was totally absent. I gave a waiter the empty coffee carafe and he never came back.  The only thing I found good to eat was the cold shrimp and the omelet.  Most of the promised menu was absent.  No  sliders or shrimp & grits.  No chicken wings.  The meat they called prime rib was over cooked, dry and tasteless.  The entertainment was a movie for the first hour and the a few women singing - I expected a choir.
Had dinner at house of blues.

Service was decent and pretty quick.

Food looked good but was very bland.
Recommend you carry salt, pepper, and what eve spice you like on your pocket.

But to be fair, I'm from Louisiana and most food outside my state is bland, no flavor.

Of course it's very loud, but not bad overall.
Great venue - great staff - great acts - watch their concert listings - got see Deep Purple, Tesla, Shinedown, Slash and of course Steel Panther.
Great food and fantastic musicWent in for breakfast enjoyed the meal so much that we returned for dinner and to our surprise we got to listen to a great guitarist while enjoying our dinner of fried chicken.
Saw Santana here. Remarkable venue - small, intimate with great sound. 

I suspect you can see well from any seat in the place. 

Santana rocked like a 20 year old and was backed by a superb cadre of others. 

The food was okay, but no more. Service was very good.  Had a VIP package which included, much to our surprise, top shelf bottles of wine. 

It was a great experience.
The food here is fantastic!  We stopped after the Michael Jackson One show and had the jalapeno corn bread, a chicken quesadilla and the lobster mac&cheese.  All these dishes were fantastic!  We were pleasantly surprised.  Highly recommend!
AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!
$12 for a Fireball Shot? Where are the Strippers?
This place has gone downhill since it opened and is a joke amongst Vegas Locals.
Drinks are 25% more than even the most expensive Strip Clubs. It would be different if the shows were free. 
Security Wanding & Pat Down before entering? Really TSA?

Avoid this place at all costs!
This review is for the gigs that get hosted here, not for the restaurant itself.

Seems like nearly every metal band I see goes to play here if they're not any of the big wigs from the 80s era thrash/hair/new wave-of-heavy-metal or whatever. All the big boys play at the arenas, but sometimes they'll step down and give concerts with an intimate experience. Although that seems to be a rare thing nowadays, and if they do that, they're most likely playing at The Joint over at the Hard Rock Hotel.

There's really not a lot of options when it comes to booking venues here in Vegas, so we're mainly stuck with the HOB most of the time when it comes to alternative music acts that are more well-known outside the US.

I've been to nearly all the venues here in Vegas, both big and small, yet end up at the HOB most of the time.

I would say that this place is just like any other HOB in existence. You've got your bar area, the concert pit, the upper section and of course, the stage. A good thing about this place is that unlike the other small venues out there such as The Vinyl or The Railhead, the stage is raised which offers everyone a decent view of their idols. That way, you don't have to strain your neck whenever some 6-foot giant is headbanging in front of you.

HOB security here is more lax about moshing compared to other places, although I'm not sure if they will accept crowd-surfing and stage-diving...

As for sneaking in cameras, I have never been caught recording on my cell phone. But this was years ago, and perhaps times have changed. I'm not sure if they'll accept digital cameras, so your safest bet is to compromise by having a smart phone in hand. Most concert venues I've been to don't really care about people recording on their iPhones, Samsung Galaxies, etc. So if you have a smart phone that can record well, then by all means bring it.

The acoustics for this place are really good and perhaps some of the best I've ever heard. However, it can get a bit loud since the place is small and you're up close--although sometimes I feel like the tech theatre folks purposefully crank the decibel up to eleven at this place compared to other venues (pop concerts are not exempt from this, and I could've sworn that my ears hurt more when I came here to see an Utada/J-pop concert than all the times I came here for my metal bands). At other places such as The Joint, the decibel wasn't all that bad even up close. If you don't want to lose your hearing, then buy some quality noise-reduction ear plugs--you know, the ones that musicians wear or those airmen folks at the nearby Nellis AFB hand out for free during their air shows (although I suggest that you do this for every venue regardless).

Besides the sound, the ticket prices at this place seem to rise every year ever since HOB switched ticketing agents. They no longer handle their own ticketing and have sold their souls to the evil that is Ticketmaster. Ticket prices to see a band used to be as low as $23...then it went up to $27...then $35...I'd be surprised if they end up in the $40s in the near future, and I hope not. If you wanna buy tickets to see a concert here, buy them at the box office if possible. Buying them online would just cost you more since Ticketmaster loves to charge that ridiculous 'service fee' or whatever they call it, adding an extra $10 or $12 to your ticket price. If you buy at the box office, you don't have to pay for that at all, although they still charge you 4-5 bucks for 'facility fees'. Still though, that's better than paying an extra ten or dozen for your ticket.

Overall, if you're a local concert-goer, you might find yourself ending up at this place more than others since bands somehow manage to book this place a lot. The scenery can get tiring after that, although those doesn't derail the quality of the venue itself. HOB folks are nice and security shouldn't give you too much trouble. This place is as good as it gets for a 'local concert hotspot'.
two of us ordered the swordfish for $23.99, and one had the pulled pork sandwich... Its obvious  the cooks do not know what they are doing. the fish was dry, dry, dry as was the pulled pork.. saving grace was the mashed potatoes,, Our waiter was... less than attentive.we were there for the concert and it took over 15 minutes before he came to our table.. then he proceeded to touch me like i was his special friend... sir, it is inappropriate for you to be touching a guest, especially a woman, do not place your hand on my back and touch my shoulder,,,, very creepy. never once did he ask how our meal was.. he was to busy chatting up the other table about doing shots... I had to ask 3 times for our check,, hence, the 15% tip
Came Friday night and had a great time at Michael franti concert. The venue, employees and atmosphere were great! Came back Saturday morning for breakfast and was very disappointed. Food service was slow and order eventually came incorrect. Food itself was one star, Denny's quality food...blech!
Summary- come for music atmosphere and drinks but don't eat the food.
I loved the intimate venue however the food was not very good. I had pancakes which how can you mess up and my husband had eggs benedict which were horrible. Go only for the entertainment.
My Wife and I had lunch here for the first time in September.  The service was friendly and prompt.  I've also been to the HOB in Orlando but, never ate there.

The food was amazing.  I got the Juicy Lucy.  One of the famous Chefs own recipes.  It was the best burger I've ever had.  Simply awesome.  I've told everyone about it.  It's a MUST try.  My Wife really enjoyed her chicken sandwich.

I love the ambiance, and wall art.  Top notch.  When I go back, I will be having a Juicy Lucy and checking out Santana if he's still playing there.
First off I should really review this place as a concert venue first. Loved the show I went too and the sound was incredible. The bar service was good and speedy. But it is definitely a Vegas place. I really don't like to spend $14 dollars on a PBR tall boy? But that is what I had to do. In the end I would definitely come back here. But plan on not drinking while there.
Must they over salt everything?
House of Blues is a really great mid-sized venue. I've seen around a dozen shows here and have always had an enjoyable experience. Ticket prices are usually reasonable and if you're a designate driver, non-alcoholic drinks are free (at least the AFI show!) I've normally purchased alcoholic beverages (which are priced as one would expect for a chain venue) when visiting House of Blues, so I'm not sure I got an awesome bartender or if this is their normal generous policy.

I would have given HoB a five, but I just don't get bathroom attendants. I've been dispensing my own paper towels for myself since I was a kid. I just don't need a dude to try to be helpful by placing the paper towels he's offering to dry my clean hands on a wet, dirty countertop with his potentially dirty hands. And if I need cologne, I'll use mine at home. I typically attend metal and punk shows at HoB so a bathroom attendant is a little more "class" than I imagine the attendees at these shows expect. I know, I know - it's Vegas and this is fairly standard practice. I still feel it's obnoxious and superfluous. 

Bathroom attendants aside, you should feel you're making a good choice if you choose to check out a show at Las Vegas' House of Blues!
I emailed the Manager Director the next day as LeAnn requested, and he ( Michael Heid) responded and said he would call me the next afternoon.

 Have never heard anything more from them.

 Apparently, fixing this restaurant and having satisfied customers is not on their list of priorities.. Wish I had read the yelp reviews before we spent the money on the bland, over cooked, overpriced food.

 I did notice that most of the positive and very lengthy in-depth reviews are from locals??? hmmm.  I compared them to the other reviews.. Even the out of town 4/5 star reviews are not as indepth and lengthy...Makes me wonder if these locals have been asked to, or if they have been given incentives to leave this high feedback...
The menu is very pricy, and since Aaron Sanchez created the new menu, many of my favorites have been removed. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, and I am pleased to say it was really good. The pork is extremely tender. My main complaints are with my server. I asked for a kids water, and he asked me if I wanted the cup that lit up. I said yes, but had no idea, I was going to be charged $5 for that cup. Also, he took a really long time to bring the check, and an even longer time to bring me the change. With a great server, I would have given a higher rating.
Gabriella was incredible and informative.  My drink never went empty!  She brought me cucumbers for my hendricks and tonic which i love.  We came in for a light lunch and she recommended the juicy Lucy because she said it was a must and it was featured on the food network.  Oh my Cheese!  Although not light It is a must because I must be in heaven!
This is just for the food. I wish I could have seen a band here, but was in town for business and just didn't have time. I flew in from KC late Monday night (for my time zone) and missed dinner with my coworkers, so I decided to head out on my own. I was staying at Mandalay Bay, so I didn't have far to go to House of Blues. It's right in that complex.

I asked to sit at the bar. That's usually what I do if i am eating alone. You get seated right away, your server is never far away and the service is usually superb. I was not disappointed.

I asked the bartender for a light, savory gin drink. I can't remember what he called it, but it hit the spot. Then I asked what was good on the menu. Initially he said, "Everything". I said BS to that. Then he asked what I wanted - I said something light, it's late for me. So, he recommended the shrimp tacos.

The food came out pretty quickly. The shrimp tacos were really good. Lots of shrimp, nicely seasoned with a little kick. I asked for hot sauce, but all they had was Tabasco. That surprised me. Didn't this chain start in New Orleans? However, they had some sauce that really highlighted the flavor, so kudos.

I was out in less than an hour. Nice dinner. I'd go back - next time for a concert, hopefully.
We loved the place, the food and the service.  Great ambiance.  We Will recommend and we will come back!
I saw Coheed and Cambria here.  This place lost a star for a miscommunication about their front of the line pass.  They have a $20 pass you can buy to enter the music venue first.  You buy one per person and you go. This pass is good for the store or the back bar.  This seemed like a great idea to my mom and I, as we were planning on drinking first anyway.  We went to the bar and got each of our $20 worth of drinks... and then they say that you can only use one $20 front of line credit per party.  So... what is the point of getting them?  Our bartender went to the ticket booth to make sure that we even needed to buy two of them... turns out we did need to buy one each, but we can't use them?  It all worked out in the end but ugh it was a fiasco.  Absolute fiasco.

The reason that I still gave them the 4 stars is because we did have an amazing bartender, and the venue wasn't overcrowded.  I go to shows and concerts in Los Angeles.  I've seen Coheed and Cambria many times in LA and lets face it, I'm not a spring chicken.  So its getting harder and harder to enjoy the music with all the violence.  In Vegas it wasn't overcrowded and security was on it.  The music was amazing, the show was long, and it was air conditioned!  As for our bartender, after the show we went back for more drinks.  She asked what I wanted and I told her I wanted something fruity but refreshing.  She asked one more question, and that was "do you like ginger?" I say yes, and she makes me the most delicious peach/ginger drink i've ever had.  AND she wrote down the recipe so I can have it made again in the future.  Overall, we left happy.
Santana at HOB.  ABSOLUTELY THE BEST.  I would recommend the floor "seats" they are much more fun that the theater level.  Didn't eat the food, but had cocktails in the souvenir glasses.  Expensive, but they don't short you on the alcohol - probably at least a double shot.  If you are even a casual Santana fan, this is a MUST SEE.
Our server, Lamont, was awesome!  He always knew when we needed water or something, but did not hover.

The food was incredible.   I had the meatloaf, my husband had jambalaya.  We shared the chocolate mousse.  

Rockstar Karaoke was the entertainment.  The live band that supports the singers is very talented.   If you go,  ask to be seated where you can see the stage.  We were in a corner where the tables themselves are very nice, but you can't see the entertainment.  Due to the sound system, you can hear very well, though.

We had been to the Santana show before dinner and that is unbelievable.  I have been twice this year and the shows were different so going more than once doesn't get boring at all.  

Santana show plus dinner at the restaurant equals a wonderful evening!!
I was excited to try H.O.B. while on vacation, but my breakfast never came so I left and not to mention I waited 15 mins to sit (party of 1) and an hour plus before the waiter walked by and said "oh gosh idk what's going on" Booooo!!
Great food if you can survive the wait to receive it after you order. Over 50 minutes from the time of ordering to the time of receiving our food.
Server was engaging and friendly but overall, we won't be back. It was somewhat busy when we arrived around 10:30 on a Saturday morning. 35 minutes to be seated. Ordered beverages and food within 10 minutes. 
Almost an hour later, literally 50 minutes, we finally received our pancakes, watery eggs, overlooked bacon and undercooked hashbrowns. Not worth the price and definitely NOT worth the wait.
I can't believe I've been to Vegas so many times and never hit the Gospel brunch.  This is such a fun way to kick off a Sunday in Sin City. The singers know their gospel and they get everyone in the venue on their feet, clapping and singing.  The brunch was the best we've had In Vegas and at $50 head it's a steal considering the show is basically a freebie.  Bloody Mary bar?  Check. Chicken and waffles?  Check.  Best Mac n cheese in the world? Check.  You gotta check this out
Went to Kirk Franklin Presents Gospel Brunch and guess what, there was no Kirk Franklin.  We should have guessed it, but were disappointed nonetheless. In spite of... the show was wonderful, upbeat and uplifting.  The food was good and the banana bread pudding was phenomenal!
Breakfast here was decent - too much onion in the gravy over biscuits, and a pancake that was a bit mealy inside. Service was admirable and the place is iconic. I would venture here again for lunch or dinner because I love their cornbread, but breakfast may find me somewhere else...
Never ever ever have breakfast here. I was a party of one and had to wait 20 min to be seated. I walked in and half the tables were empty. Epic fail.
Staff was great. They went above and beyond. Originally booked the foundation room for my wedding reception but upon review of my needs and guestlist the wedding coordinator closed the House of Blues restaurant for us to meet our needs. Food was great. Setting was awesome. Loved everything about this venue!
I am biased; I witnessed one of the funniest scenes of my life here.

HOB was pleasantly surprising. I would never have thought they'd have such attentive servers and really delicious food. My dad's friends made the reservation, so I didn't have a say in any of the matter.
The atmosphere is a bit chain-y, but it's pretty, and the bathroom is really big!
Anyway, everybody liked their entree, and our server was so nice, dealing with our rowdy group. The band was a 90s rock group specializing in girl power songs like No Doubt and Alanis, and I loved it. The sound is great, too.
After too many drinks, some poor girl decided to dance-attack my dad on the dance floor. She seemed lost from her friends. She wasn't wearing underwear....and I can't quite explain the scene when she tried doing back bends in her mini skirt, on my DAD. My mom watched in pure shock as the whole group completely lost it. Not sure if I've ever laughed that hard in my life. What happens in Vegas, goes on Yelp.
The staff handled it very well. They were nice to the girl, but needless to say, she had to go auf wiedersehen. They escorted her out and we got a story to tell for years.
I've gone to House of Blues twice - both times because it was a Sunday in the winter and my family and I were in Vegas, and my brothers (huge niner fans) wanted to go to a restaurant where we can watch the game. 

House of blues has huge tv screens that play football games on Sundays. 

Onwards to the food. Their food is Cajun styled and really tasty. Apparently there's a new chef at this location and he created a new menu 6 months ago. 

MUST: get the voodoo shrimp. Omgosh. Jumbo shrimp on fried styled cornbread, soo good. 

Another must: get the cornbread. It comes with maple butter. Believe me it's yummy! 

Was too full for dessert this time but I remember it being good. Prices are also reasonable too!
We stopped in here for a quick bite one evening. The food was ok. The prices seem a bit high, but that is to be expected for Vegas I guess. But the highlight of our visit was our server! Our waiter was Kurt and he was so friendly and helpful. Ask to be seated in his section and you will have a great experience.
Went to the House of Blues Kirk Franklin Sunday Brunch in celebration of my God-Sister Birthday.
**Great Seating, Great Food and of course the Performers(singers) were awesome and a Blessing. We got so involved with participating in singing along and praising God. But only a little disappointed 1. We actually thought Kirk Franklin was going o be there to perform(he was only there video wise) 2. The Food was Great but after the performance it was time to leave, we were like "What" that's it!!!Performance is over & Brunch too, WOW!!! but We stood up, sang, & Praise we didn't really eat our food just nibble here and there.
Suggestion: A. It should state on your ticket that Kirk Franklin will not be there personally just by pre-recorded Video. B. If Brunch starts @ 10:00 they should give people to enjoy the brunch till 11:00 from 11:00-12:30 performance, 12:30 continue your Brunch till 1:00= change the time frame of the Brunch,. so those that are thinking about going please be on time to enjoyed your Brunch, Unlike us we were enjoying the Praising and singing . It was all Good we left there not full of good food but Full of the Spirit God is Good....
When I visit Las Vegas I will re-visit the House of Blues Sunday Brunch :-)
This review is mostly for the restaurant.  We came here for dinner because we scored free tix to a Brazilian Party at the concert venue, and we had a $25 restaurant.com certificate for the restaurant.

I'd love to be able to give the restaurant 3 1/2 stars, but the service and management was so exceptional that I'm bumping it up to 4.  

We were two couples, and it turned out that we all decided to order the same thing, the Turkey Burger.  One of our friends is allergic to tomatoes, and told the waitress that they absolutely had to be left off.  We waited quite a while for our food to be delivered, and even though we'd gotten to the restaurant with time to spare before the concert, we were getting nervous.  When the food was delivered, you guessed it, the tomatoes were sitting on his burger, and it needed to be sent back.  The waitress was completely apologetic and stated that she absolutely told that to the kitchen.  We believed her, and it didn't take too much time for his food to come back, this time prepared correctly.

We all agreed that it was the best turkey burger any of us had ever eaten; no gamy taste whatsoever, and it had stuff mixed into the meat.  It was a little bit spicy - a good thing!  It kicked up the blandness of the usual turkey burger, without the kitchen having to oversalt it to give it some taste.  The fries that came with it were crisp and delicious, and there was a little dish of sweet and spicy pickles, something I'd never tasted before, and really loved.

What happened next was totally unexpected:  the manager came over, unbidden, and apologized for the mix-up.  He invited us to come back after the performance and enjoy dessert on the house.  And then the charge for the Mistake Burger was removed from the bill!  And that's in addition to the discount from the certificate we had.

The performance was a whole 'nother matter.  After being searched and branded, er, banded, we went upstairs where we were ushered to comfortable seats.  No standing room for us, with our free tickets!  A DJ on the stage was playing some Trance-type music.  I normally like this stuff, but I was waiting for "Brazilian" to start.  8:30, 9:00, 9:30, nothing except that DJ and a lot of heavy bass.  Nobody downstairs seemed to be moving to it, and I, who normally can't sit still when rhythm is happening, was getting completely bored.  The girl next to me said the show was going to start at 10, even though our tickets said 8:30.  When 10 pm came and went, and nothing changed on the stage, we all decided that dessert would be much more interesting.

We returned to the restaurant, where our same waitress cheerfully served us delicious Key Lime pie, coffee and tea, and no bill save for the tip we left her, and we left sated and happy.
We went to the Sunday Gospel Brunch and it was a lot of fun. The show is very good and the music was fantastic. The singers were top notch and put on an enjoyable show. The food was flavorful and good but not hot enough. The jambalaya and mac and cheese were the best. I do like that they had buffalo sauce for the chicken and waffles which was very tasty. Service was eh. We asked for a coke that we never received and they would bring by small water pitchers that filled 2 glasses and then come back with another 20 minutes later so water was not always refilled. I also thought $10 for a bloody mary with the price of the ticket was a little much. Tables are also very close. Take one table out and then it would have been fantastic. I know they loose money that way but it would have been a lot more comfortable. 

Fun event for a Sunday morning. Worth seeing once and for the price, you get a meal and a show so price is good. Just needs a little work with keeping the food hotter and a few more servers.
I love the atmosphere and music that was playing. I love the steak and maui tacos, don't forget to put some siracha on it. DELICIOUS!!!
I can't sing enough praises for Denise and the staff at the HOB Company Store! I called from Austin, TX, looking for certain paintings by "Glitter Girl" that are difficult to find. The two young women who helped me went out of their way by sending pics of the paintings that were available and answering all my questions. I was able to purchase two large paintings over the phone and have them shipped to Texas. Honestly, it was an exceptional experience, and so nice to know people care about a customer's satisfaction. Will definitely stop by the HOB next time I am in Las Vegas! Kudos again and again to Denise and her fellow HOB members!!! I am happy, Deborah Grimsley
This review is for the Foundation room bar. Views are to die for - best on the strip. Go on a Monday night when it's free. Expect to pay $10 a drink minimum. Two out of 10 of us threw up immediately after drinking rum & cokes. No other explanation other than we were roofied. Buyer beware
Have you ever had that moment when you were so excited to go somewhere and you have heard nothing but excellent things about it and then you get to experience it for yourself and you want to go back and backhand everyone that told you such amazing things about it? If so, welcome to the world of House of Blues. 

Santana was back at the house of Blues and I have wanted to see him forever so as a Christmas gift I received 2 VIP ticket packages somewhere around $250 a piece tickets that had been advertised to include, Early access to the music hall with advanced seating, a bottle of champagne or wine, chocolate covered strawberries, and a few other things outside of the venue that dont matter here. 

With doors opening at 7:30 we figured we would go to the venue around 7:15 and with the VIP badge we would walk right in. That was in fact the complete opposite. The General admission line to the left of us was simply pooring right into the music hall while we waited in a rope made coral. The hostess told us that they are short handed tonight so there will be a little wait to be seated.. I Can understand a place being short handed so guess that is no big deal right? If this was a 5 minute wait that would be no big deal but we then stood outside while all the others people walked right in for over 15 minutes, Once the lady opened up the rope she got on the radio and let them know table 26 was coming down and she let us know the usher would meet us at the bottom of the stairs and escort us to our table. At the bottom of the stairs we were greeted by a woman that said... Oh you are VIP? go ahead and wait right here and points into the middle of a group of people so we then waited there getting in and out of peoples way for the next 10 minutes. Until an usher finally came to get us to take us to the table. 

Once we got to our table or maybe we should call it our position in the sardine box we waited forerver for the server to come take our order. We ordered the bottle of wine which she did end up bringing to the table pretty quick but said, " I need to go drop off this other bottle and then Ill be right back to open it up for you" 25 minutes later she returned to ask how we are doing and that is when I think she realized I was not happy and discovered we had just sat there with an unopened bottle of wine.

The show itself was amazing and Santana is a musical Monster but this establishment is not as Intimate as people say it is, unless you are talking about the fact that you sit so close to the guy next to you that you can smell his breath. My one recomendation would be not to pay for the crazy priced VIP packages, instead, choose to site in the balcony seating, it was comfy movie theater like seats and the view would have been amazing. I may give this place another try for a general admission rock concert or something but definitely not for a seated show like this one.
The service was slow and I was shocked that they didn't serve any fish. The fish of the day was shirmp and spinich. Now how can they claim to be cajun and not serve any fried fish or have any crystals hot sauce?
sorry I was disappointed. First of all  Kirk Franklin is not there in person. It was 6 singers on stage singing his songs. I did enjoy the singing. I think $50.00 was too pricy. The buffet was more of a catered event, not what you see in most Las Vegas buffets. The alcoholic drinks start at $6.00. We had dishes stacked on our table at least 15 min. No I will not go again.
My review is for the restaurant only.  Seeing all the fancy high priced restaurant in the Mandalay Bay, the House of Blues is a nice option.  Having said that, I've only been once.  The service was slow and the food was just ok.  I was hoping for more but with newer restaurants popping up in the casino or the shopping mall, I really don't find myself coming back here.
Went here on a Friday night with a group of 5. We were seated very quickly, however I could tell by the faces of the other guests they were not pleased with the service. Many of them looked as if they were waiting quite a while. The table next to us actually waived their bill in the air to be picked up by the waiter. 

Once seated I decided to head to the bar for a drink based on the looks around us I wanted to get my drink quickly. The waiter was at the table when I came back and looked flustered that I ordered from the bar rather than him. We quickly ordered our food, we ordered the following. 

Heat Seeker Burger- my friend said this was a pretty good burger. No complaints. Came with sweet potato fries and I tried those, pretty yummy! 

Chicken sandwich- my other friend has this, yet another with no complaint. Came with sweet potato fries as well. 

Buffalo Chicken sandwich- I had a few bites...the chicken was cold. I found this strange. Nothing to rave about just a regular salad with buffalo chicken on top. 

Chicken tacos- pretty flavorful, small but I think they were street tacos so not bad. 

Everything was just ok. Little bit of a wait to order and get drinks and the cold buffalo chicken was a bust. Definitely would go somewhere else when you're in Vegas.
My friends and I came here for dinner while in Vegas, and actually had a decent time. I'm generally hesitant when headed to a corporate chain restaurant, in fear of an over-priced and mediocre meal.

I guess Aaron Sanchez is the chef here? Honestly, the food was pretty decent. Our meals ranged from mac n' cheese, to the chicken sandwich, ribs, and jumbalaya. All was thoroughly enjoyed and savored. 

They didn't have live music playing when we were there, but they did have music playing in the background. The vibe is pretty modern, upbeat, and fun. 

Not bad! I was pretty impressed.
I ate here twice while I was staying at Mandalay Bay.  In the evening I had a Juicy Lucy, I found two hairs on my plate.  The fries were soggy.  The food was bland.  Despite my bad experience I came here again the next morning and got an Eggs Florentine because we had free gift cards to eat here.  The English Muffins were stale and our waiter forgot to bring us silverware.  We also ordered two drinks that our waiter forgot to bring us even though they showed up on the bill.  If you are staying at Mandalay Bay, I recommend eating someplace else.
Why on EARTH would Chef Aaron Sanchez put his name on any of the food at this restaurant?! Horrible! Tasteless! Don't waste your time on dinner. Perhaps as a music venue it is OK, but the food was disgusting. I ordered an appetizer of chicken wings. Sure the crunch was spot on but it was under salted and spiced. The chicken itself tasted like worn out shoe leather. I followed this by one of Chef Sanchez's signature dishes - a half rack of ribs. One bite into it and I was sorely disappointed. The ribs must have been steamed or boiled. It too was flavorless. To cover this up, it was slathered with a sauce that tasted like ketchup with hints of cayenne. This is not at all what I expected from an Adobo sauce. It was just straight up YUCK! I had it all packaged up to take back to my hotel and was SO angry I tossed it in the garbage as I walked back to my room. Shame on you Aaron Sanchez. Either take your good name off such horse-menure food or fire your executive chef and get someone who knows how to make it the way you intended it.
Sat for 20 minutes before anyone came over.  Wife asked for a salad with no Bleu cheese.  Of course, covered in the stuff when it came.  We were in a group, and didn't want to delay everyone, so cancelled the order.  The waiter apologized and offered a free dessert to which we agreed.  25 minutes later, no dessert, no waiter.  He finally comes and we tell him if the dessert hasn't been submitted yet, we will pass on it as well.  He said, ok, sorry, indicating he had never put in the comp dessert.  We got a bag of chips on the way to the room.  Terrible service.
The food we did get was good and the manager has since contacted us personally to apologize and send us something to make up for it.  I'll recommend this place now because I'm pretty sure it was a bad one-off situation and they do care about their customer's experience.
Took an hour to get our food and did not even have silverware until after we got our food. It was not busy. 

Two stars because the manager compensated us greatly for the inconvenience. Food was good one we got it and the manager hooked us up afterwards.
I've seen Brand New here and it was one of the best shows I've seen at any House Of Blues venue. I don't know if its the fact that you are on vacation, seeing one of your favorite bands, or what it is. But I have had other not so pleasant experiences when planning a vacation and seeing a concert at the same time. Here however, I had a very good experience.

It didn't hurt that this venue isn't far from the Urban Outfitters upstairs so you can go shopping while you wait for doors to open for the show you are going to see. There food is also really good here. I know they have happy hour and there deals are really good for that but I've never experienced it. 

I've only been here when there has been a concert going on that I had tickets to. I do like the quietness of it. It is located inside the Mandalay Bay which is rad. It is rare for me to go to shows at a venue that is in a hotel, so this was a fun experience, being that it was different. The liveliness of the hotel gives it the perfect energy for a place like House Of Blues.
You should know you can do bottle service and get a table for a show, but decide that before you buy your first round. One vodka cran = $13. Bottle of Skyy vodka and a table is $200+tax and they go up from there. In fact, you should PREGAME in the casino or in your room if nothing else. $13 is crazy to me, for a vodka cran. I pay half that in GA (different worlds).. and it's especially wacky since right outside the venue in Mandalay Bay you sit at a machine and start getting your drinks free.  PREGAME.

Despite that, the staff is super nice. Natalie behind the bar is excellent, and the girl who handles the bottle service is also very sweet. 
I haven't been to any House of Blues in quite a while, and this was definitely my first time at this one. The venue is pretty awesome.  It feels like a short distance from the stage to the back of the room, and the "pit" area is lower than the surrounding bar area, so it feels like most spots give you a pretty good view. Fairly easy access to the bars even when it was as packed as it was gonna get all night, although I'm sure it's not always easy. And if you care, the curtain on stage was suuuper cute. It was a patchwork quilt that I just wanted to curl up in.

There's a second floor/balcony seating, but they didn't seem to be allowing many people up there while we were there.  The stairs were blocked off at the main entrance, and we were not sure why, or who was already up there, but you could see a crowd. 

This particular show - The Neighbourhood and Kitten - was All Ages.. which was weird to me. So there were a ton of teens, including the ones standing in front of us whom at first I was hoping would leave to go to the bar (before I realized they were probably underage). There are plusses, though, to sharing a concert with so many under-21s: Less people at the bar, and I can see over the whole crowd!
Just left The Dan Band show at house of blues.  Unfortunately we didn't get to see the show, we went at ticket time and gave up after 1 and 1/2;hours.  Overcrowded with big vip all u can drink section empty.  They are getting $24 for 2 cans of PBR.  Can you say gouging?
Had breakfast here on a Tuesday morning. Yummy, quick, great service, reasonable price.  Definitely will go back.  Ham & cheese omelet was great.
Came here to see "The Dan Band". First time here and did not know they had a venue down stairs. I did not see an elevator so if you cant handle stairs this may not be for you. Love the décor. Its got a feel of old time stuff with an upgrade. Its kinda small but, have 3 areas with bars. Before we went in the security wands you and they check the purses and anything that is in pockets. I had a bottle of water in my purse and I had to throw it away. 
When we got inside we did just order bottle water (wasn't in the mood to drink) and that cost was $11.00. They do serve food such as street tacos. pizza etc. It smelled good but, did not try anything we ate before coming. 
It was very crowded we were on the stage floor waiting for the show to start and it got so packed like we were sardines and yes you did get bumped with people squeezing thru.
But the show was really good. Dan was good with his two older back up guys and he kept the audience entertained.
We went to House of Blues for the Gospel Brunch, which happens on Sunday mornings and we were really happy to find so close to our hotel. After getting our tickets, we went to our table, which was at the end of a long table that was filled with gentle older ladies. When we set our bags at the table, the nice ladies said to us sternly, "This is our table. We came with a group." After showing them our tickets and that the seat numbers indicated that we sat there, the dear old women declared, "No, our friends are going to sit there." I asked to see their tickets, saw that they were not our seats, and explained to the pleasant old folks that their seats were different from ours, and they scowled at us and snapped, "There's more people in our group and they're our friends and they're sitting there. We have the whole table." By this time, a group of people heading to the buffet were gathering around to witness and smirk at the elderly ladies' bitter senility, but my girlfriend and I were getting kind of sick of it. That was when a server, Kristy (sp? she had red and blonde hair), came and tried to help us. Seeing that these rusty old dinosaurs refused to listen to reason, she offered us other seats, actually VIP seats, and gave us free cocktails ($10 each). Kristy the server took what was going to be a big disappointment from the decrepit, walking bags of bones at our table to a really enjoyable show with our own private seats at a much better location. Thanks Kristy for saving us from the crypt!
Please don't come to this place!
We did not get to try our meal and we walked out of it!
Rude hostesses, very bad attitude. Said we had to wait for a table when the place was empty. 
Then one of them walked us to our table which was a very small two-top. 
We asked to ne moved to one of many empty (and some of them dirty) four-tops next to ours and she rudely declined saying that there was a waiting list for those tables when clearly there was none!! Really??
Bottom line terrible hostesses!!!
I went to this location about a month ago on a first date. The girl that I was with wanted to go somewhere with live music, so while we were at Mandalay Bay, I quickly yelped this location. 

The music was pretty good, the singer was singing mostly country songs. I am not a fan of country music, every song sounds the same and its always about failed relationships. Anyways, my date loved the music there, and I loved many interesting things about country music from her. So, it was educational, but I still hate country music. 

I ordered their pasta with bolognese sauce, and she got their thai shrimp salad. The food was below par for the quality and prices. The pasta was tasteless and had a bitter flavor in the meat sauce and the salad barely had any dressing in it and the shrimp was bit chewy. We were not happy with the food, but the atmosphere and music seemed to be the main attraction. Also, the prices are pretty reasonable, so if you are at their bar for drinks and live music than this place is pretty good.
Came here for a Bastille concert, the venue is what you expect to hold 500 or so ppl. There's a seats upstairs and tables through the place. Place is clean and they had a nice bar to buy some drinks. The concert was great but that's a different story. Overall, a nice concert venue. It can get a little crowded but that's expected.
Went here last night  after  along drive from California and a few hours on the casino floor. The server and service was fabulous and fast. Our young girl server was super nice and kept up with everything. The atmosphere was also well designed and comfortable, not loud and quite pleasant. My GF and I shared the Grilled Sword Fish, The fish was cooked improperly. It was so Salt water fishy tasting and rubbery we couldn't  finish. The appetizers saved the night and were outstanding. "Or server recommended Shrimp over Corn Bread with a reduced sauce, this was to die for and would recommend. Then we ordered the Buffalo wings, these also were nothing to rave about. The sauce was not to tasty, I've had better wings from Costco out of a bag and cooked in an oven. My son had the Fish Taco's, he ate them so I'm assuming they were ok, he's not much for opinions. His GF had a Bacon wrapped meatloaf. She had all of us try her selection as she was cracking up on the taste. We all came to the same conclusion that the Meatloaf tasted like a "Slim Jim" Jerky. I'm guessing we are not going back soon and will try another restaurant for dinner.
Great venue once Inside.   Lines are absurd (hour or so at doors open time) Tonight's show was an hour. ... disappointing for the money spent
We had a great night eating at this restaurant prior to seeing mastodon. The server was a very nice gal. Even though my order came out wrong he immediately fixed it. The food was delicious!!! We had the jambalaya, house of blues salad & veggie flat bread. Again, service was great & food was excellent! The only thing I was displeased with was that I feel that they should offer more vegetarian options. They have maybe 2 & 1 of them is a salad. Other than that the atmosphere is nice & food quality was as expected for the price.
Flew in for Mastodon and Gojira and I've gotta say this place is a BEAUT
Vaulted ceilings , one spectacular chandelier  centered above the main floor
Love this place 
Only gripe I had and actually was NOT expecting was the 14 dollar tallboys 
A 2 dollar can of Pabst ..14 bucks 
C'mon now 
As stated previously , in many reviews I'm sure , pregame before you show 
Tho I have to say , thee bartender did make an outrageously good AMF , probably the best I've ever had 
Quality over quantity ..this rule does not apply to Pabst lol 

Oh, by the way 
The show was KILLER
Soundguy was perfect
The best experience!! Great food, thx u Chef Aaron Sanchez for a new menu!! Great service Suzie Q!!! Excellent personality! She'd be a great manager! We will try House of Blues in Anaheim next!! Super excited!!
It was my first time enjoying a show at the House of Blues.  It's located in Mandalay Bay Casino and very easy to find.  Attached to the venue is a restaurant which has live music acts as well! 

To get to the main level, you take stairs down to where the bar, seating and general admission floor is.   There is also a second level with seating that looked comfy!  It's a smaller venue but I think that's what I love most about it.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house.  The sound acoustics were great to really get a feel for the show.  Fabulous!

I can't wait to come back for another show in this fantastic venue! Enjoy!
I've been here a few times now, all of them for metal concerts (Dimmu Borgir and Mastadon) and I can say full heartedly that I'm a fan of this place. The venue is easy to find from Mandalay Bay's parking garage. Just go into the casino, proceed past the Light Nightclub and enter the casino floor. Turn your head left and TA-DA! Huge lights saying "House of Blues." So let's get to the main part of the review.

Venue: The venue is actually quite small in terms of stages. It has an upper floor with seating for other shows besides for concerts, but I'm rating it strictly as a concert venue. The floor is surrounded by a bar area, so drinks are easily accessible at any time. As far as concerts go, I prefer smaller venues to bigger ones because they seem more intimate. Being able to feel "close" to the band as they perform no matter where you are is pretty neat. That means you won't miss a beat! (Haha, music joke) They put up guards at the front of the stage during concerts, as do most places and they actually make a really good place to lean on between sets if you are lucky enough to be in the front and don't plan on moving anytime soon. It is also nicely decorated. I love the chandelier that they have, in the middle of the place, the tinted glass windows and the whole vibe the place gives off. It makes a great rock band venue. 

Service: The people that work here, from the times I've been there are nice and personable. I mean, come on, it's hard not to be when you get to see free shows, right? Right. In any case, booze is always easily accessible. The cool part is that during concerts, if you are one of those lucky people against the guard rail right in front of the stage, a waitress comes around between the guard rail and stage to take drink orders so you don't have to move. BONUS! I didn't get anything to drink though, because drink prices in venues scare me. To rich for my blood. The actual people in charge of watching the event let you have a little fun, but do the appropriate thing when bad stuff goes down. They also help crowd surfers. 

This is a great place to go see a concert, especially if you are a rock fan. The mood, atmosphere and small venue make it easy to mosh, drink, and/or enjoy yourself. If you know somebody coming to Vegas and feel like going to the show, hopefully you get lucky and get the House of Blues. :)
The Gospel Brunch was excellent. Despite mixed reviews on other sites, we found the food to be excellent, the talent amazing and the energy uplifting.
Not sure how it goes down in other city's house of blues gospel brunches but the 15+ Vegas performers were spot on. We'll worth attending.
House of Blues Gospel Brunch @Mandalay Bay: thank you for ruining both my appetite and my Mothers Day.  My husband purchased tickets for us to attend the first seating of the Gospel Brunch on May 11. We arrived on time at 9:00 only to stand in line for 20 minutes just to get in the door. We were not seated until 9:30, at which point the venue was clearly overcrowded and overbooked with lines of people, tables that were too close together and wait staff that were nowhere to be found.

I decided to sit down to try and wait for the food lines to die down with no avail.  I was one of the last people in line in the traditional food area. Imagine my disgust as  I and a number of people in line discovered that the plates stacked on the table to self serve ourselves buffet-style were actually a stack of used filthy disgusting dishes with old food on them. Every other plate had stuck on food, wet slime and garbage on it. Not sure how such a gross error can be made with a huge catering event...I have been on many cruise ships with 20 times the amount of people served and have never experienced anything like this in a dining establishment in my life. 

I proceeded to take some pictures of the filthy dishes and went to find a manager.  As they looked for the person in charge a couple of bartenders were actually laughing when I told them what happened. I'm not sure what part of a potential outbreak of foodbourne illness is funny. I'm sure the Nevada Department of Health will agree  with me when I call them first thing Monday morning.

One of the busboys was very kind and actually came up stairs to the ticket office and appeared to be genuinely sorry about the whole thing. The on site manager was nice enough but didn't seem too concerned that many other people eating from that buffet line were eating off of dirty plates. What was supposed to be a lovely Mothers Day turned into a nauseating experience. Our money is slated to be refunded  to our credit card but honestly I was so sick to my stomach that I couldn't eat till much later in the day and didn't care about the money at that point.

Please people, be aware of where you eat. Scroll down to another Yelper who posted a similar review of the exact same brunch only 3 weeks ago.
Shout out for our waitress Susie Q!! She took care of us for dinner, drinks and Karaoke.....moving us to the front table! Definitely at the top of our list for our next visit and we will want Susie to take care of us!
One to two stars, got the Jambalaya:

Marinated chicken, white rice, andouille sausage, sweet peppers and roasted green onions in a spicy traditional jambalaya sauce

Wasn't:
Spicy
Evenly Heated

Had:
Delicious sauce
A lot of Rice

*Even BJs has a better Jambalaya with more stuff.

Waiter was nice, split all the checks for us, she asked. (A party of 12)
We went to the kareoke night on Fridays at 10. It was so fun.  We danced the night away.  Our server, Susie Q, was amazing.  She went above and beyond for my friends and me.
Wow-one of the best breakfast opportunities in Vegas. Great heart healthy options too. Terrific service by Katie. We be back this week!
Went there for a quick bite and had the buffalo chicken wings and pulled pork sliders.

The chicken wigs tasted old, dry and chewy. The sliders were dry and didn't taste great.

The waiter was nice but the food is terribly bad, even the coleslaw was awful!

Will not get back!
Went to see Lindsey Stirling. The ticket wasn't clear enough that the seat was on the 3rd floor and it's almost impossible to have a direct sight toward the stage, instead you give up and watch the screen. Luckily we were able to secure the front row but still, there was a big pillar in between.

The concert was fun, but the venue - not so much.
Best breakfast of our trip, thanks to the honest input of our server. After we ate, she took us on a tour of the performance area and VIP spots.
I paid for TPain tickets and I had to endure and hour and 30 minutes of whack a** bands... I definitely would not have purchased the tickets if I woulda known that the opening acts would be almost the whole show. Will not do this again.
I came in for breakfast on a Friday morning. The super fuel omelet was good. The hash browns I could not eat, they tasted like cheap margarine. They serve Peets tea. They don't include any cream or honey with their tea. The service was ok at best. The waitress forgot to get my toast and do I reminded her, they brought the toast but no jam with it and  charged me for the side of toast. 
One of the servers had so much facial hair with a big moustache and long full chunk of a beard that I was worried his hair will fly into my food. The atmosphere is lively with a theatrical tv playing the world cup and some people were cheering. The layout and theme of this place is very unique and charming.
I stopped in here for breakfast while staying at The Mandalay Bay. Breakfast was fast and great ! The mini waffles were warm inside and crunchy on the outside (addictive). I had eggs, toast and homefries, guest had the steak and eggs. Everything was cooked perfect . I would definitely recommend.
We went here to see the Dan Band. As Vegas locals, we scored free tickets so that was awesome.  The place was really hot at first, almost as if the air condition wasn't on. Eventually it got a little cooler. We were in the standing room section so it was a little uncomfortable & crowded, but I guess that's expected. We ordered our drinks directly from the bar. They were well made drinks but very expensive!
OMG, avoid this place unless you like being frisked and wanded like at the airport. This is a concert venue not the friggen UN. I wont be back not for the frisk down not for the free tickets, and not! for the $16 dollar beers. Oh lest we forget the obnoxious blue laser lights that hit you in the eyes in this standing room only venue where the headlining cover band has an opening act  which in this case for the Fan Halen band was terrible. So I stood for one hour trying to find a non blinding corner or spot to hang out waiting for very late musicians to take the stage. I cant blame the bands, its probably the club trying to get people to buy super inflated drinks and yes suck more cash out of people before the show ends. Sorry I don't subscribe to the goping broke blind and deaf business model while you greedy club owners get to drive home in Ferraris Maserati's and Bentleys at my or other peoples expense. I call it like I see it.
The Mac and cheese is GREAT. If you like M & C at all... just trust me and try it.
Overpriced applebees! very slow service took over 45 minutes to receive appetizer. They were out of plates to serve our meal which was burnt chicken over penne pasta for $17
Nice place to see a concert. 
There are different areas for the general admission tickets to watch. The main floor, left or right side of the stage and in the rear of the venue. Three large bars wiTh specials on beers and well drinks is always a plus. Sound quality is excellent and the staff here is very friendly.
Went to see Strange Days, the tribute band for The Doors that have Robby Krieger as the lead guitar. !! Band was awesome. We sat in the balcony and had a great seat. The drinks are very expensive so take that into account before you get there as you can't bring any drinks in from the casino. I did smell mother nature half way thru the show which was appropriate for the mood that night. Had a great time !!
Street Tacos. Not exactly from a taco bus, it had cheese on it which I should of had omitted just to keep with authenticity but sometimes I just want to try food they way it's on the menu. I ate all 3 of them and had a bite of the blue cheese burger if there is one. Otherwise I guess I forgot what that was. Thumbs up from this little eatin' machine.
Really great service. I had the classic bleu salad and it was delicious. Very simple and some what on the small side but that's what I wanted. I'll also note that I didn't finish it so if you're looking for something small but filling in Vegas get it. The bacon was very tasty. I was worried I wouldn't enjoy it coming from Canada ( high standards on bacon LOL I KID ) My friend really loved her buffalo chicken salad but the portion size was a little on the large side for her. The waiter made sure to fill my water up every time it was almost gone leaving me now thirsty. I give this place five stars!
Great place to grab a beer and get out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  I think I am over the casinos and welcomed something a bit different.
Gospel brunch is a lot of fun, food pretty good and the choir is WAY more entertaining than Britney Spears!!!!!!
Since we were staying at Mandalay Bay, HoB was a convienient place to have breakfast. 

The options for breakfast were good, and go with the atmosphere of the restaurant and music venue. As a group we ordered blueberry pancakes, omelettes and hash browns. Overall, everything was OK, but lacked any real flavor. The chorizo was more like ground hamburger, and lacked any kind of spice. The blueberry pancake was good, but the maple butter it came with didn't taste like maple at all. 
I know its cheesy, but I really did expect a menu from Aaron Sanchez to be more flavorful. 

The service and atmosphere were great, and made up for just so-so food. 

I also liked the gift shop at the entrance. The cashier was really friendly and helpful, and let us know what kind of live music was scheduled for the next few days.
Went got the Gospel Brunch - worth checking out. All you can eat brunch with emphasis on Southern specialties, i.e. Chicken & Waffles! The food is worth the cost of admission alone. Music & entertainment were good. Only low point as the mimosas, seemed weak & warm. Still worth checking out!
Gospel Brunch was a great time with good food and great service. Choir was amazing. 
Whole family enjoyed it.
I would rate this place a 5, but it gets pretty noisy. It was difficult to hold a conversation with my date. But, when my entree was served, I no longer cared. I ordered the slow-roasted maple duck (or something like that) and every bite was more and more delicious (dare I say orgasmic?). I savored that bird, piece by piece. My date had the ahi tuna. It was good, but it didn't compare to the duck - which was the first time I had ever tried such an entree - sprinkled with fresh peppercorns!

I'd like to go back soon. I've had duck other places, but it just doesn't compare. Would I order anything else if I went? Probably not. The duck was JUST that spectacular.
Visiting from SF for Spring Training we ended up at Trader Vic's one evening.  'Stupid' you might think since we do have one in SF.  But, we do not have hot weather in SF and a Trader Vic MaiTai is best consumed in 80 degree plus conditions!!!  Service, drinks, appetizers all get five stars.  The meal of my two companions also receive five stars.  Unfortunately, I ordered the Fire Roasted Scallops.  The dish was uber-spicy and I couldn't finish it.  That gets zero stars.  But DAMN those MaiTais are good!!!
Last night my boyfriend and I went on a double date with some friends at Trader Vic's. I have been dying to try this place ever since it opened at the classy Hotel Valley Ho. I called ahead and made us reservations as I have heard it is a hot spot at night. Once I got there I saw that reservations really aren't necessary during the week. Although Trader Vic's is a very nice restaurant there is an undeniable fun and relaxing vibe to go with the Polynesian theme. Perfect for women who love to wear diamonds with their jeans! The bar is especially interesting with walk out patio that features comfortable seating as well as a zen area where you can sit in the sand. Speaking of the bar the founder of Trader Vic's created the Mai Tai so my boyfriend gave one a whirl and I had a refreshing no Tai Mai Tai: the under twenty one girls best friend. Between us we tried the mahi-mahi, bacon wrapped scallops,and fried rice with shrimp, pork, and chicken. Everything was delicious. An added bonus is the on display chef who you can watch prepare your food. The coffee flavored creme brulee was also an interesting treat. I really enjoyed the ambiance of Trader Vic's and I would definitely keep it in mind for special occasions!
So, entering Trader Vic's I immediately loved the decor and the lighting was amazing.  I really got lost in the music finding myself wanting to fall asleep in the hanging canoes.  Instead, a waiter came by to get our orders.  I ordered the Green Goddess Salad partnered with the Filet of Alaskan Halibut, from their wood fired oven.  My other three dinning companions ordered the Maple Leaf Duck Breast, which was also from the wood oven.  The salad was all right, really nothing to rave about.  The dressing tasted a little fishy and got a little old.  My halibut arrived nicely tanned from the fiery oven.  The halibut was flakey, flavorful, and tasted better without the sauce that was made to accompany it.  The veggies left something to be desired and the lemongrass rice cake was a little hard to enjoy.  Two of the diners with me said there duck was good while another said his was gristly. Their fingerling potatoes were very good.  For the price, I did not taste the worth, but I really enjoyed the ambiance.  Our waiter and his helpers were very nice and were there to please.  Unfortunately, the food was not as good as the service and not worth the money.
I'd been staying at the Hotel Valley Ho for a week and had been hearing raves about this polynesian fusion restaurant right on the property.  Disappointed they didn't serve lunch, we came back for happy hour and drinks one evening. 

It was finally sunny so we sat outside.  It was still a bit chilly, so we asked the bartender to start the heat lamp and he didn't mind at all.  He was super friendly and super helpful and didn't mind our gazillion questions about the menu.

We had the rum keg -- a punch made for four served in a ceramic island-style keg with 2 long straws.  Just the right blend of alcohols and juices without being too harsh or sweet or tart.  We were feeling pretty good after finishing this drink between the two of us.

We had the recommended chicken skewers (hawaiian sauce plus mangos/pineapples--TASTY), the beef egg roll (I'd pass on this.. just.. a weird mixture of flavors and textures), and the fried rice (my favorite of the three--you could taste the wok-fried flavor, and the mixture of meats, veggies, rice, and seasonings was actually quite perfect!)

4 stars for good relaxing atmosphere, great service, good tropical drinks, and good food.
This is a nice place to take a date to or a girls night out.  The drinks were potent but tastey.  The food was full of flavor & the service was awesome.  All in all I would go back...I would give it 5 stars but was turned off by the prices vs the portion of food you get.  Great for chics with small waste lines.
The best atmosphere around. This is one of the classiest places to hang in old town.

The outdoor bar area is simply amazing... as is the bar area in general. The Tiki style drinks are soooooo good and a refreshing change of pace.

I have not eaten in the restaurant yet... to be continued...
I love Trader Vic's in Scottsdale. I can be found late night at the bar chatting with the barmen like JK, Ken, and Steve.
They pride themselves on their dedication to the original and revised tiki and traditional cocktails utilizing all fresh prepped ingredients and mixers.

Try a Pisco Sour,  Ramos Fizz, or an Absinthe Frappe, in addition to the numerous tropical libations of rum and fruit. Kuddos to Bill Nassikas for bringing this 80 year old hospitality institution back to old town Scottsdale blocks from the original 5th Ave location. 

The Chinese oven smokes pork perfectly and they have the absolute finest fried rice in the state. If Vic Bergeron were alive, he would be checking out the Scottsdale Fembots at the pool at the Valley Ho..yeah Baby!

I highly recommend this swanky updated throw-back to relive the era of space age bachelor pad cocktailing. Ask for Steve, as a finer barman does not handle a jigger with a steadier hand in the Valley.
I know visiting a restaurant on Monday or Tuesday is a gamble, but you'd figure a international organization like Trader Vic's would get it right - right?

Not quite - well intentioned but amateur service diminshed our experience.  The food was good but not great and our waitress was friendly but lacked a professional attitude.  Dirty plates were left on the table, drink glasses cleared without an inquiry about another drink etc.   Would we try it again?  Probably, but not soon.
I thought Trader Vic's was very nice.  Food was very good.  Atmosphere was great.  Staff was very very friendly and fun.  They even gave me tons  of recommendations of places to eat in the area since I am new around here.  

I recommend the lamb.
It will probably only be a matter of time before the Scottsdale location closes, following in the footsteps of the San Francisco and Los Angeles locations.  The truth is, the food is probably well received by the Scottsdale and Phoenix crowd, however, in San Francisco, where quality expectations are much higher, the restaurant floundered and closed, shortly after a costly renovation of the former Stars building.

During our visit, I was so utterly disappointed in the meals and presentation, that I felt that I had to apologize to my dining companions for making such a poor dining recommendation, foolish me.  Outdoor dining in a sunny environment does not make the meal taste any better, though it does enhance the experience, which might explain my single star.

While a trip to the Valley Ho is worth a visit to check out the Mid Century Modern decor, I would sum up Trader Vic's Scottsdale as one big Poo Poo (Pu Pu) Platter.
The BF and I are really into Tiki; we even host a Tacky Tiki Gay Pride Brunch.  It should come as no surprise that Trader Vic's is right up our alley.  Dining at this establishment even affords us the opportunity to rock some Hawaiian shirts from our collection.

The atmosphere at Trader Vic's is impeccable.  It's a swanky combo of island and Mid-century Modern design that fits in perfectly with the Hotel Valley Ho vibe.  This place is Tiki with a hefty dash of class.

The Tiki drinks are excellent and the bartenders pride themselves on mixing with scientific precision.  There's a wide variety of drinks with something for everyone. Note that the glassware is specific to each drink at Trader Vic's.  Try the Mai Tai as Trader Vic's claims to have the "real" version.  Whether or not it's the original, it's very good.  If you're accustomed to a sickly sweet Mai Tai, then this one will be a revelation.  None of the Tiki drinks at Trader Vic's fall into the sickly sweet category, thankfully.  I like the Bahia, which is a shaken (not blended) version of a Pina Colada.  The BF really likes the Gun Club Punch that comes served in a ceramic tumbler designed to look like an oversized shotgun shell.  It's a blend of silver and dark rum with pineapple and lime juices along with grenadine and curacao.  Sometimes the BF will also order the Fog Cutter with silver rum, brandy and gin.  The Trader Vic Sling is also very tasty.  It's a combination of gin, sloe gin, cherry liqueur, lime juice, creme de cassis and grenadine.  Be careful of enjoying too many libations as it's easy to become a Tiki Drink Drunk at Trader Vic's.

For appetizers (or pupus in Tiki speak), the sampler platter that includes Barbeque Spare Ribs, Crab Rangoon, Crispy Prawns and Cha Siu Pork (from the Chinese Wood Fired Oven that can be seen in its own glassed-in room near the kitchen) is great for sharing.  The last few times we've been they've had a Firecracker Shrimp special that makes a great pupu to split.  The shrimp are stir-fried with fresh pineapple, bell pepper and lots of spice.  The whole thing is served in half a pineapple.

For entrees, the Apple Wood Bacon Wrapped Jumbo Sea Scallops can be sublime, but the last time I had them they were a bit over-cooked.  The slaw that comes on the side with the scallops is delicious.  The Calcutta Chicken Curry is very tasty.  The restaurant makes a big deal out of presenting all the extras (e.g., coconut, raisins etc.) separately for you to mix in for yourself.  The dishes they use for this presentation are cool, but it's a bit superfluous.  The BF has enjoyed the Maple Leaf Duck Breast.  The Fried Rice is also delicious and the Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi-Mahi is also tasty.  The Panko Onion Rings make a nice side dish for sharing.

We normally don't save room for dessert.  We tried the dessert sampler once, but there was nothing outstanding on it.

Prepare to give your AMEX a workout at Trader Vic's because it's spendy.  However, it's worth it.

Trader Vic's serves impeccable drinks and refined Polynesian food in a delightful setting.  Eating at this establishment is like being swept away to the best of Honolulu.  

Mahalo, Trader Vic!
The best reason to go to Trader Vic's is the drinks.  Rum makes an appearance in most of them and they're all kitschy and delicious.  Some are more alcohol-tasting than others, and the mai tais are wonderful. The coconut-looking glasses are a hoot.

As for the food, my four companions and I all agreed that it was overpriced for the quality.  I had the fried rice, which was good, but not really any better than what you'd get from a good Chinese restaurant. For the $20 I paid for it, I certainly expected that the shrimp would be of a bigger size than a quarter.  It was disappointing.  One of my companions ordered the salmon, which she said was good, but not necessarily any better than what she could have grilled herself.  We got the dessert sampler, as well.  The idea of 'a little of everything' is a great one, and more restaurants should do it.  However, the creme brulee didn't have that nicely fired crust on the top that it should have.

If  you're staying at The Valley Ho and want a quick stumble back to your room after too many Suffering Bastards, I'd recommend it.  Otherwise, I'm sure there are better restaurants in Scottsdale.  Go to Vic's for the drinks and dinner elsewhere.
The only reason to go here is for the drinks.. the drink menu is so much fun. The food however is pretty horrifying, think PF.. yep, seriously... not much by way of creativity or good flavor for that matter. I hate tiki tacky and this place is no exception.. more kitchy then anything.  I think they kept the decor from the last Scottsdale location in storage and brought it out for this place. Yuck!
After hearing Warren Zevon's "Werewolves of London" about 10 thousand times over the years where he sings "I saw a werewolf drinking a pina colada at Trader Vic's,His hair was perfect".   I was really had higher hopes for this place, but it's just a trendy theme bar/restaurant. 

Come here for the novelty of the drinks, and for the eye candy that's about it.   We didn't order dinner, just app's which were fine, nothing note worthy.

Service was good but there were two girls helping or fighting over us. One took our order and brought our food, the other girl checked up on us too and then closed us out, all while the other girl was staring her down.
I don't know why there's no love for Trader Vic's but there is more to this place than the drinks. 

The restaurant, started by a guy from San Francisco, is only in like 15 places around the world. Most of them are in the Middle East and we have one in Scottsdale, that's pretty kick ass. I had a friend who was stationed in Bahrain and they had one there, that's where she discovered it. She loved the drinks but she loved the fact that it was a little slice of home. 

When she returned, Trader Vic's was all she could talk about. So, as dorky as we are, we decided to eat at every Trader Vic's around the world. We've eaten at the one in Vegas and the one in Scottsdale. There are three in California we definitely have to go to. Phoenix/ Scottsdale should be proud to have one since most of them are overseas!

OK, for the food: We ordered Calamari and a salad to split as an appitizer, delicious! All three of us ordered the curry with tofu. Why? Because it comes with ten "fixins" you can pile on your curry. Golden raisins, coconut, sunflower seeds, and many more to enhance your curry. Very nice...fixins' are always good.

We didn't order dessert but we ordered hot buttered rum! By far, some of the best I've ever had. The greatest thing about the hot buttered rum is the glassware they use which can be purchased on their website. I may have to stock up.

This is not your typical chain restaurant, it much higher quality in service and food. It is a great place for groups and dates, alike. As a side note: there is a bar in San Francisco called Trader Sam's which has an eerily similar drink menu and history tidbit on the back of the menu...methinks it is owned by the same guy who started Trader Vics.
Why is everybody hating on Trader Vic's? It's dope.

Stop pretending you are too cool for delicious food, silly (yet awesome) tiki themed novelty drinks and uber friendly waiters. This place rocks your socks and you know it.

5 stars!
This place visually is gorgeous. The decor, the music, and the smells. I have been here three times and have both good and not so good things to say about it.

The Good: the service, the ambiance, the drink menu, great looking people, the bathrooms, the bread, the desserts are yummo !!!

Not so good: the amount of ice they put in the drinks, some of the food is not so great : example..we ordered the poopoo platter and the pork was dry that I didn't want to eat it and same with the ribs
I love Trader Vic's.  If I am lucky, I will visit all of them one day.

I am giving this place 4-stars although I think it should be closer to three due some bad experiences with the staff and food.

You can never go wrong with a mai tai here.  Always tasty.  One think I did notice was the first was weak but the others I had got stronger.  All of the bartenders were friendly and attentive.  I had the beef cho cho and crab ragoon.  Always good but the portions were much smaller than some of the other Trader Vic's restaurant.

I had ordered the rib eye steak and it was terriblly salty.  Makes me wonder if the beef was fresh?  I sent it back and ordered the filet migion.  That dish was perfect.  I went back a couple of days later and ordered the rib-eye again and this time it was perfect.

I believe the mai tais were $10 each.  They did have some cheaper drinks.  This Trader Vic's is not that bad as far as prices.  I have had mai tai's from Trader Vic's ranging from $8-12 each.  Just depends on the location I suppose.
Yeah, this place is REALLY good.

Trader Vic invented the Mia tai....so i had to try it, even though I hate Mai tai's.  It was pretty good, if you like Mai Tai's, your in for a treat.

My buddy and I ordered the duck and the lamb.  Both were excellent.  I also stared with the Bongo Bongo Soup, it is very much like a Lobster Bisque, but it is made with Oysters and Spinach.  My mouth is watering thinking about that soup, so so good.

Looking forward to heading back to this place again.
An empty restaurant is never a good sign so perhaps Gabi K, Jared M, and I should have found dinner elsewhere, but we decided to give Trader Vic's a chance. 

Our meal started off on a good note...
Attentive service, although then again we were the only people to really give attention to.  And we did enjoy the bread basket...although I could do without the bread with chunks of pineapple in it.

Gabi and I decided to share 2 entrees- both highly recommended by the waiter. In fact, he said they were 2 of the most popular dishes on the menu. What you ask? Hold your horses yelpers...I'm getting there! Macadamia crusted mahi mahi and some lo mein like dish topped with halibut.  Jared was eating his 2nd dinner of the evening so he decided to keep it light and ordered the won ton soup. And it turned out he ordered right because the won ton soup was apparently better than anything else that came to the table.

The mahi mahi and halibut (on top of the noodles) was beyond bland...it tasted like one of my flavorless weight watchers meals I make at home.  And it's really a problem when Trader Vic's cooks like the gal who burns pasta (yep, guilty of that last week). The mashed potatoes that came with the mahi mahi were decent, as were the noodles...but that was pretty much it.  Our bill came to $90- $90 too much!!

We skipped the drinks after having our fair share of them at the hotel bar beforehand, but if I ever have to come back to Trader Vic's (which I don't plan on) I'll have to mask the bland taste of their food with lots of their specialty drinks.
Not sure if we went on a really off night, but I was extremely disappointed with TV's.  As Andrea wrote below (damn her for writing her review before me), our bill came to $90 for dinner and it was $90 too much!

The waiter (Tyler I think) said that their version of pad thai with halibut was his favorite dish on the menu... favorite dish?  really?  it was pretty bland - nothing special at all!  We also went with the macadamia crusted mahi mahi - not so much - pretty bland as well.  The steamed asparagus was fine but how can you really screw that up?  I had a spoonful or two of Jared's wonton soup - that was actually decent... but not enough to bring me back.

Sorry, TV's - I won't be seeing you again anytime soon but good luck to you!
My Mom who is visiting Phoenix insisted we stop here after she saw the sign for T.V.'s - she had gone to the first (I think) Trader Vic's with her Mom in Chicago in the late 1960's and wanted to check it out. So it was nostalgia for her, she said the place had the same menu's she remembers 40 years ago and same polynesian theme.
I had the drunken geisha drink, it was good, my mom had some run conconction called the Fog Cutter that she liked, I also thought (as another reviewer here stated)  it had too much ice but she thought it was fine.
So I agree with the other reviewers, good for drinks, probably not for food - I only say this because I asked the server what she recommended for appetizers/food and she was very vague, didn't seem enthusiastic, but she was very specific what she recommended for drinks.
We just had our company party here. Trendy without being stuffy. Great drinks. Food was pricey.
I definitely need to raise the ratings on Trader Vics!  My boyfriend and I went here for the second time on Christmas Eve for happy hour and again, had an amazing time!  

When we came here the first time, our bill was over $200 so we thought we'd save ourselves some money and just check out the happy hour from 4-6pm Monday-Wednesday.  They have about 50 different drink concoctions and most of them were half off (so about $5-6) but not all of them. It's so fun trying different ones, they come in cool tiki-like glasses and are mostly rum concoctions and taste delicious.  We liked the Zombie, Suffering Bastard and Molokai MIke but I must warn you:  THEY ARE POTENT!  This turned into a "cab night" for us but that was after we walked to Coach House afterward...

For appetizers we ordered the Beef Cho-Cho, crab rangoons and the calamari.  The Beef Cho-Cho is sooooooooo good, it must be in some kind of plum sauce and you get to heat it up yourself with a hibachi.  Calamari is one of my favorite foods so I try it everywhere I go and it was very good here, the crispy kind and they didn't put any of the scary tentacled ones in there either that no one eats :-)  Good dipping sauces too...

I must prop out our waitress Brittany, she had great recommendations and was very enthusiastic and on point.  We were again very impressed with the staff there.  I definitely recommend Trader Vics (Home of the Mai Tai) and Hotel Vally Ho as well!
The place was quite busy for Christmas Day 2008.  And our bartender Nicolina was awesome!  She engaged in great conversation, and took care of us.  I witnessed a marriage proposal on the patio that evening (imagine the water feature in the background, the fire pit glowing), and that seemed to put everyone in a great mood.  We decided on having appetizers & drinks only that day  (since they did not have the full menu & were closing early).  It seems like a great place for happy hour and I would be back to try it for dinner the next time I visit Scottsdale.
As rib-eye and salmon freaks, we had an awesome experience at Trader Vics.  This was our first time.  Always drove by and wanted to go in.  Jerome and I went on a Tuesday night around 6:30 and were greeted and seated right away.  Lovely ambiance - music, decor...everything.  Drank Shirley Temples and ginger-ales.  They don't serve with a "gun".  Everything is from bottles the way it was in 1940's.  That was nice.

Had chopped ice burg salad.  All ingredients were fresh and the plate chilled.  Bacon was not as crisp as I'd have wanted.  But the dressing coating each chunk of lettuce was fine!  The blue cheese was soft and wonderful.  Wouldn't get it again.  I want to try the Caesar.  

The bread was awesome!  Loved the freshness and the onion and the vinegar/ginger tray for dipping.  The crackers were alright.  Interesting touch.

The waiter explained the oven and how they hang the meat in the HOT oven where they smoke the food and the flame never touches it.  I had salmon.  SOOOOoooooooooo good.  Looked like it might have been going to be dry, but not.  It was silky and so melt in your mouth good with the sauce it came on.  The pureed potatoes had just the right touch of spice.  So smooth.  The asparagus was perfect.  All on HOT plate.

Jerome had rib eye.  YUM!  We were wondering if it'd compare to Ruth's.  IT DID!  Such a generous cut.  The crispy edges, just the right salt and cooked medium rare just the way we like.  Tender and got better and better with each bite.  

Took home leftovers (and that bone to chew on later). 

Plan to go back again and to tell friends about.

Sorry so many of reviewers had poor experiences.  It is not a Chinese food place.  Lots of reviewers had Chinese sounding dishes.  Want to try the duck.  

Great service and $90 total for everything.  Pretty fair, we think, for two entrees and for the sides that came with the meat.  Fair portions.  Can't wait to go again.  Maestros is next on the list though.  Oh my...
We went to Trader Vic's on date night, left the kiddos at home. I can honestly say my kids would have done fine there, after reading the description on Yelp. Yes there are white teblecloths, yes there is stemware - but if your kids are well behaved & used to dining out - totally doable.

I was impressed. I enjoyed the food (sorry but I cannot rmember what I had, it was 10 mos ago!!), I enjoyed my cocktails & hot toddy's. I loved dessert. Our waiter knew her stuff.

The nostalgia really did me in, I LOVE that stuff! Makes a gal want to slide on red lipstick & a retro dress - it was a great atmosphere & I'm happy we tried it out.
Outstanding Service of some really exciting food served in a beautiful atmosphere.  My mahi mahi serving would not have been enough for a child, let alone an adult. Other 3 in party had enough, but mine was less than paltry.
As far as going to "hip" places, Trader Vic's in Scottsdale is a cool place.  

We rolled here on a Friday night while in the area.   On the night we went, there was a very cool salsa group playing in the outside bar.  (Salsa music and Polynesian theme???   I guess it's fusion....????)   Very fun. 

The outside bar is very cool in itself -- very comfy lounge chairs, fire pit -- beautiful Arizona sky above -- perfect temperature in March.   Drinks are a little pricey (i.e. a Mai Tai is $10, but, what you got to fund Vic's retirement income somehow, right)?   

The Mai Tai is the house specialty-- and after ordering one, you'll agree.  I personally mix up a stiff mai tai during the summer months, and believe you me--the bartenders at Trader Vic's KNOW how to do the Mai Tai.  I could slurp down about 4 of these in the hot Arizona air without even thinking about it.  Yum.....

The variety of drinks on the bar menu is incredible!  It's like beng in Hawaii.......some of the drinks are served in a fish bowl (like at "Sharkeez" in Southern California) with multiple straws.  Yeah, sure it's a little gimmickey, but it's fun.    That rum goes right from the bowl through the straw to your head in no time!  

It wasn't super packed when we went, and that is just the way I like it.   You could definitely tell the rum was working--everyone here was having a good time.  

If in the area, stop by for a drink.  Choosing between the variety of different choices of pineapple, rum, and , bourbon infused concoctions.....the best choice of the entire night might be to call a cab after you are done!!  Hic-cup!
Been wondering what all the fuss is about for ages.  Since we had spa treaments at Valley Ho, decided to ck it out.

Just so happens they started a new happy hour with $1, $2 & $3 appies - bonus!!  The ribs were good, pita & humus sure hit the spot, the pork shu wrap? was yummy, little burger & sweet potatoe fries cute.

I am so not a rum drinker, and all 50 (give or take) of their drinks are rum based - i think i did spy 1 gin drink & i zeroed in on the only vodka drink: their mai tai, (original version is with, yup: rum).  

Jason at the bar was extremely attentive, even though he was only filling in from his regular serving in dinning room.  

Overall it was fun, but since i am not into rum, not sure if it is my cup of tea, er, rum.  But for my 1 visit, it all went well.
Trader Vic's was a fun, kitschy, restaurant with an awesome drink menu (important when it's your bachelorette party) and yummy food.  The bread on the table was seriously delish.  I've noticed a foccacia theme in Scottsdale - it's heavenly.   The restaurant wasn't crowded at all for a Saturday, but we had 8:00 reservations... I hope that doesn't mean that it's not going to stick around.

The servers were very attentive and the portion sizes were hefty.  I left completely stuffed, but it was worth it...  Prices were pretty good too, especially for the asian-ish dishes.  

I'd definitely recommend Trader Vic's and would undoubtedly try it again the next time I'm in town.  Yum.
Included in my winning bid on a stay at Hotel Valley Ho was dinner for two at Trader Vic's. Now, I've been to the Trader Vic's here in the SF Bay Area for drinks and the pupu platter, but not a full meal, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.

What my friend and I experienced was fantastic food and incredible service! When we were seated I almost apologetically produced my certificate, which read "dinner for two, exclusive of drinks and gratuity." I asked the waiter if that meant just entrees, and he took the certificate, looked at it and said, "To me that means two appetizers, two salads, two entrees, and two desserts--the works." So that's what my friend and I ordered.

Actually we decided to forgo two separate appetizers in lieu of the pupu platter, which eased us into the whole Polynesian/Asian fusion experience. Well, those and our tropical drinks. So, as we were noshing on the spareribs, Crab Rangoon, and fried shrimp, we had a chance to start enjoying the atmosphere: lots of natural wood elements, tiki torches, and a glassed-in wood-fired oven in full view of the dining room.

My friend had ordered the oven-roasted fish special--I think it was something like coral grouper, which the waitress said had been flown in that day from Hawaii--and I decided to order the Filet Mignon Oscar (topped with lump crab and bearnaise sauce). Well, little did I know that I was going to see my filet mignon cooked in the wood-fired oven.

The oven, which is based on ovens used way back in the Han Dynasty--or so the menu says--is barrel-shaped and stands about 6 feet tall. There was one guy who seemed to be in charge of it, and he'd take whatever item was to be cooked, hang it from a long metal hook, and then hang the hook inside the oven. It was fascinating to watch him rotate the hooks as the items cooked and new ones were added to the oven. The poor guy must lose about 15 pounds a night in perspiration from the heat of the oven, but he's a master at what he does. My filet was perfectly cooked to a medium rare.

My friend's fish and my filet were delicious, and the portions were large. So large, in fact, that we didn't really have room for dessert. Instead we got our desserts to go.

On the way out, we stopped to take a peek at the bar and lounge. The decor was a combination of the tiki lounge and the mid-century modern influence of Hotel Valley Ho. It certainly looked like a great place to hang out for drinks with some friends. So, yes, I will definitely come back here if I'm ever in Scottsdale again.
I once went to a perhaps unsurprisingly now defunct Trader Vic's in Washington for happy hour and was impressed by neither the food nor the drinks - this is not that story.

An almost empty restaurant (making our reservation comic relief) excluding the bustling bar area (slightly after the end of happy hour) on a holiday despite a well-decorated hall brimming with Tiki kitsch should have given us an indication, but since I was there for a family dinner with a picky family and this was already a compromise location, it was a bit late to change course(s), and among the goods for which we bartered were:

- Cosmo Tidbits ($22): Enough fried and meaty flavors for three but nothing of note.
- Lamb Curry (~$27): A flavorless cream of lamb soup that would have made Campbell's proud as a special? I have no idea what the chef was thinking with this.
- Polynesian Snowball ($7): Coconut-encrusted vanilla with chocolate sauce done well.
- Chocolate Macadamia Nut Torte ($8): Adequate, appropriately sweet, but forgettable.

If I'd gone to Outback Steakhouse and paid commensurate prices, I would have been pleased with the results, and thus it might fare better for happy hour (despite a previous experience at another location) but for near Ruth's Chris costs I expect near flawless execution, especially on a special, the failure of which overshadowed the experience.

I can't decide if Victor Bergeron (the real life Trader Vic) was any or all of the following:

- A shrewd capitalist genius who traded pittances of mediocre food for large sums
- A C team stock trader who went long on 25% odds based on our dining experiences
- A victim of continued posthumous branding that has brought shame to his name
- A one-hit wonderquack who never surpassed or fully channeled his Mai Tai "invention"

However, I have decided that I am comfortable leaving this islander mystery unsolved.
Happy hour review, 50's pricing...I believe mon - wed 4-6 9 to closing. 

really cheap decent food, the duck tidbits were kinda of dry, but everything else was great. everything was priced from 1 to 3$. 

They have drink specials too that will put you on your ass after a couple. 

Really nice setting, upscale feel without feeling portentous.
Great happy hour...appetizers $1, $3, $5...deals on drinks, too.  Otherwise... pricey!
I had some visitors from corporate in town - one for our annual operations inspection, one to have a look at some of the tactical marketing we're developing in my region.  Anyway, they wanted to eat here so...

Here we were at Traders Vics.  The atmosphere is nice, island themed opulence and texturally pleasing.  We were greeted very warmly and sat in the bar for cocktails and a snack before dinner.  The drinks were tasty.  The appetizer "tidbits for two" varied from good to uninteresting.

We moved on to the dining room.  It was a Thursday night and the place was D ecidedly E mpty A nd D evoid (DEAD) of customers.  I tried one of the specials which was some sort of Thai inspired noodles with curry and some seafood and peanut and some mild pepper spiciness and...and...and...I frankly don't remember what it was supposed to be because it frankly wasn't anything.  Too many things going on, nothing made a big impression.  

The other diners apparently chose better because 2/3 of them were happy with their dinner.  Wait, if there were 4 of us and I wasn't thrilled and only 2 of the other 3 diners were happy that means that 2 of the 4 or 50% of the diners were underwhelmed.  Now if Trader Vic's had been traveling north on a train at 75 mph and had 160 miles to travel...wait I think I just had a flashback to sixth grade math.  

Ok, my bottom line impression of Trader Vic's - kind of cool atmosphere, interesting history (I think they were owned by Merv Griffin) and the food was average at a premium price.   Oh and the bathrooms were very nice.
Great dinner with a great friend last night!  We started with drinks in the bar - a Mai Tai and an Amarreto Sour - YUM!  Happily relaxed we wandered to our table where we began a delicous meal.  The restaurant wasn't crowded and we weren't rushed.  We started with the duck tidbits which were sweet and sour and crispy and fun.  They tasted great with the next round of Mai Tai's!  Our entrees were the curry chicken, which comes with all sorts of add-ons like currants and chutney and spices, and the duck mu shu, which was as luxurious and crispy as I had hoped for!  After another round of drinks we weren't sure we could handle dessert, but we shared a nice vanilla ice cream rolled in coconut and set in chocolate.  From about 8pm on there was a live band that was pretty good - they did a few covers that were really nice and it wasn't overwhelmingly loud.  

I had leftover duck to bring home and my friend had leftover curry to bring home.   Pricey, but overall it was a delicous meal, delicious cocktails and a relaxing place to dine.
I LOVE the Trader Vic's at the Beverly Hilton so the only reason I'm deducting a star from this one is because....it's not that one. That one's better.  But this one is still good. I was (and still am) considering collecting the little birds that come with one of the more froufrou drinks (can't remember which one), and marking them with the location and date until I have one from every location.  That would probably be the most fun thing to collect ever. But enough of the personal life aspirations, on to the review.

I almost don't want to say anything about the amazing happy hour because I'm afraid if word spreads too much it'll turn into Cafe Boa or basically any other place that has an amazing happy hour but only in the bar area so you end up packed like sardines in the eight foot space around the bar, while the rest of the restaurant is completely dead.  Seriously, why do places do that? It's really dumb.

Their happy hour rocks my world.  Food priced between $1 and $3. And these aren't wimpy little hummus dishes or chips and salsa. We're talking a quarter pound burger on ciabbatta bread with sweet potato fries on the side for $2. And they have it til SEVEN and they have it on WEEKENDS! The weekend drink specials are different, i think it's a wine and beer selection, but during the week it's $6 select signature drinks including the famous Mai Tai and my fav, the Navy Grog. I'm not sure of the exact ingredients but it definitely comes with rock candy in it so that pretty much blows my mind right there.

I've never been here besides for happy hour so I can't comment on the dinner dishes, but the happy hour food is good. The aforementioned burgers are actually really good! There's also crab rangoons, wings, spare ribs and a few other items.  We literally ordered "one of everything" once and our food bill was $18. Plus, I got to say "I'll take one of everything" which has kind of been a dream of mine for a while...

To summarize: Like the food, love the drinks, really love the prices. Can't wait to go back.

Oh I forgot to mention, all summer long they're doing half price bottles of wine Mon-Wed, all day.  It's like they can read my mind or something...
Love, love, love this place. Only gets 4 stars b/c the food is sort of pricey for what it is. The service is great, we even had our rehearsal dinner here and come back at least once a month. The staff remembers us and you can't beat the happy hour app specials.
This place is definitely overpriced for what it is. I knew it was expensive going in, but I thought the food would be much better. I am cool with paying 100 plus for 2 people for dinner if the food is very good, but that is not what I thought of my meal at Trader Vic's. 

I do think they have a cool drink menu and the ambiance is very different. It does feel as if you left Scottsdale when you are at this restaurant and went on vacation. I just wish the food was better for the price of this place.
It was a little tucked away but once I found Trader Vic's it was awesome. I had been to the one in Bellevue, WA before and liked the decor and vibe. This place was no different. Awesome with the masks, statues and whole Tahitian amosphere. A friend of mine was playing there so I went to see her band. They faced the dining room and were all in the dark. It was an odd place for the band since the bar part was packed and not so much the dining room. They didn'tj have Guinness which was a bummer but they also didn't have much of a beer selection aside from the Bud, Coors type standards. $7 for a beer was pricey I thought for Scottsdale. My friends had some yummy clam type soup and some generous portions for their entrees which they enjoyed. I had already eaten so I just drank. We tried a mixed drink that, the coke my friend had with his rum was flat and my ginger ale was flat too and tasted way too much like syrupy seven up. We sent them back but they came back tasting the same. I had asked the waiter to just bring me a shot of Captian Morgan neat but that ddn't happen. I would go back but perhaps try the happy hour for food as it was on the high side for dinner as were the drinks. The staff was nice and friendly. The drinks dept. get something that doesn't have soda with it.
It's the Tiki Room with Rum and less plumage.  A great way around the "higher prices" is to exploit the happy hour.  You are able to navigate several decent dishes, the better ones being the Duck and Ribs, at a price that won't affect your budget for your real trip to Tahiti.  Good ambiance even if most of the crowd is the cream of the superficial Scottsdale elite.

The only real complaint is typically the service.  Maybe in their effort to recreate the easy going vibe of the Pacific they instructed their staff to minimize their efficiencies.  We waited nearly 20 minutes from the time the waitress took our credit card to the time she sauntered back to the table with it.  No significant worries as the place had mellowed us far beyond really caring.
Although the wait staff was friendly, and it is where the Mai Tai was conceived, I was not overly impressed.   

Stepping into the tiki lounge was like what I could only imagine walking into Tommy Bahamma's living room would be like. Only it was  in the heart of Scottsdale.  The decor definitely met my expectations of a Polynesian luau doused in Rum, but the food lacked in creativity and inspiration.  

The food wasn't bad by any means, but for what it was, it was definitely overpriced.  As for the Mai Tai, call me a sissy la-la if you would like, but that thing is STRONG!  And not the good kind of strong... almost undrinkable strong.   The Chi Chi, Mojito  or Peach Tree, are much more drinkable options. 

All in all, a visit to Trader Vics, reminded me of the hawaiian luau restaurant at Disneyland...  fun environment, so-so food and a hefty bill at the end of the night.
Best happy hour deal in Scottsdale. Excellent appetizers for $ 1, $ 2 or $ 3 served between 4 - 6 PM Monday to Sunday!!! Drink specials are depending on the day you go there. The day I went we had a selection of cocktails for $ 6. Originally we had planned to just stop by for a drink and some appetizers and then go somewhere for dinner but ended up staying there as the appetizers and the drinks were great (and cheap). Service was attentive and flawless and the server engaged us in casual conversation and told us about specials etc. Couple of minutes before the end of happy hour she came by to ask us if we would like to order something else before happy hour ended. We sat on the patio as the temps are finally pleasant again and the ambiance and atmosphere were great. Already looking forward to our next happy hour at Trader Vic's!!!
I've been to a couple of Trader Vic's locations, and this one measures up. It's hidden on the Hotel Valley Ho property, but thankfully, it's a totally separate venue. Awesome drinks list, and the happy-hour specials were unreal ($6 HUGE tiki drinks, sizeable appetizer plates from $1 to $3). Our server wasn't quick, but all the other staff were totally on their toes.

If you go, the Suffering Bastard is a knock-out. Even more so than TV's famous mai tai!
I must admit, I've only been here for happy hour. However, I go for happy hour about twice a week. What can I say, when I find something I like--I stick to it. The happy hour changes daily. Sundays are my favorite--$5 glasses of wine, select speciality drinks, and specific appetizers are also offered at a reduced price. Thursday is ladies night (half off drinks for the girls all night). The drinks are expected--Trader Vic is famous for his rum concoctions and they are delish (and stroong). You can't go wrong with a Mai Tai but for something truly special, the Colonel's Big Opu is not to be missed.
 The food is what I crave though. The most expensive thing on the happy hour menu is $3. Sometimes, I order the whole kittencaboodle just to try and bit of it all. My faves are the hummus, crispy duck bits, and the burger (with sweet potatoe fries). 
 This is sort of an Old Town treasure than not many are hip to. I've never had a problem finding a seat and in general, most of the other patrons are staying in the  Hotel Valley Ho (next door).
 The lack of the 5th star stems from the often sluggish service. I'm never in a real hurry, but I often come starving and thirsty and I hate waiting for a server to have first contact. Once someone knows you're there, things unfold nicely.
we went to the happyhour at tv the prices are defenitly swingin $1,$2 and $3 apps the calamari was decent with a wasabi type dipping sauce portions are small but for the price decent. the duck tidbits were dry and unexciting the asian ribs were a nice portion and decent the best tasting app was the burger spicy toped w/slaw  and a $11 hearts of iceberg salad off the reg menu a few $11 martinis which for the price could have been a little more of a generous pour and one fruity cocktail for the wife and bam a $70 dollar bill. The setting is quite nice service was very friendly but a littlte laxed for as quite as it was.lots of other better places in the valley to go for cocktail hour
Went for happy hour Friday @ 4pm.  The place was nice and welcoming, we sat at the bar.  Drink specials for Fridays and Saturday's are $5 select Vodkas and one Rum.  I had two martini's, one dirty and one straight up, both were good.  The dirty could have been more dirty.  Husband got a mixed drink with the rum, still good. A little small, but I think the portions depend on what drink you order. Best just to ask the bartender and tell them what specifically you are looking for in a drink.  

Food came out very quickly.  Ordered the Calamari, skip that one next time. The Maui Burger, great! It seemed as if it was made with a little bit of sausage, not a bad thing, a unique taste that was refreshing.  Spareribs, also good. Tender.  Catfish taco was the winner.  They only give you one, order more than one. Hands down though, best flavor of the night. Can't be beat for $2.  We ate for $9 total and drank for $21 dollars, we were done in about an hour. It was a good happy hour.
Great food & killer drinks. Crazy rum drinks in big bowls that make you feel like you're in the tropics. The food is unique and very tasty. Great place to take a date. Fire pit outside and a really nice covered patio.
Trader Vic's is all about quality cocktails, and this location doesn't disappoint..at least much. My first choice was a Raffles Bar Gin Sling, which they couldn't do. I've had this same problem before, TV's needs to remove the drink from the menu if none of the locations stock the necessary ingredients. Instead I had a Scorpion, followed by a Samoan Fog Cutter. The Scorpion was great, the Samoan Fog Cutter had too much ice and the ice was too tightly packed. I've had the drink before, so I know it calls for a lot of ice, but if you can barely get your straw in the drink then it's a problem. I tried other drinks in the group and they were all good. The Mai Tai, Trader Vic's Sling, Suffering Bastard.. It's just that my Samoan Fog Cutter could've been better, and it's annoying that they couldn't do the Raffles Bar Gin Sling.

We were there on a Saturday afternoon so none of the classic drinks were on Happy Hour. And we had come from another restaurant, so we weren't really that hungry. We did get a couple items from the HH menu, I think we got the "Crispy Calamari", "Tomato Basil Bruschetta", and "Crispy Chicken". These were all fine considering the $1-3 price tag. The Bruschetta wasn't that impressive, but it was only $1, c'mon people.

To sum up, Trader Vic's Scottsdale is a great spot. Would be even better during the weekday HH when most of the specialty drinks go down to $6 each. The location inside of Hotel Valley Ho is also appropriate, fits the TV aesthetic perfectly.
I have been anxiously awaiting my trip to Trader Vic's! I have driven past the place many times on my way to Scottsdale and always mention how I want to go. I finally did it... for a girl friends birthday. 

It was fairly dead, it was a Monday night mind you, but still, not much going on, it was kinda nice having the place virtually to ourselves, so we don't have to feel bad when we sang at the top of our lungs "Happy Birthday." 

We were there mainly for dinner so I was unable to par take in the oh so wonderful happy hour in the bar area only that I have hear so much about. Next time for sure though... stay tuned for an update!... The dining room is set up nicely, plenty of room so you don't feel like you are sitting on top of the table next to you. The server was very nice, explained the specials and the history for us quickly then left us to pick out some wine and entrees. PS: Sunday - Wednesday's are half priced bottles in the dining room! Heck yes! 

Everyone's food looked great. I shared the Passion Fruit Glazed Chicken and the Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi-Mahi with a friend, we couldn't make up our minds. It was a great choice because both are fabulous! 

Other than the heated political conversation that sprouted up mid dinner, everything was great. I would like to give this place 4 stars but I would have liked it to have been a little bit busier and been able to get the fun happy hour drinks in the dining room. I will return and follow up and hopefully be able to add another. 

So, great place for dinner, but please leave political convos for a different time and place. The dinner table is not the place.
Carl's Junior talks about its five dollar burger.... Let's talk about Trader Vic's and its three dollar Maui burger with sweet potato fries during happy hour. All of the flavors melted together in perfect harmony.... the sweet potato fries were crinkled and perfectly salted.... Calamari was well liked (super light batter!!) 

Nice atmosphere and very accommodating hostess. 

If barrels of alcohol are your thing with long straws that could poke your eyes out then this is your mecca...I love their drink names and the fact there is little or no explanation of what they are (guessing game!)..... 

for us non alkies we had a coral reef which was like a coconut mango and strawberry smoothie.... a little sweet but everyone needs some sweetness in their lives... 

yes... it is a chain but considering we were low budgeting the food today it was a perfect way to end the day.
This review is for their Happy Hour.

My friends and I were winding down Saturday evening and thought Trader Vic's would be a great place to have a drink.  We sat outside in the lovely patio surrounded by bamboo and a crazy looking tiki in the corner that looked like he had been scared half to death.  Still, it was a nice relaxing setting.  Our server was very accomadting and immediatly brought to our attention that we had 20 more minutes left for Happy House.  SCORE!  Quickly we looked over the menu and she took our orders.  At $3 and $5 per dish the appetizers are a steal!!  Their signiture drinks are not Happy Hour prices but there is something for everyone on the menu.  One of my friends had the burger with sweet potato fries and said it was awesome.  The rock shrimp and crispy chicken skewers were very good too.  The prices here cannot be beat.  All in all it was a lovely way to end the day....but wait.....Happy Hour starts again at 9pm.....hmm......should I stay or should I go......
Warning: The following review contains crude language, unsavory imagery and content for immature audiences. Continue to read at your own squeamish risk.

Let's talk about two words - Butt Pee. It's usually a surprise, right? Never welcomed. Intimidating. Stops you from proceeding with daily outings and god forbid - going to work because of the unknown possible outcomes. It's usually accompanied by mild to vicious nausea and maybe stomach pains but definitely some tummy rumblin'. (Minus one STAR)

That was my day Post-Valentine's morning. An hour spent in the bathroom peeing out my rear. As I sat on the toilet afraid to move, I pondered coffee enemas, raw-ish fish and what I would tell my new boss if it came down to not being able to make it to work later.

How did this all begin?

My Most.Awesome.Love.of.My.Life took me to Trader Vic's @ Valley Ho for what threatened to be a very romantic Valentine's Day dinner. M.A.L.M.L. made reservations like a good man and we got there a little late due to his inability to grasp geography and its many offshooting directions. No worries, they hadn't given our reservation away, which if they had, would have cost My Love 50 bones, he confided in me later that evening. WTF?

We were led to our reserved table near the patio but chose to sit outside instead under the requisite restaurant heaters AZ is infamous for. The Décor is pretty bad ass. Very Polynesian and oh so fun to look at. I sat next to a big Easter Island-like Tiki head. There are tiki totems everywhere, and fatty bamboo shoots and just the whole experience, peeps.

So I order the Pink Kamaaina ($9) that comes with a souvenir glass with what looks like a cupid-like version of Mario from Mario Brothers on the glass carrying a bucket of hearts. Weird. What has that got to do with the Poly - theme? Is that supposed to be Trader Vic, himself?

Splurging (on calories and My Love's budget), I opt to do all courses today. For an appetizer, I choose the Seared Walu and Taro Root. Now I don't know what the heck a Walu is and for some reason my brain only focused on the Taro Root part. We love anything Hawaii, so I ordered it. He ordered the Thai Soup. Well, folks, Walu is a fish. And this fish came to me cooked as the dreaded 'S' word which translates (I mean really) to "Damn Near Raw, ya' sissy!". Ewww...gross. It looked like pork chops on my plate and I asked the guy what it was and for a brief second he seemed confused and I said, "I didn't order any meat" and he said did you order the Seared Walu? And I thought for a moment. I guess I did. I was so woozy from all of the V-Day activity that I hadn't realized that I'd ordered meat. Well, fish...meat.

Let me say that I am not quite a Vegetarian but ALMOST. I eat fish occasionally but that's it. My goal is 100% Veg. So I don't freak cause, well, it's fish. The DAMN NEAR RAW part, however, was unacceptable. I ate 1.5 pieces and gave up. M.A.L.M.L. ate a bite's worth and fought to choke it down. We moved on, deciding I would cook it later. The sauce on it was pretty kick a$$ though. Although, I don't recall now exactly what was in it. Oh yeah, and the Taro Root was like a sweet-ish potato chip. The Thai coconut soup was basically curry and coconut milk. Nada especial!

Main course:  I had the Macadamia Nut-encrusted Mahi Mahi and He had the Salmon. Again I don't remember the specifics of the salmon but it was tasty. It must have been a complete holiday menu because nothing we had matches their online menu. The Mahi was just OK. Nothing spectacular, but mildly palate-pleasing all the same.  I know this doesn't really help those of you who would try these dishes, but since I didn't Yelp immediately, I've forgotten some details.

For dessert: we split the Pineapple Upside Down Cake. Silently hoping it was up to par with our Hawaiian experience at the Pineapple Grill in Kapalua (Maui). Psssstttt!!!! Not even close. It seemed like they thawed it out and slapped it on the plate and served. Nothing memorable there.

The Help: We met this really cool guy from the Big Island in Hawaii of Japanese and Portuguese heritage, he confided to us. He was funny as he told tales of his shenanigans in HI, a place we dream of living one day. He brought us bread and stuff but not really sure of his role. We had 2 waitresses which was confusing and unfortunate because one of them wasn't as attentive (brunette) to our needs (rushed/distracted) & she must have gotten the benefit of still splitting the tip with the more attentive one (blonde).  

Go for the atmosphere. I would head here for apps and happy hour drinks but that's about it. The choices for Vegetarians were pretty pathetic as is with most restaurants in the Valley. 

Overall, I would not rush back there. Why? May I remind you how this review began? I might cautiously consider going with someone who suggests it AND pays. The bill totalled $100. Not worth it!
I went back on this trip for the happy hour. It's twice a night, every night, from 4 to 6 and 9 to 11. Appetizer specials are $1, $2, or $3, and a few drink specials are also available.

Our group enjoyed relaxing on the lanai, sipping our drinks underneath the tiki torches, bamboo, and heat lamps. Amongst the six of us, we ordered the Maui burger, Chinese spareribs, popcorn shrimp, calamari, and chicken skewers. I thought my spareribs were excellent and meaty, but Vicky T. really won with her $3 Maui burger. Somehow our group passed on the frou-frou tropical drinks that Trader Vic's is famous for, but we were all content with our cocktails. Even the teetotalers were happy with their fruit concoctions. Sadly, I forgot to try a Drunken Geisha (next time, I promise to remember, Brian S.).

We arrived shortly before happy hour ended, but our waitress was great at getting our order in on time. As we relaxed with the good food, good drinks, and good company, we joked about hanging out until happy hour started up again at 9. Next time, we surely will.
Getting here for some reason was such a challenge! We kept going around in circles before we were greeted by valet at Trader Vic's!

Me and my friends got seated right next to the famous wood fired oven. Major plus! I was amused the whole night while drinking fruity drinks with umbrellas/parrots/you name it! Not a fan of mai tai's to begin with but I did try it since it is home of the original mai tai. Still not a fan but that's just personal preference as my friend got a refill. The rock candy drink is also really good! Their drinks menu is VERY extensive...and oh-so-appealing! Portion sizes are very filling. I had the Hawaiian butterfish w/ steamed rice, daikon slaw and truffled yam vinaigrette. And yes, you can really taste the difference by the fish being cooked in the Asian wood fired oven. The pecan and oak woods add such a great flavor. End the night with a "snowball"! Coconut shavings over vanilla ice cream! Great atmosphere, great food, great drinks = a great time! Definitely will return when I'm in the area!
Brought my boyfriend here because I found the groupon on groupon.com to come here.  (Cheap?  yes, but who isn't?)

Anyways, we ordered the pupu sampler platter with the shrimp, crab rangoons, and char-siu and it was delicious.  The shrimps were pretty big.  The rangoons were actually kinda small, but still very tasty.  The char-siu was also really good.

For dinner, I had the bacon-wrapped scallops and my boyfriend had the macadamia mahi mahi and he enjoyed his meal very much and I loved my scallops.  The bok choy and rice it came with though was a little too buttery, but after the pupus and scallops, I was too full for it anyways.  For dessert, we split the kona coffee cheesecake and it was gooooood.

They have "complimentary" valet parking but if you are lucky, you can also find street parking around there.  The ambience is awesome and if I lived near there, their happy hour specials look great!  (I'm basing that off the sign about it I saw outside the restaurant).  We were asked at least 3 times how our meals were, so you can tell they really want you to talk to them about how it is.  Good thing or too many interruptions?  Little bit of both.  I'd still come here again.
After all the hype from friends and coworkers surrounding Trader Vic's I just had to try it. Walking in, it instantly exuded that old-school Polynesian feel. I thought I was in for a treat. 

The drink menu was extensive, as other reviewers point out, and the drinks that everyone at the table chose were excellent. However, the rest of the dining experience left much to be desired.

I ordered the Crispy Duck, which was pointed out by the waitress, and the special location on the menu, that it was a signature item. Sorry, but I have had duck more tender and with more flavor at a street corner Asian supermarket in Los Angeles.

After dinner, I handed the ticket to the valet, only to have him bring back a car that was the same color as mine, but not my car. They had to ask me to identify my set of keys. Very unprofessional.

Good thing we were with great company that evening, because although the environment was cool, and fostered great conversation, the amount of satisfaction in my stomach did not nearly make up for the dent to the pocketbook.
Went to an event there last evening, their walu is to die for, fresh and delicious, not to mention their selections of different maitais, i will definitely suggest this place for an evening night out for happy hour.
I went to Trader Vic's for a Foodies Like Us event this week. It was great! We got to try a few of their appetizers and some of their Mai Tai's. The happy hour menu is great. They have some dishes that start at $1. I will definitely be back!
Hey Sean (3/29) we had the same valet! Yes, a little tricky to find. Went there for the first time last night, thanks to reviews here! Had just left a tequila tasting, so we didnt do any Mai Tais-next time. Wife had the pink Cactus Bloom (recommended by waiter Steve) with tequila and brandy, which she loved. Then appetizer Crab Rangoon, which was delicious with the slightly sweet/slightly hot dipping sauce. Also complimentary breads and balsalmic vinegar, um,um. Ordered the Jumbo Sea Scallops with risotto-very tasty, but the scallops didnt appear that "jumbo"!. Risotto with mushrooms very creamy and deliciious, didnt leave any behind. Also had Macadamia nut encrusted Mahi mahi. Substituted risotto for the potatoes, which was indeed a smart call. TV provided their Polynesian Snowball since it was my birthday. Nice touch. Thanks Steve, Natalie, and TV's.
Okay, I'm not usually a 5-star critic, since every dining experience can be improved a bit somewhere. But with the return of Trader Vic's special Chefs dinners the chef Justin Pfeilsticker (had to look that one up), outdid himself. Incredible.

Last night's dinner showcased Cruzan Rum drinks and the chef's challenge, working with the sponsoring mixologist, is to coordinate the 4 courses with the 4 special drinks. Dinner and drinks where $65 plus we could keep tabs on the Suns in playoffs in the bar. In the end, I was kicking myself for not gathering all of my foodie friends to join me - they would have been in heaven.

Lobster, crab and grouper cocktail to start, paired with a classic daiquiri that was perfectly balanced. Second course; chicken and morel mushrooms (amazing) with black-eyed peas - matched with an amazing black raspberry rum cocktail. Okay, I admit, I had to lick the plate. There was no way I was letting that reduction sauce go to waste.

Third course was absolutely prefect, fresh scallops and a sweet potato polenta with another incredible pineapple/butter sauce. Paired with a spiced rum mango cocktail that was smooth, not too sweet and really interesting.

Dessert was a crisp bread pudding with a bit of rum gelato and matching sauce. Not too much and not heavy, but just enough sweet to finish the meal. The cocktail was a whipped coconut creme. Delightful.

Now my experience with Trader Vic's Chef's dinners is that they aren't planned that far in advance (whereas the Hotel Valley Ho's Zu Zu dinners are more consistent - and also very good). So getting a seat at the next dinner may require a bit of research. According to the manager, they would like to host one monthly through the summer and they try to limit the seating to about 60 to keep the food quality as high (and I suppose the drinks as cold). Since I recognized a number of faces from last year's chef's dinners - there seems to be a good following of insiders. And at this price for incredible, interesting and very special food (you should have seen the morels and fresh scallops) with all the drinks - it's a wonder there isn't a waiting list a mile long.

So 5-stars. No question.
Just the facts re: full dinner experience:

Ambiance: Thinking about redecorating the house to look just like Trader Vic's - unbelievable.
Service: perfectly charming, informative and attentive.
Drinks: I don't drink, so read every other review for a review of drinks.
Appetizer: Beef Cho-Cho - amazingly tender, it melts in your mouth. Great flavor.
Dinner: Trader Vic's Calcutta Curries: good & better when you mix in the variety of garnishes.  fun to play around with the flavors.
Dinner 2: Chinese BBQ Flat Iron Steak: Amazing.  Crispy onions, mashed potatoes and tender/flavorful steak will make you close your eyes and wish it would never end.
Dessert: (don't know the name) vanilla icecream covered in coconut
 on a bed of chocolate sauce: simple, beautiful and tasty. 

Overall experience: the best darn dinner experience I've ever had.
based on the happy hour its a decent place. 4-6pm daily and i think a reverse happy hour as well. sunday is when the draft beer is flowin for $3 a pint (kiltlifter and stella) which is the best time i would like to go. i went on a friday and had a couple $5 rum drinks. 

the hh food menu is the key. $1, $2, $3 items. i had the maui burger w/sweet potato fries for $3. very good. 

the ladies seem to enjoy this place as well as they come flocking in when hh starts.
Food was good, service was attentive... what more do you need?  Well, considering I was on a business trip and dining alone it would have been nice if I had been seated in an area around other people instead of at the back of the restaurant with no other tables in sight.  I guess that's what I get for mentioning that I heard the place had great ambiance (the whole polynesian theme) and requesting a table where I could check everything out.  Head's up - that table is located next to a large window overlooking the corner of Indian School Rd and 69th St... nothing to see here, keep moving people.
Like I mentioned the service was good and the dining room attendant that consistently filled my water told me that on the weekends they have a live band and it was really fun.  I had the Lettuce Wrap and the Vegetable Casserole, both on the appetizer list.  The Lettuce Wraps were delish and were topped with these great little super thin cut sweet potato fries.  Wish I had asked for an extra side of those!
My only other issue is that the Soft Bahia (non alcoholic pineapple-coconut drink) that I ordered was filled with 3/4 ice.  Who needs that much ice?  I would rather have more liquid in my glass for $6.
Next time I stay at Hotel Valley Ho I would certainly come back here but I will be more selective when it comes to seating and the drink I order.
During a "last hooray" weekend for my friend Emily who is about to tie the knot in September, we celebrated her remaining days as a single girl with a bachelorette party in Scottsdale. We spent the weekend at the Valley Ho in the rooms and at the pool and on Saturday night, we planned a "small" dinner for 12 at Trader Vics. And since it was a large group, we decided to go with a pre-set menu to avoid a payment debacle. 

When we arrived, the restaurant was hopping with guests -- half of whom I'm pretty sure sauntered over from the pool party earlier that day, another large group enjoying HH pricing at the bar and then a group of regular dinner-goers. They seated us right away at our table right by the window. The moment we sat, the wine began to flow and from that moment forward, we never saw the bottom of our glasses ever again. 

Our pre-set menu started with a Cesar Salad, followed by our choice of Kung Pao Chicken or Ginger Beef and the it was topped off with a Polynesian Snowball. So the Cesar Salad was pretty darn good. It probably had more dressing than normal, but it was good enough that I didn't care. It had a load of garlic though and considering we were going out after, that wasn't so ideal for our group. I went with the Kung Pao Chicken which had an incredibly spicy kick to it, but was really good. Full of veggies, very spicy chicken and a side of rice, it left me really (almost too) full. The snowball was rolled in coconut and topped with chocolate. It was pretty tasty if you like coconut. 

The entire experience was a lot of fun for our group. The meal was seamless and the menu was great for a group. Starting at 8 pm, they had live music in the bar and I noticed they are celebrating their anniversary with some pretty sweet 1950's pricing HH specials, so I definitely plan on finding my way back soon enough.
Yay! I got to try the happy hour finally! They even had a sweet band playing in the dinning room, great ambiance. 

On 4th of July weekend the girls and I got a room at the Valley Ho and ventured over to Vic's for some much need food around happy hour time. The fun drinks were totally wroth it! I got the burger on the HH menu, it was sooo yummy, huge and came with a bunch of fries and was only $3. Crazy right?! We were pretty tired so we couldn't stay long, but next time I want to try the calamari, hummus and other fun drinks.
Missed happy hour so we sat in the "lounge" at 6:15 for some appetizers. Crab rangoon was tasty, as were the ribs. The sauces to dip them in were bad - hot mustard was too nasaly and the cocktail sauce was just that. Service was nothing to write home about until we tried to use our Groupon and were told we needed to be in the dining room to use it. Since we spent over $50 sitting 5 feet away from the dining room this left a sour taste in my mouth. I thought the idea of using the Groupon program was to get new customers into the restaurant? Unfortunately for them, I'll flush the $ I spent on the groupon itself because I can't make it back there before it expires (next week) and no one at the restaurant/bar/lounge/non-dining-room thought it was important to fill me in on this. Funny... I couldnt tell the difference between the dining room or the "lounge" because for one, there were tables in both sections. For two, both sections were empty, so what the hell does it matter where I sit? Good job Trader Vic's - your Future Sales Prevention Program was a great success today!
***
IN RESPONSE TO MANAGEMENT'S COMMENTS BELOW - I did not GO to the BAR during the HAPPY HOUR I went during OFF HOURS and paid FULL PRICE for a plate of fried vittles. GAH.
Overrated. Overpriced. I had a groupon, so because of that our bill didn't seem that expensive. We got the sampler appetizer that came with crab puffs, spareribs, bbq char siu pork, and fried prawns. We really liked the fried prawns and the red dipping sauce, which kinda tasted like cocktail sauce + ketchup. I got the maple duck breast and my sister got the butterfish. Tasted good, but I think for a more fancy Hawaiian place, I prefer to eat at Roy's if my entree is going to be over $25. The lady next to us got the half duck mu shu wrap which I was debating to get, but it looked really dry. The service is good there though, so I liked that. Probably wouldn't go here again unless I had another groupon, but it's good to try at least once. The ambience of the place seems good for a romantic meal, but it was a little dark so I got sleepy. Bathrooms are cool. There's a little totem mask tissue paper dispenser thing that had the paper coming out of the dude's nose hehe.
Note: Review is JUST for the happy hour!

I can't believe how cheap the food on the happy hour menu is-$3 for a regular sized burger? And it comes with sweet potato fries? While the fries weren't very abundant, they were tasty, as was the burger. 

The calamari was perfect-light and crisp and not greasy at all, but the portion was tiiiiiny. I mean, it was only a couple bucks, so what can you expect? But it was great even if it was small. 

Crispy chicken skewers were basically chicken nuggets served with a sweet/spicy sauce, and they were juicy and yummy.

Cucumber salad was alright, nothing to write home about, but a nice light dish to add to the mix of heavier ones. 

My drink was the highlight of the evening, though it was at least twice the price of every food item ordered combined. I couldn't find a drink that stood out to me on the extensive cocktail list, but when I flipped to the back page I noticed their nonalcoholic beverages, one of which caught my eye. It had strawberries, mango, and coconut cream. I asked if I could add rum to it, and they said no problem. When I got the bill, it was $13-the price of drinks where I live, NYC. The price would really not be an issue if every single other drink on the entire drink menu didn't go above $10. I get that you have to ring in the drink I ordered, then "add rum", but I thought it was silly to charge that much when it had just as much alcohol and fruit as other beverages on the menu. 

It should be noted that while happy hour pricing applies to food, it DOES NOT APPLY TO DRINKS! There are like two drinks that are available under the happy hour umbrella, and the happy hour drink menu makes it appear that there are more. Two people in my party ordered specific beers because they were listed at $3, but when the bill came they were more. Read the fine print, just as a heads up!

The atmosphere was fun, and there aren't too many tiki-style places around these parts, so points for originality. Our server was a little distracted and seemed to want to be elsewhere, but the host JK was incredibly welcoming and kind. I would consider going back again for happy hour food, and maybe one drink, but more than that is out of my budget!
Another bar/happy hour review here, but this one has to say that it wasn't as tremendous as some have implied. First off, great happy hour specials like this are hard to find. $1, $2, and $3 food menu plus daily drink specials are hard to beat. Unfortunately, it's extremely inconsistent and the food just wasn't that good. 

My $3 order of Pork Ribs was a generous portion of tasty (though tough as hell) ribs covered in a sweet glaze. Meanwhile, the $3 order of pork slider is just that, slider (not plural) and was about 1/4 of what came on the ribs order. Why not two sliders? the $2 queso dip was more generous as well. Whatever. All of the quality was decent, about what I'd expect for happy hour food, but not up to snuff when I eat at a place with $30+ entrees on the menu. We ordered one of the giant drinks sharable with two people, the Tiki Bowl. It was tasty enough, but the one thing I noticed is the bartender being VERY careful not to overfill the jigger when pouring. He poured everything just shy of the top of the jigger. C'mon!
Great food and great staff. All Happy Hour food is $1 $2 or $3 for full size portions. Also $3 draft beers and half price specialty drinks.
My experience at Trader Vics was just during happy hour but it was worth stopping by. The food prices on the happy hour menu are insanely cheap, and if you go on "ladies night" on Thursday, there is another menu for the ladies to choose from and the guys to help enjoy. The food was great for the price without a doubt, but the trade off is that the drinks aren't cheap at all, and that's where they get you, especially with their specialty island drinks. The specialty drink menu is awesome with all kinds of choices, but although very tasty, they are expensive ($8-$12) and I would have liked to see them be just a bit larger for how much they cost. My favorite drink that day: the Singapore Symphony (even though it came in a horribly gaudy pink mug), and our fave foods: the pork sliders hands down with the crab wontons deserving an honorable mention. Although, the burger with the sweet potato fries is by far the best value.
When I think of Trader Vic's, I think Mojito. They shake up the best Mojito I've ever tasted. I crave their Mojitos almost daily... especially when it's 110+ outside. Refreshing, bubbly, minty, sweet and cool, I let out an "ahhhhhhhh" with every sip.

Since Trader Vic's is so close to my casa, I'm a happy hour regular. You'll find me waiting at their door on a weekend at 3:50 p.m. saying "open, open, open". Happy hour at Trader Vic's is held daily (whoo hoo!) from 4-6pm and then again from 9-11pm. Their 1950's style pricing fits my budget ever so nicely. I'm absolutely addicted to their $3 calamari, the wasabi ajoli sauce that comes with it is delish! My bf loves to make a meal out of the Oven Roasted Maui Burger, also only $3 during happy hour, and this burger is HUGE! I also recommend the roasted garlic hummus $2 and crispy chicken skewers $3... scrum-diddily-umptious!

As far as regular sit down dinner goes, I'm a huge fan of sea creatures and Trader Vic's knows how to serve em up right. The wood-fired Hawaiian butterfish literally melts like butter in my mouth. The Rock Shrimp Calcutta Curry and Macadamia Crusted Mahi are pricey menu choices.... but so worth the extra $$$ for a splurge.

The 50s vibe, outdoor patio & friendly waiters make Trader Vic's even better. Once I walk in the doors it feels like I'm on vacation... add in a Mojito, fresh fish, and I'm one happy Islander!
This review is only for the Sunday happy hour, and I was only here for like an hour, but I really liked what I saw and wanted to write a review. 

I couldn't leave AZ without getting one last drink in my system. Seriously. A couple friends of mine who I didn't get to see much of on a recent weekend trip to Scottsdale wanted to see me one last time before I left and a couple hours before I needed to get to the airport we met up at Trader Vic's since they have Sunday happy hour. 

I had heard a lot of great things about Trader Vic's happy hour and I've always wanted to stop in when visiting the folks, but it seems like something always comes up or someone always suggests someplace else when I'm in town. From what I understand the Sunday happy hour is a little bit different from the weekly happy hour in that it goes from 4-9 pm (or maybe it starts even earlier? I forget.) and there's a different drink menu (there's about 6 or 7 specialty drink for $6 plus $5 wine specials and $3 pints of Stella and another beer...I believe Blue Moon but don't quote me on that). The same AWESOME/CHEAP food menu (2 & 3 bucks for several appetizers) still applies. 

Anyway, I had been drinking all weekend and wanted something fruity & refreshing so I got some sort of raspberry cooler. Honestly, I can't remember all that was in it, but it was delicious! My friend got a mint julep w/Maker's Mark, which I tasted and loved it as well! 

We weren't planning on eating anything, but we figured since everything was cheap, why not? We got the bruschetta (it had pesto, which added a kind of creamy texture that I LOVED) & the hummus, which was tasty as well. 

I like the atmosphere at Trader Vic's, and the band they have playing near the entrance adds a cool vibe. We sat at the bar and the two guys tending there were cool as well. 

Next time I'm in AZ I'll be back to Trader Vic's for a happy hour...I wanna try a burger and sweet potato fries!
My wife and I went here for Happy Hour for the first time yesterday. Someone opened the door for us and showed us where the happy hour area was since it was our first time there. The décor is very nice with a Hawaiian theme.

Just about everything besides the décor was just average, however.  The appetizers were a pretty good price and the drinks were half price for ladies only (this was a Wednesday) up to two drinks (I hate restrictions like that).  My drinks were $12 bucks each for Mai Tai's and $9 for Mojitos which is a little steep for happy hour. My Mai Tai was average but my Mojito was exceptional. We each ordered a Maui burger (a big slider) and asked that they make sure it is well done.  However, the waitress told us that they cannot honor special cooking instructions for happy hour so the burgers should be medium well but she couldn't guarantee it. Otherwise, the service was generally very good except for my last drink which I think she forgot to order until I reminder her.

I may go back sometime but there are so many other places to try and there was nothing really too special except the nice Hawaiian theme.
This review is specifically for my experience at Trader Vic's last night (a Saturday night) for Happy Hour (4pm - 7pm).

My wife and I and two friends had a great time!  We spent the Happy Hour in their outdoor bar area - so cool - which is slightly shaded and very calming.  The apps were tasty, especially for their low, low prices, and my wife really liked her  vodka cocktail on special.  They didn't have any beers on special, but I had a draft Stella anyway.

Neither of us cared much for the fried calamari, but it wasn't bad, just not our style.  Everything else - the edamame, mini-burger, and sweet potato fries - was awesome.  Oh, and speaking of awesome, so was the service.  The waitress was friendly and helpful, and the bussers were very attentive!

We will be back for Saturday's Happy Hour again soon.
Great menu for restaurant week last month, but honestly not the least bit exciting in the food department (I had a boring salmon dish, my wife had a boring overcooked and over-seasoned steak with mashed potatoes).  I felt that we got a decent enough value for our price, paying more for the classic tiki ambiance than anything else, but I don't think I'd return ever again to order off of the regular menu.  *Note on value: awesome half-off wine list.

That said, the after dinner coffee cocktail I tried was a solid standout from the bar (and this place is primarily known for its bar), and the coconut desert thing they served was pretty tasty as well.  *Note about dessert: had it cost anything extra, I wouldn't have ordered it -- I never get dessert when I go out -- so at least I got the chance to try something different and enjoy it, I suppose.

But the service.....  Thankfully our server was totally cool.  When I first called the restaurant with a question prior to arrival, the guy who answered was a total jerk and so he got jerkiness in return.  I was in a much better mood upon meeting up with my wife and a couple of good friends when I got there, though, so I let it go.

Then, throughout our dinner, we kept hearing the sound of crashing plates and glasses from the bussers (pretty sure this was a record for broken dishes outside of a Greek celebration or a fight) -- not too disruptive, but also kind of uninspiring albeit slightly comical.

And for the grand finale, as we were about to leave, the chef came out to meekly say hello to his tables.  This did not seem like the kind of chef who likes to be out in front of the public, which is fine by me, but it's probably required by corporate.  So it seemed awkward -- I felt bad for the guy.

All in all, it was a pretty good night, but I wouldn't particularly blame Trader Vic's for it.  They were just good enough.
Wandered in here for an impromptu dinner on a Monday night. The exaggerated Polynesian ambiance was fun, complete with Tiki salt & pepper shakers. Our booth was comfortable and our waitress was friendly. 

Seemed to me, however, that they put more love into the setting than into the food. We both ordered hot drinks--Black Stripe hot rum and a rum-coffee drink--and they tasted watered down, despite the cool porcelain skull cups and cinnamon stick they were served with. 

The veggie curry I ordered looked pretty, but was poorly seasoned. I've tasted frozen curry meals with more flavor. My friend ordered a veggie noodle bowl; it, too, was bland to the point that you could get better at, say, a mall food court. 

I think you need to know what to order at Trader Vic's to make the ambiance pay off. While I was impressed with the presentation of the food and the entire place, the food itself, the part I truly prize, was no bueno. Won't be coming back here unless on Happy Hour bender with friends, when I can sample the entire drink menu.
We went here for our Anniversary yesterday, our first time to Trader Vic's.  Overall I was not impressed.  We had the Crab rangoons as an app and I found it very strange that they were served with a plate of mustard and seafood sauce, kind of weird.  I had the Passionfruit glazed chicken, which while tasty, barely had any chicken and for what it was, priced way too high.  My wife had the macadamia nut crusted mahi, the fish was very good, the brocolini cooked perfect, but the mashed potatoes were pasty and had a bitter sour aftertaste.  Desert wasn't any better, the bread pudding was dry and rubbery and obviously microwaved and the Snowball, come on 8 bucks for a scoop of ice cream rolled in coconut?  
  Service was horrid, we felt neglected waiting for drinks and food and then rushed once our meal came.  Some kid brought us salads we never ordered and then our waitress tried to take them to the right table only to upset the people at that table (they could see the salads at our table first).  The same kid tried to deliver our app to the same table instead of us.  Waitress kept asking us if we were done and then brought the check without asking if we wanted dessert first.  The place wasn't even busy and it felt like they were trying to turn the table.  We enjoyed ourselves in spite of the food and service, because we had each other.  I would rate one star higher, but for the price I expect so much more.  Not worth it at half the price.  I will only go back if it is someone else's choice, it won't be mine.
Alright, so I am somewhat conflicted writing this review and giving it only two stars, here's why: 

I am from the Bay Area, Cali and just moved down here. In SF and Emeryville Trader Vic's is known for being a classy cool spot to go get good food and even better drinks in a funky environment. I have always loved Trader Vics and it has been one of my fav spots in the Bay for a while. Which leads me to the Scottsdale Trader Vic's which is basically at the Valley-Ho. Having just moved to Scottsdale I thought this would be a fun place to take a date, now wishing I would have chosen somewhere else. 

This is a nontraditional Trader Vic's, typically known for their dark lighting and borderline tacky decor, this Trader Vic's looks like it belongs in a shopping mall. Really open and not very much decoration and on a Saturday night you could shot a cannon through the place. I ordered their famous Mai Tai which is usually awesome, but sucked, hardly any booze, wayyy too heavy on the lime. OK scratch the fun drinks, I get a bottle of wine with some disappointment as my dates drink also sucked. 

Service was OK, not great... couple slip ups here and there, like pouring regular tap water into my glass of 1/2 full of bubbly water that was 8 bucks, then pouring me another one and trying to sneak a 2nd bottle onto my tab, busted. They redeemed themselves quite a bit by taking off one of our entrees (the duck, which was disgusting, dry, and tasteless) from the tab after she had said it was terrible. 

The food in general was disappointing. In SF, Trader Vics has a poignant menu and a variety of different types of beef/seafood/chicken/wok. Not really the case at this one. I don't eat seafood so I was expecting to see my favorite Peppercorn NY Strip on the menu, not there. Basically if you don't eat seafood you have to pick from the duck (which was terrible), the beef tenderloin (what I ordered, was reasonable but wickedly overpriced at like $34) or another grilled chicken dish. The mashed potatoes were cold, the spare rib appetizer looked like it could have been served at Chili's (not a compliment) and in general the whole culinary experience was a disaster... as if that weren't enough then I got my tab... holy shit, i thought cost of living was cheaper down here, guess not at Trader Vics.... 

In general 2 thumbs down for SCOTTSDALE Trader Vic's, although I will maintain patronage to the SF ones as long as they don't head down this path....
I've been here twice now and had a pleasant experience both times though it was far from outstanding.  The building is very unique with an interesting Pacific Island theme running throughout.  They specialize in rum based drinks and have some pretty tasty ones on the menu - go for the mojito or mai tai. My last visit was on a Saturday night and they had a valet, which I hate, even though they have a private lot.

I've only been later at night and have taken advantage of their late night appetizer discounts.  The food served is good not great and the service is a bit on the slow side, especially when it comes to getting drinks.  Be patient though, they're very tasty.
I will preface this review by stating that it is an evaluation of the bar portion of this establishment. I have yet to actually eat in the restaurant or even wander through it. With that said.....

AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME!

I had a very pleasant evening at this Hotel Vally Ho adjacent watering hole. The service was fast and friendly, offering suggestions and reviews. I indulged in a burger on the Happy Hour menu that was absolutely delicious. It came on flat bread with a melt in your mouth cheese accent and sweet potato fries to top it off. A definite winner in my book. My indulgences did not end there..... I introduce you to the swizzle. Long Island-esk in nature, its a delicious, refreshing, and quite a bang for your buck drink. The perfect economically savvy choice to start your evening whether you are hitting the town hard or simply plan on wetting your whistle with one drink. 

I want to make special note of the entertainment provided by the live band that plays every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night from 8pm-11pm. They are a phenomenal trio that provide the bar with a fun and hip vibe. If you have a song in mind, it is likely they can provide. They are open to requests and love interacting with the crowd. You also don't feel overwhelmed by the music due to the open air facility and conversation is actually possible, unlike many other live band bars. 

My first experience with this bar only left me searching for anyone and everyone I could drag along with me to share in the experience. Can't wait to go again!
I love Trader Vics! I have been to several locations and it is ALWAYS a great time. The atmosphere is great, the drinks superb and the food spectacular! Their happy hour can't be beat and their outdoor seating area is super sexy.

Service is always friendly and the crowd is pretty cool.

Great place for dinner or just some cocktails! So put on your heels ladies..its Tiki time :)

Enjoy!
XOXO
One of my favorite places to hit happy hour in Old Town. This along with the adjacent Cafe ZuZu at the hotel are great places to show friends from out of town. The whole hotel is vintage and Trader Vics is a polynesian paradise. Food is comforting but eclectic. Ambiance is awesome.
Although I've never eaten in the dining room, I am a regular at the bar, and have a great time every time!  The bartenders and cocktail waitresses are always so nice, and the band on weekends is super entertaining.  I always know I can come here and have a relaxing night out in a dimly lit atmosphere with good bar food.  Maybe I'll go there tonight :)
This is a our favorite "special night out spot".  Best Mai Tai ever but don't be afraid to ask the bar tender for a new specialty drink. He loves his job :)
The Maple Leaf Duck is melt in your mouth yum!
Somewhere between and two and a three.  The food is not good.  There is a happy hour and a reverse happy hour.  the price points are good.  $6.00 dollar drinks, $5.00 apps.  Problem is, nothing tastes very good.  the presentation is beautiful.  the restaurant is beautiful.  there is even a live band that is pretty good (except everything sounds like dave matthews), its just that the food is made to be non-offensive.  the salad with green goddess dressing, tastes like iceberg with mayonnaise.  the fried calamari is crispy but needs some realy dipping sauce other than the same green goddess type dressing.  The char siu bao is just gross.  The burger is decent and comes with some sweet potato fries.  had some duck cubes that were just cubes of protein that looked like they were dipped in hoisin sauce.  the desserts and tiki drinks fared better.  Stick with Maitais or hot buttered rum.  All of the drinks are sweet concoctions, but they claim to have invented the Mai Tai, and the hot buttered rum comes in a fun tiki glass. the desserts however were great.  Pineapple upside down cake, Snowall (vailla icecream, coconut shavings and chocolate sauce) and bread pudding were all top notch.  Took us $60.00 bucks to get out of there for two for happy hour so it still adds up.  hit or miss, better off going to Hulas.
Ever Yelped so much you forgot if you Yelped about a place or not?  Well lucky me -- I forgot about this place, then again maybe for good reason.  For all the hype and cool designs -- the food really didn't match.  I ordered some curry and chicken - it was okay, but I was really hungry so maybe that's why it was okay.  The plating was nice, but maybe that's how they get you!  How about the price?  Extremely pricy for what you get -- I get more excited paying to gas up my car!  Okay the ambience is pretty cool - the Polynesian style decors are nice and fun.  Service? Well we had a large group and I can never understand this, but when you're a waiter; you should prepare for large and small groups.  I was a damn fine waiter in my times and I was always ready to rock!  I won't say they didn't do a good job, but --- they didn't do a good job -- :) I lied!  - Enjoy!
My husband surprised me for Valentines Day and we went for dinner. The atmosphere is refreshing and engaging. 
The live band was fantastic as was our waitress and all her little helpers. 
Then the food came.... WOW! SO delicious! We loved everything we tried from the pupu's and tidbits to the amazing entree and the mouth watering red velvet cake for dessert. 
A nice adult place for dinner where we were still able feel comfortable in jeans and enjoy delicious food and great music.
Happy happy hour

Both drinks and food, blew us away at this little gem. We had a great time. Staff is great, decor is very tastefully done. Perfect little getaway. loved it. try this sometime

Have fun
We just went for happy hour - great drinks, nice decor and very friendly bar staff.   The Mai Tai and Suffering Bastard are both killer and our bartender kept giving us tastes of other drinks too.

Only slight downside is that one of the happy hour apps were curried chicken wings that just smelled awful whenever anyone near us got an order of them.
The only thing good about this place is the neat cocktail glassware.  We were there for a private birthday party, and the only reason we even got to taste the food is because others at the table shared. It took a minimum of 20 mins (every time) to get a cocktail, hours to get food, and the place was empty! The servers were rude and obviously not there to please the customer. Although the couple of items we tasted were good, it's extremely over priced, the service is horrible, and the menu selection is scarce at best. I'm an AZ native, and although this restaurant has been here longer than me, we won't be back!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.  Went for an anniversary and the general manager personally set up a tasting menu.  It was the best service I have ever received, and the food was outstanding as always.  The duck and the beef tenderloin are excellent.  Don't forget the coconut sorbet and maybe a mai tai.  Highly recommend.
Awesome dining experience! Great staff, Great food, Great experience!!! The environment is so relaxing and classy I would definitely recommend Trader Vic's to anyone! Oh... Reverse happy hour has amazing specials on drinks and food!!!
Trader Vic's has a rockin happy hour.  The food is great, the drinks are tasty, and hilariously large if you get that one in the barrel.  Our server was great, had good recommendations, and kept cracking jokes.  All around a good time, plus, the tropical/island theme...what's not to love.
One of the best happy hours for food in town. Try the Maui Burger--it's different, excellent, and definitely a steal for $5 (it comes with a good portion of sweet potato fries too). I think that we've sampled everything off of the happy hour menu (which has been so good that we've never found it necessary to go during non-happy hour times) and have always been pleased.
A great "special occasion" place, the service is impeccable, the drinks are wonderful.  Happy Hour all day Sunday with $5 appetizers.  Try the curry wings, awesome.  Dinner also very good, exquisite salmon with plenty left for lunch tomorrow!
So so sad....nothing like the Trader Vic's from days gone by.... Food is meh.  FIrst mai tai ok but the second comped one (thanks to Yelp check in) I swear had zero alcohol. Seriously.  TV, don't play the game if you're gonna cheat.  Won't be back.
I came here last night for happy hour.  They have happy hour from 3-6 p.m. and a reverse happy hour from 9-12.  I heard that they are closing down this location of Trader Vics, and I think they are going to redesign and renovate to a different theme.

I got a chance to try almost everything from the happy hour menu, and everything was delicious.  The highlights were ceviche, sweet potato fries, mango pineapple cocktail, and mai tai.  The appetizers are $5 and well made drinks are $6.

I would recommend coming here again, but only problem is that it will be closed soon...
We LOVE this Trader Vics! We come here everytime we are in town. Unfortunately, it is closing after dinner service on Saturday July 30-so you better rush on over there! :(
The end is near. Went for one last hurrah before closing.  Love westroc and their products but the thrill is gone from tv.
I constantly crave the Vodka Mai Tai.  It is so good, they use almost crushed ice to make it so it is SO cold and so easy to drink! Especially great during happy hour for $6.  It's STRONG, I'm good with just one, so it's not too much for me.

The ceviche was really yummy.  I was sharing but I wanted it all for myself.  I had the hummus as well, that was ok, nothing special.  Overall, a fun environment for happy hour.

The waiters are really nice and FUNNY in the bar.
If you have a plain pallet you will like this place otherwise don't waste your time. My wife enjoyed the drinks, but that is about it.
We had a great time here. The restaurant on the second floor had the cheapest steak and eggs in town and the strawberry shortcake special was outstanding. Don't miss out on eating here, you will love it. Also the casino is good, they gave us cash back up to 100 dollars of losses on slots the same day. I don't think I have ever seen this before, it was very convenient. I didn't stay at the hotel but we had a great time here and I would recommend stopping by for a bite to eat and some risk free slot gaming.
Dump

I was scared for my life, You would be hard pressed to find a place more scary and sketchy in Las Vegas...

I had fun playing Bingo, but when we were leaving, I thought I was going to get shot as a police situation and manhunt was unfolding in the casino as i walk out the door I see two guys urinating in the bushes and one vomiting just steps from the police car... 

My first time playing bingo since I was a kid, if i have to deal with this scene no thanks...
I was rolling over 3 stars but figured 2 would do it more justice. We spent 2 nights here and I tried to stay in the room as minimal as possible. 

Review is for room only... its very rundown looking. Those flowery cheap curtains that match the bed sheets. Restroom was very confined. My car trunk seemed bigger. Not that I have used it as a restroom or so. 

Aside from the room... everything else is just just average or below. Valet dude was polite. Insisted on tip even tho he never parked our car. Parking lot is pretty big, always found a good spot. Front desk guy was cool... however offered no help on whats going on ON the Strip as far as shows an attractions goes. FAIL! 

2/5 because I have had MUCH better. Esp in Vegas!
The hotel is actually motel style, but I'm not picky. All I ask for is a clean room with a comfortable bed, and that's what I got. The shower is an enigma to figure out, though. I stayed at Arizona Charlie's for an entire week and I left the place still unable to figure out how the hell the shower works.

Also, the in-room wireless never worked, but at $12.99 a night it's not really worth it anyway.
Me and my friend came into town and stayed here. We couldnt beat the deal we got on expedia including the flight. The room was exceptional. Had a Couch and Bed and Tv in one room. Then the other room had a bed and tv. The buffet isnt the biggest but the price is good. Loved the Cafe and Shortcake and steak was good and a great price. Security roaming around kept things quiet. Not far to the strip. A 7-11 is right around the corner. Played in the Bingo hall and had a blast. Will recommend all to stay here who dont want Strip prices but a great place to lay your head and eat. The pool was fun too.
Where to start with this place...

If you're looking for something DIRT CHEAP... This is not the place to go, because frankly, for the price you get here, you can find better places closer to the strip, if that's what you're after.
Now, I actually got to stay there for free but I'm still going to nit-pick everything for your convenience. 

1. Site said they're pet friendly, so we brought our small dog. Pretty much the deciding factor why we chose it... When we arrived at about 5am to get our room, we unloaded into the room, and finally bring the dog in. 5 mins later, their little downs syndrome security guard on his bicycle came pounding on our door saying they saw the dog on camera and that we're not allowed to have dogs here... Ugh, wtf? Your site said animal friendly.. So fk you guys! We put the dog in the truck, and surprisingly enough. We were harassed for about 2 hours by their security talking about the dog. They sat in the room above us, and continually circled our truck looking inside? Who the fk do you think you are? Harassing your customers and making them feel like criminals over a damn dog.

2. The rooms are not what the site says. There are no kitchen areas, no fridges.

3. The shower and toilet had a disgusting black residue all over it. Do they even hire cleaning maids?

4. The beds are god awful as far as comfort. At one point I took a pillow and laid on the ground... To my disbelief, the ground smelled like feces... Could this place get any worse? YES IT CAN!

5. During almost every cigarette break I took outside, a hooker either walked by or drove by looking for the room she was called to... So yea, if you're looking to be around that kind of stuff, this is the place to go.

I would give this place 0 stars if possible... They're lucky to even get one... This place is the biggest joke I've ever seen in my life... Frankly, I'd rather stay in a Motel 6 than ever even thinking about this place... Avoid at all costs. Don't even consider. No matter how cheap their rooms are, remember, it's Vegas, there's a hundred places that are just as cheap and better quality.
This review is for the casino only. 

I had a lot of fun at the casino and although I didn't win much, my grandmother did. There is a large selection of games to play, your "typical" casino, I guess. 

The service people were nice, however, the cocktail waitress hardly ever came by. Also, one of the supervisors at the desk was rather...blunt, to put it mildly.
No hot water, soap that doesn't lather.
Got a "Suite" for about $40 for a Monday night (after tax, No Resort Fees!), very roomy.  Couch and TV in one room and a TV in the bed room.  It was a steal on the surface, but no frills.   However, only one TV had a remote (Bed room), no big deal so I told desk clerk at check out a remote was missing, she said no problem.  TV sets were early 90s vintage but got about 30 channels.  Also, walls were thin and you could hear noises at night from people in other rooms so it was tough to sleep. Shower and wash room was basic, not unlike Motel 6.  Can't comment on gambling or food, did neither there, just stayed the night.  No line at all to check in and clerks both check in and check out were very nice.  Only about a 2-minute walk to casino, enter rooms from outdoors.   Not too far from strip or downtown or east side casinos.  Adequate when you don't want to pay strip prices; classic case of you gets what you pays for.
Arizona charlies is dirty and disgusting. The buffet and coffee shop and steakhouse all suck. The place is filthy and smells. It's all garbage people that go there and there is no class there. That place is for white trash people and should be imploded.
We stayed here for 3 nights at a great price ($133.00) we got through Expedia. Check in was fast and friendly but upon check out a small problem arose with my deposit being returned. Alfter a couple of phone calls, this problem was fixed and I recieved my deposit. The woman handling this issue could have been a little more friendly in my opinion, after all it was their mistake. The room was big, comfy and clean with a seperate livingroom area. Nothing fancy by any means, a little outdated, but it was clean.The only thing I didn't like about the room was that the sink is right next to the bed. There is a 7-11 around the corner and I always saw security roaming around whenever we were coming and going which was nice to see.
The buffet was horrible. We ate there once for dinner and once for breakfast. The prime rib at dinner was decent, the made to order waffles at breakfast were cold and hard, as was most of the cafeteria style food they offered. The service was good and friendly.
The casino was nice in the fact that it wasn't overly crowded, had a good variety of machines and paid out decently. The beverage servers were non existent.
This place is about a 10 minute drive from the strip. I would stay here again for the price and accomadations but definately eat elsewhere.
Returned over the holidays and was very pleased.  Front desk was very very helpful over the 4 days and 3 nights, room was very clean and spacious and this is the best value for a room in Vegas I think (just over $40 a night with taxes Mon-Wed before New Years).  Buffett was good, virtually no lines.  Gambling wasn't very good, but that really wasn't hotel's fault, casino is not very big but is perfect size for a small property.  Security was always around, either walking or on bikes.  You can hear noise from nearby rooms.  I would still return.
Avoid at all costs!!!
I would like to point out that I grew up in a family that worked in the service industry (I was even a busboy at the age of 12) so I am very sympathetic when things don't always go as planned when dealing with any service industry. But this time I have to come out "Guns a Blazing" to help you avoid this dump. 

1. Family Friendly: I would say NOT!!! We went as a group; 10 families for a softball tournament in Las Vegas. We were told we had to stay in this hotel otherwise we could not be in the tournament. (Letter of complaint to the ASA Las Vegas Tourney's on the way). This place is not kid friendly or even family friendly at all. The only location to go as a group to is the swimming pool. Even though you're as quiet as a ghost, security show's up to kick you out of the pool area promptly at 10:00pm. There is no other location for families (groups) to mingle unless you want to go to the smoke filled casino.

2. Room's: Bring your own cleaning supplies and leave the kids outside while you clean the room. The rooms were non-smoking and didn't have the dingy stale smoke smell many converted rooms had. We were in building #3 room 2312 and the floor (carpet) was filthy and in need of carpet replacement badly. The Bathroom needed a deep cleaning in all areas. The rooms in my building was actually two rooms a living area with twin size bed that sat 3 feet off the floor and the master room with a queen size bed right up against the sink....Yes I said "sink" that was in the master bedroom. It turns out that the bathroom is so small that they couldn't fit a sink in it, so they put the sink up against bed. So if your laying in the bed and it's time for someone to brush their teeth, your getting a shower. The windows in our room were so filthy you could barely see through it. The lighting in the room is very bad, so during the day you open the curtains for a little light and all you see is dried pigeon poop on the outside of the window. Not all the windows for all rooms were this bad...just mine, probably because it took a ladder to get to our second floor window and no one is that motivated. For some reason the TV in the living area was a tiny 22" tube television and in the master bedroom the TV was bigger...don't ask me why???
The room air conditioner is seriously old school. There's a hole cut through the wall from the living area into the master bedroom with a pipe stuck through that comes out directly behind the TV in the Master Bedroom for ventilation. This thing is "LOUD" and rattles like a fright train. If it wasn't for 10 years of sleeping on an Aircraft Carrier, I would have gotten no sleep at all. Yes...I slept in the living area where the air conditioner is because my kids couldn't see the 22" television or hear it because of the air conditioner. 

3. Exterior of building: They use natural earth tones to paint the building...but I can tell you it's been many, many years since they painted it. Every wall in every location has black scuff marks everywhere you look. It's like they had fifty 7 year old's pumped up on pop rocks and cola riding bicycles without training wheels for the first time. 

4. Pool: The pool is too small for the amount of people Arizona Charlie's can handle. I already told you they shut the pool down promptly without question (no one was even swimming in the pool). The first day we were there the pool needed a good skimming, but the second day when all the softball teams had arrived, they had to shut down the pool because the water became very cloudy. They drained half of it and then refilled it...it still look cloudy so we went to a friends hotel and used their pool. 

5. Casino: Your everyday locals smoke filled casino. Crowd was mostly over 65 and lived nearby. I did have one of our parents win $1,000 at the black jack table on a side bet...but it took her 30 minutes to collect her money because the pit boss didn't know how to make the payout. All the pit boss could say was: "no one has ever won that side bet before."

6. Restaurant: We ate one night at the restaurant (I don't remember the name). They were running a $15.00 dinner special we tried it and it was okay, nothing overly fancy and the food wasn't special at all. I will say that Tommy our server did an exceptional job and we really enjoyed his service. When my wife's seafood plate came out well overcooked like sole of boot when she asked for rare, he had no problem letting her switch to the beef dinner special. Tommy was great!!! the food was just okay. 
We didn't eat in the Buffet, even though I was looking forward to trying the breakfast there. Prices were fair $5.95 for breakfast buffet (with players club card) but one of the parents put a bad taste in my mouth when she said; "Look how they clean our rooms, are you going to trust them to cook your food also?" Needless to say we went to Denny's for breakfast and I never saw the buffet line the whole time we were there.
This place is low priced. There was no resort fee, so the price on orbitz.com for my two night stay came out to $53.00 and change with tax.

It's not like many other places that entice you with the  low price in vegas, then in very fine print state a mandatory resort fee or internet fee must be paid upon arrival. (That is what happened during my last stay in vegas at one of the "Station" resorts, my resort fee was more than the actual room cost!)

The place is laid out somewhat weird, the hotel rooms are located behind the parking garage in what looks like a run down housing project. Don't let the exterior fool you, the inside was about as clean and maintained as a more expensive place. The notepad next to the phone (which came complete with some else's math equations) indicate that it may be owned or operated by the same people as the stratosphere.

If you are in Vegas for work, and not fun, it is a convenient place to stay, as you don't have to walk a mile to get to your vehicle. If you have a work truck of some sort, you can probably park close enough to see it from your room.

I booked the room with a single king bed, but was placed in a room with two full size beds....not a big deal for me...


(edited review on 07-04-12, to change "palace" to "station" as I don't want anyone to think I was referring to Caesar's Palace. I also didn't want to mention the name of the other place, as this review is not about that place, but I guess I just did!)
I stayed here because it was on labor day weekend and i was attending my cousins wedding on the strip.  The strip hotels were over $200 a night so I could only afford a hotel in the $90 range on the weekends.

The room was big, nice, comfy, casino was good, resturant was good, free wifi.  The BAD PARTS is its in a sketchy hood. It's an outside hotel. Casino is seperate from the hotel.  It seems like a really trashy truck stop place, and i could hear the people having sex in the room next door, and I mean everything from the sound of the neighbors tv, toilet flushing to them having sex on the table. TRASHY!  I did tell the management and they gave me a refund of one of the 3 nights which was nice
This place offers some of the best room rates anywhere in Las Vegas.  I had to stay in the area for a month and a half so this place really was a fantastic find for that situation.  The casino and food were not very good quality but the room was perfectly decent for the price and MUCH better than anyplace else you would find at their prices.  If I were just coming into town for a quick trip or vacation I would certainly recommend staying at one of the nicer places on or near the strip but for long term or if you need very cheap accommodations this place is fantastic for the price.
You never know what you might get for an off-strip place but the rooms were better than I expected. Cannot beat the price for what I got. The rooms were remodeled; I could smell the fresh paint when I checked in. It had new carpeting. Check-in was smooth and the staff was very friendly. The casino is small and seems to cater to locals. Very chill.
If you like "Locals Casinos", AC's is fairly decent. There's a large array of penny machines for those who like 'em, and quite a few table games. The dealers are fun and friendly. Could use some more quarter and dollar machines, though.
When I first moved to Vegas a few years ago, I had to wait a few days before I could move into my place.  And, I didn't want to stay at the Budget Motels... for obvious reasons.  So, I looked into hotels near my place and ended up choosing AZ CHUCK'S.  The hotel is not attached to the casino.  It has a small pool, which I didn't use.  The room I stayed in was actually pretty nice.  It was a one bedroom suite and it was quiet.  That is all that I was looking for when I ended up staying here for that time.  The Casino over the years has seen some renovation.  It is a nice little place with its' clientele being an older crowd spending their retirement money.  

They have a couple of restaurants upstairs, The Yukon Grill, Sourdough Cafe, and the Buffet.  Downstairs they have a couple of fast food places.  

My reason for checking into AZ Chuck's was to go to the Sourdough Cafe.  So, you can check out my review there if you like.
I don't really like diners and buffets but a friend had been going to this place for too many years for their steaks and Sunday brunches. I went & tried both and was very pleased. Worth more than what I paid yet that is not a complaint. The brunch has a  great meat selection (steak, roast, fish), omelets made to order, mimosas!, and more... the diner steaks are nice portions with huge portions of eggs and potatoes... The staff are super friendly and attentive yet do not disrupt the meal. Fun
4 dollar ham steak and eggs with hash browns and toast served all day is a deal worth driving for. And $1 Bloody Marys and Mojitos is an added bonus. Make sure to order the eggs country scrambled, they know how to cook them. Can't review the rest of the menu but this breakfast and drink special is old Vegas relived. Enjoy!
Had family visiting from Europe, and they selected this place for price fitting their budget.  We joined them for a few days.  Price affordable, yes.  Rooms were clean, and beds fine.  TV's older style.  Casino was next door.  Mostly seniors and locals, but everyone friendly.  For low budget needs, this place was fine.  If you want glitz and glamour, you will have to go to the strip and pay the price.  Exceptional staff members in Sourdough Cafe were our server, Stephanie, and Fadia, in the small gift shop did a great job.  Greg Peterson Band, in the lounge, was very good, but no audience.  Maybe because we were there on weekdays.
This is a nice place off the strip.  The rooms were fine.  What they really need to do is power wash all the sidewalks and lower portions of the buildings.  That little effort would really improve the impression of the place.  My biggest complaint is their hotel check in and check out.  They have a lot of hotel rooms and only 2 stations to check in and out of your room?  Really?  Do they really not want hotel guests that badly?
I had stayed at the other Arizona Charlie's location on Decatur on my very first trip to Vegas back in 2004, and it was great, so I figured I couldn't go wrong with the Boulder location. I am a member of the players club, which covers both Arizona Charlie's locations as well as the Stratosphere, and responded to a direct offer I had received from them which gave me an upgraded suite for the price of a standard room.

Check-in was very rapid, and I was especially appreciative of the check-in clerk.  I was having a problem with my debit card at the moment - it turned out the company had put a temporary block on it for suspicion of identity theft!  Fortunately, I got it all straightened out, and the front desk clerk swiped that card about 10 different times over the course of an hour without even frowning. That takes alot of patience - you don't often see much of that in the customer service industry anymore. Thanks again!

The property differs slightly from the Decatur location, as all of the corridors and buildings are outside vs. being enclosed. The decor of the rooms is a little more Mediterranean vs. Southwestern, as the Decatur location is. The suite (I believe it was a Standard King Suite) was very spacious, two televisions, extra cold air conditioner, very good water pressure, and lots of closet space.  The bathroom was a bit small, but no complaints.  This property was originally built as a group of extended stay suites that wound up going bankrupt, which might be one of the reasons the rooms are so big, and come with a good value.

The pool and hot tub area was small, but more than adequate, and not crowded at all.

The casino was great as always - lots of the newer multiline penny machines, but unfortunately, almost no old-skool 3 reels.  The Sourdough Cafe was teriffic. Be sure to check out the Steak and Egg special, it's one of the best, and has won several awards in Las Vegas magazines.  

One thing to make note of is that this particular neighborhood is not the most glamourous - you'll see alot of drug dealing and prostitution from here to the Budget Suites a couple of blocks down the road.  However, I can't fault the hotel for this.

Overall, a teriffic stay and I'd recommend it to everyone. Remember, you won't get the glitz and glamour of the Strip in some of these off-strip casino hotels, but it's been proven that places like these are far superior in customer service and higher casino payouts. The room prices and friendly employees can't be beat. Give it a try!
The breakfast buffet offers a good selection and is reasonably priced. The service this morning was excellent. I go here 3 to 4 times a month and will continue. Omlettes and eggs cooked to order and fresh made waffles. Under $7.00.
Can't really give any casino five stars because, let's face it, they are out to rob you blind. 

This is for the Cheesesteak Grill. Some of the best tasting, best priced cheesesteaks in the city. And now they have a few new offerings. Mmmm mmmm 

Only negative, the will not sauce your wings. Boo.  Un-sauced wings?  I won't eat them.
On the one hand; the staff was nice, the room was good for the price, and the rooms aren't attached to the main casino- it was nice being a bit apart from all the dinging slots. On the other hand; woke up at 7 am to pounding on my next door neighbors door, and an officer yelling "SECURITY, OPEN UP NOW!!!!". I couldn't tell if the people hanging around the place we're homeless, or guests ... everyone seemed to be in some stage of inebriation or undress ... but then again, it is Vegas.
I prescheduled a post wedding dinner on April 6, 2014 for 24 guests at the Yukon Grille located within Arizona Charlie's Boulder Casino.  Some of the reviews suggested that it is located in an unsavory area of Las Vegas but our entire group found it quite acceptable.

A quick walk through the casino took us to the restaurant on the second floor.  I had read that you should not prejudge the Yukon but wait until you had experienced it for yourself.  Those reviews were "spot on."   It boasts an elegant, quiet, subdued atmosphere with an extremely competent and friendly staff.  Our visit was pre-coordinated with Debbi Lewis, their Food & Beverage Director.  She greeted us when we arrived and had two large tables waiting for us.  She kept close eye on us the whole evening to ensure that we were enjoying ourselves and that we received everything we ordered.  

Tom was our very knowledgeable and friendly waiter with assistance from a young lady.  (I was negligent and forgot to get her name).  The food was perfect and instead of delivering individual meals they used a two tier cart to deliver our soups, salads, and entrees to everyone at the same time.

I am a very picky person (my wife says "an anal retentive perfectionist") so I want everything to be right.  To go a step further, if I go to a restaurant and their restroom is not top notch, clean and well kept I usually do not go back.  I feel that this is an indication of how the restaurant management attends to detail and feels about their guests' total experience.  The Yukon restrooms were excellent to the point of being elegant.  Since I selected this restaurant for 11 of our family members and 13 of the bride's family (whom we had never met) I wanted this evening to go perfectly.  Debbi and Tom made sure of that.  

The thing I dreaded most, after setting this up, was the post meal plebeian ritual of everyone putting in 80% of what they think they owe and the sap who collects the monies (ME) gets to pay the shortage out if his own pocket.  To eliminate this hassle Debbi offered, and provided, separate checks.

Last but not least Debbi scheduled taxis for our return trip to our hotel.  Some of us were parties of five so Debbi had to make sure that the taxi dispatcher sent vans and not cars.

I know this has been a long review but when I am the recipient of an "over the top" experience I like to reward those who provided it.

If those who rated the Yukon anything less than 5 stars they should check the sign on the door because they were NOT at the Yukon.
Would of given it Four stars but couldn't believe no free wifi...they charge you $11.99 per day for wifi, come on in this day and age not to provide free wifi that's a good reason to go elsewhere.
RV RESORT REVIEW My wife and I stayed her for three days in April 2014.   First off,  we called ahead and asked if our four Chihuahuas would be a problem.  They said if the dogs were well behaved it would not be a problem.  So first positive,  while they say they have a two dog limit,  if your dogs behave they will let you stay with more.   Do not lie to yourself about your dogs behavior,   do not screw it up for the rest of us,   if your dogs do not follow commands and behave,  do not push the limits.     The pads are concrete which is nice.  Level which helps level the unit.   We had a 27 foot travel trailer and this was the easiest leveling job we ever had.   That is the second plus.    The dog run was OK but small.   We had to wait until those with big dogs to leave before we could take our Chihuahuas in.   I would have to say that is the first negative,   they need two dog runs,  one for each size.     Driving in was easy,   the turns were easy and  space was good.   I have recommended this park to a friend as a good place to locate,  close to down town and the strip.   I would say it is not so hot for families with small kids.
Stayed here for EDC Friday night to Monday night. We got our hotel for a really cheap price for a decent hotel room. We got a room with a king bed that was separated from the other room with couches and a tv. Which was perfect 'cause it allowed the sleepy heads to be separate from the people who were awake. Downside was that the bathroom and sink was on the bedroom side, but we managed. The bathroom vent was really loud, so it may have woken up my friends a couple times.

The room wasn't massively huge or anything, but it was a decent size with a decent amount of floor space. The bed took up most of the room. The couch and the furniture in the other room could be moved to make more space for 4 or 5 people to all lie on the ground comfortably.

My friends thoroughly enjoyed the $5 steak and eggs. They would order two plates per person. I don't like steak so I got to enjoy the farmhouse special or something with was bacon and eggs for about $3 or $4. Also enjoyed their $1 mimosas!!! 

The service was ok but a bit slow. They seem to be understaffed, because there's only one person working the reception during non operating hours. Check in is around 3 pm, and check out is around 11 am, so I think around those times they will have 2. 

Whenever we wanted something we had to wait for awhile to get it. We wanted towels, but because we didn't want to wait, we went to get it from the pool instead. The pools is nice and modest, this hotel is nice and modest. We're not complaining for the price. 

The employees are friendly though.
Das Point Hotel liegt wenige Gehminuten von der Princess Street, der Haupteinkaufsstrasse entfernt. Man kann vom Hotel aus im Prinzip die gesamte Innenstadt zu Fuss erkunden.
Das Hotel ist für Edinburgh preiswert und auch wirklich seinen Preis wert!! 
Es gibt eine großzügige lobby mit kostenlosem wlan. Im Erdgeschoss befindet sich eine sehr stylische Bar. 
Die Zimmer sind gross, ebenso das Bad. Mein Zimmer war etwas abgewohnt, aber das nimmt man beim Zimmerpreis gerne hin. Auf Nachfrage über die Zufriedenheit zum Aufenthalt kommt auf Kritik hierzu tatsächlich eine personalisierte Antwort von der Hoteldirektion. Das hab ich bisher noch nicht erlebt.
Insgesamt eine empfehlenswerte location für einen wirklich super Preis. 
4 Sterne!
Großes Pro dieses Hotels: die Lage. 
Grassmarket, Royal Mile, Edinburgh Castle sind innerhalb von 5, die Princes Street innerhalb von ca. 10-15 Minuten zu Fuß zu erreichen. Ein Sainsbury Local (ein kleiner Express-Supermarkt) ist nur ca 100-150m entfernt.

In der stylischen Lobby gibt es kostenfreies WLAN, das Hotel-eigene Restaurant bzw. die Bar lohnen sich eher nicht - gegenüber gibt es zwei Pubs, die beide besseres Essen in authentischerer Atmosphäre für weniger Geld bieten.

Das Personal war sehr freundilich und ist bei Bedarf mehrsprachig. Unser Zimmer war in Ordnung, einzig im Bad befand sich etwas Schimmel (mehr dazu unten bei Contra 2). Der versprochene castle view war allerdings nur erahnbar, wenn man sich ausreichend verrenkt hat.


Großes Contra 1: Die Lautstärke.
Weniger von draussen als viel mehr vom Flur und den Zimmernachbarn. Die Wände bestehen scheinbar aus Papier und man hört wirklich alles (ja, leider alles!) was im Nachbarzimmer so vor sich geht. Hinzu kommt, dass die Türen konstruktionsbedingt von selbst zufallen - und das ziemlich laut. Besonders schön mit den dünnen Wänden So wird man zwischen 22 und 3 Uhr immer mal wieder von vermeintlichen mittelschweren Erdbeben aus dem Schlaf gerissen. 
Wir haben uns dann Ohrenstöpsel besorgt - das erste Mal, dass ich die Teile benötigte um schlafen zu können.

Großes Contra 2: Die Luft.
Das Hotel besteht aus einem alten Bau und einem modernen Anbau mit Glasfront. Hierzu muss ich sagen, dass dieses Problem scheinbar in den Zimmern im alten Teil des Hotels nicht besteht.
Im neuen Teil allerdings lassen sich die Fenster aufgrund der stylischen Glasfront nicht öffnen - Was dazu führt, dass die einzige Frischluft durch die schwachbrüstige und nicht regelbare Klimaanlage kommt. Besonders interressant wird das dann, wenn Morgens nacheinander 2 Personen duschen - Abends ist es dann im Zimmer immer noch warm-feucht und muffig. Dadurch, dass die Feuchtigkeit nicht anständig abziehen konnte hat sich im Bad auch entsprechend Schimmel gebildet.


Abgesehen davon ist das Hotel eigentlich empfehlenswert. Meine Prioritäten lagen hier eindeutig auf der Lage, daher war ich mit dem The Point zum bezahlten Preis eigentlich recht zufrieden.
Nettes Hotel in sehr zentraler Lage, das allerdings schon etwas in die Jahre gekommen ist.
Die Einrichtung der Zimmer und v.a. die Teppiche überall haben die besten Jahre schon hinter sich
Zimmer und Bad waren aber groß und sauber.
Ein dickes Minus gibt es für die Tatsache, daß es im Bad keine Heizung gab! Also hieß es: Nach dem Aufstehen und v.a. nach dem Duschen FRIEREN!
Das Frühstücksbuffel bot eine ausreichende Auswahl und wurde bis zum Schluß immer wieder aufgefüllt.
A small, very welcoming hotel, the Howard is both friendly and elegant. The rooms are lovely, the service is perfection itself.
Highest recommendation!
Afternoon tea is excellent.
I have had afternoon tea here on a number of occasions and it is a real treat. The service and ambiance are just wonderful, the tea menu extensive. I have always stuck to the Howard Afternoon blend. The food consists of sandwiches, scones, cakes all home made, all delicately served but very filling. 

I miss lunch and dinner when I have afternoon tea.

I would recommend this for adults who appreciate the Georgian surroundings, a very quiet atmosphere and good home made food.
Room: Amazing.
Service: Pretty good.
Sound level: Pretty quiet.
Price: SUPER REASONABLE.

I decided to get away for the weekend and turned to Edinburgh for my adventuring. A few quick clicks on Booking.com made me realize something: I could just a star or two in a hotel rating by just being a mile outside of Old Town. SOLD!

The room I booked was the Luxury Double (see: pictures) and the room was named the Ravelston. Second floor room and rear-facing for extra-quiet abilities (aside from the squeaky floor).

The Howard has a Butler service and two of the three I was quite happy with; they were friendly, helpful and useful.

The room service is incredibly reasonable: you want tea? They bring a fresh pot at no charge. Want to order from their menu? It costs as much as any cafe you could venture to. And, with any room booked it came with breakfast- so there's that.

I feel like The Howard won 4-4.25 stars from me. I was happy, comfortable, relaxed and they accommodated quite well to my antisocial tendencies. So, what are they missing? I think the food is a bit under par to be considered 5-star as are their drinks. 

This place was quite lovely, I would definitely consider booking again.
I've been to dinners/balls here twice now, and I have to say I'd probably choose the Roxburghe if  I needed a venue for a swanky party.

The venue itself is gorgeous, it really epitomises all the Georgian glamour of the New Town with the opulent décor and grand high ceilings. The staff are really friendly too - if i worked in a fancy hotel the last thing I'd want to have to do would be to wait on a load of students having their end of year balls, but if the staff here thought that they did an excellent job of hiding it.

The other thing that struck me was how nice the food was, considering they were catering for a huge number of people the attention to detail and consistency in the quality of all 3 courses was commented on by several people at our table.

The drinks prices at the cash bar were a bit excessive though, although I suppose it's only to be expected oin a nice hotel. And I guess you do have to treat yourself every once in a while!

It may not have the same reputation as The Balmoral, but I'd say this place is batter hands down.
I've stayed here a few times and always had a great experience so it's the place I always recommend to friends visiting Edinburgh. Great location, nice rooms and very friendly staff but my most recent trip has me feeling a bit disappointed. 
The Internet / Wifi throughout the hotel has not worked for my stay so won't be staying here again.
To be honest the best part of this hotel is the breakfast and the location. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of July. 

We were coming for a wedding from the states and were extremely tired when we arrived. It was earlier than normal check-in so we made sure we had talked to reception before our arrival to see if we could get in early. There wasn't going to be a problem. However, when we arrived we were told our room wasn't ready and we could check our bags with the concierge. We understood we were there early so no big deal. We checked our bags and decided to roam around the city. It was beautiful!!! But after about 2 hours of roaming we went back to the hotel. We waited in front of reception...EXHAUSTED! The two receptionists talked back and forth and spent lots of time on the phones, yet failed to straighten the awards and recognition plaques on the wall behind them. It was almost like a fun-house mirror. Finally, after sitting in the reception area for 30 minutes an older couple went up to the receptionist and checked in! My husband got up and then asked the same receptionist if our room was ready now....shocking, it was! They couldn't have told us that when were were basically falling asleep on the couches??!?! BTW this lobby seriously needs some updating. We then were approached by Gavin the concierge. He was very polite and welcoming. He greeted us and walked us to our room! It was nice to see someone who actually cared about customer service. The only thing was he said he was going to be available all weekend and I think we maybe saw him one other time in 5 days/4nights. 
When we got to our room it was the size of a shoe-box. The bed was very comfy. There were NO electrical outlets in the bathroom and No robes. We called reception about the robes and they said we didn't have a room that was suppose to have robes...huh, a four star hotel??? But they brought us robes anyways, so that is one star (I guess)...Another thing is the hair-dryer, ugh. Coming from the states I figured this again 4 start hotel would have appropriate hair dryers. There was one in the desk drawer, yet the cord was barely long enough to reach out of the drawer let alone to my head or the mirror! Super frustrating for us women. I had to go across the street to Toni and guy to get a hair blow-dry! 
To the good....
Breakfast!!!! We had breakfast in bed all four days of our stay and it was great! Very warm by the time it got to us and de-lish! My husband especially loved the black pudding. 
Also, the spa was good. I would give the spa 4 out of 5 stars. I had an hour-long massage and it was almost perfect. The girl applied the amount of pressure I liked and I also liked that she let me pick the scent of the balm she used. Awesome! The only thing was the music. It wasn't exactly 100% relaxing. It was more trendy dinner music, kinda weird. 

Our stay was ok, but just ok... serious updating needed all around. Maybe I had a different image in my mind for this hotel considering my husband and I stayed at another Macdonald hotel in Windsor, UK in December of 2010 and it was stunning!!!
Rooms small (apart from one or two fantastic suites). All a bit tired now.
Full of american coach parties.
Oh.. and they play "highland music" over breakfast.  I think that says everything that needs to be said.
When I travel all I really want out of a hotel is a decent place to fall asleep so I cannot really review this hotel for its extra ammenities. The Roxburghe has comfy beds and the rooms, though small, are well maintained. The heated towel rack was a nice touch. I am going to be disappointed when a hotel does not have that from now on. 

The basement gym is actually quite large for a hotel. The equpiment is a little old, but it has pretty much everything you need from cardio machines to free weights. There is also a pool but I did not check it out. Check-in/check-out was simple and straightforward. The location was also incredibly convenient - near bus stops and walking distance to Old Town. Other than free internet access, I couldn't ask for much more!
We decided to go to The Roxburghe Hotel for christmas Dinner. When we booked we were advised that we would be given Champagne and canapes on arrival. We took a seat in one of the smaller reception areas just outside the restaurant and I noticed a waitress filling up champagne glasses..so we waited....and waited, then noticed other guest go up and take a glass, so not to be one to miss out on the champagne action, i proceeded to ask for a glass, of which the waitress seemed a little shocked, but what happened to champagne on arrival , was really expecting someone to hand me one? preferably on a silver tray!! goodness lol. We did have some canapes, this time thankfully a waiter came to offer some! 
Our meal was very very nice. I started with smoked salmon, Venision for main and creme brulee, the creme brulee was think and creamy and extra crunchy on top - only downside is their really was not enough!! 
We were designated a waitress and she was extremely attentive and friendly, and we appreciated that even more as it was christmas day and working on christmas day does suck!. Im not entirely sure if it was worth £90 per person, but it was a lovely experience.
Reviewing about the swimming pool/steam room and sauna.

I have been using these facilities since September 2013. I chose to join their club due to a corporate offer they had: £30 per month including gym, sauna, swim, steam room at no additional cost, longer hours than the Dalry leisure pool and closer to my office. 

Additionally, they offer courtesy towel, shower gel and shampoo in showers that have curtains. No need to have coins to use a locker - staff will give you a key when they scan and keep your membership card. 

Unfortunately the pool is only 12meters long, but it's not that busy as other places I have been so you could swim in circles if you like! 

Sauna reaches only up to 93 degrees roughly - I would love it being a bit warmer. 

From time to time the shampoo or shower gel might have finished in two of the three showers so you need to look for one that still have some, but if you bring your own no need to worry. 

Better have your sandals with you, as people will walk with their shoes in the area where you walk after your shower and go to change next to your locker. 

Still a member and yes, recommending it!
My partner and I were pointed in the direction of Rick's from a bouncer around the corner at The Opal Lounge (who had politely informed us that we were 2 years late for dinner service there!). We walked in and both thought yeah, just what we are looking for. It had that cosy feel, but with a buzz from music and people having fun (it was a Fri night). We were going to be seated next to the door but asked if we could have something further back and she took us to the conservatory. The smell of mint (from the frehly-made mojito's hit us as we walked through and whet our appetite for a cocktail from the (very) long selection list and both were happy with our choices.


 On to the food, to start I had the butternut squash & ginger soup and my GF had the mussels. Both were very good (and very decent portion sizes). A glass of house red each next with our mains and I don't know if they accidentally gave us red from the wrong bottle, but it was absolutely delicious.


 For mains, I had the rack of lamb with mushroom rosti (both were excellent and the lamb was cooked perfectly, if not slightly fatty). GF had pan-friend sea bass on a bed of scallop/king prawn risotto and we both agreed that this was one of the best risottos we'd ever had.


 After these considerable portions, there was no space for desert. We were also delighted to find out that our mains were BOGOF and the total bill came to a reasonable £50 (+ tips). Staff were friendly.
A nice experience.
You'd be forgiven for walking straight past the entrance to this place, tucked down a flight of steps just off George Street, but in my opinion that's half of it's charm. It's popular and highly-regarded without needing to shout about it; people know about it because of the quality, not because it's in your face.

It's easy to see why. When you step inside it's like being on some sort of Japanese garden terrace, with the green leafy plants and water feature. Rick's pay great attention to detail: every table has a copy of that morning's newspaper neatly folded on it, next to the fresh flowers, and the service is efficient without being annoying and intrusive.

Although it's never going to make the Top 10 list of cheapest places in Edinburgh, you do get what you pay for. That said, at the moment all of the Montpeliers venues have their "Better By Half" promos on: glasses of house wine, selected cocktails, selected beers and even champagne by the glass are all half price at the moment. I've been making the most of these offers every time I'm out for fear that they might finish soon, but despite my panic-drinking it seems they're here to stay for a whie yet. Happy Days.

I've only ever drunk here, but one of these days I will be going for food... the plates I've seen being carried to other tables do look and smell gorgeous. There are always enough people in here to give the place a nice buzz, but never enough to make it the kind of busy where service starts to slump and the temperature goes through the roof.
Rick's is a bit more unassuming than some of the other bars in the same area, hiding away beneath the basement area of Frederick Street, but really a lovely, chic little place to hang out of an evening and sip a beautifully chilled and superbly bubbly prosecco, much like I recently did. Mmmmm, prosecco, can't beat some fizzy, perfect temperature, liquid joy on a beaming sunny day.

There is outside seating at Rick's, immediate tick in the bonus check list, plus it does a really tasty, classic but modern range of food, for meals at both lunch and dinner. I've done both before, and have no complaints, the service has always been friendly and efficient, and the dining experience as a whole has been really positive.

Rick's definitely handles the mix of bar and restaurant well, with most people having no qualms about just sitting at the bar having a drink, while groups eat nearby. Some bar/restaurants make this an awkward experience, but the stylish, all round good looks of Rick's, and crucially its non-pretentiousness, make it a really attractive place to have a few cocktails with friends or have a relaxed banter over some food.
I really have nothing to compare Rick's to, considering we were in Edinburgh for about 48 hours for a wedding and didn't really have the opportunity to explore the nightlife around the city. But that's not to say I didn't do my fair share of drinking thanks to Matty and friends behind the bar. They make some excellent cocktails, reasonably priced, and fabulous, friendly service. 

The rooms are really comfortable and sleek, but beware - it's quite difficult to sleep on the weekend evenings as the bars let out around 3am and the noise carries - FAR. My suggestion: take Matty's recommendation for the piano bar next door and stumble home at 3:30am. Problem solved.
I know I gave Rick's 5 stars last time, I think I love it even more now. Like all the Montpeliers venues they have selected drinks on half price, which means you can enjoy the gorgeous surroundings without the expected price tag. 

But the best thing about Rick's in comparison to all the other places in this chain is that the cocktails included in the Better By Half promo are amaaaaazing and not like cocktails you'd find in any other bar. Although the Vanilla Daisy came in a depressingly small glass, the combination of vanilla vodka, grenadine, fresh lime, egg whites and soda slid down dangerously nicely. What I especially liked was that a lot of the ingredients were home-made, like the grenadine in my cocktail or the lemon sherbert in my friend's. 

And at only £3.50 each we could afford to have a few too many.
Having read Cheryl C's, Fiona H's and other reviews below, I had high hopes. I know Cheryl C likes her cocktails, and on an evening when I wanted a nice meal and *good* cocktails with a long-lost friend of two years, Rick's seemed to tick both those boxes in one.

Both the meal and the cocktails were nice, they just weren't worth writing home about. To elaborate...

The meal was quite nice, but quite generic. The £10 offer they have is quite bizarre. It's £10 for a main and either starter or pud, from a slightly more limited menu, but that menu includes a lot of the mains that are normally £14. That may tell you something about the quality of the food. It is by no means bad, it was good and I ate all of mine, but it was very generic.

The salmon sashimi was really just unsmoked salmon and dip. Not very sushi-esque. The chicken caeser salad was slightly dry (the chicken that is) the sauce tasted, I hate to say, out of a jar, and there were only two anchovies in my salad. I ate it, like I said, but as a foodie did not rave once. My friend's chicken parfait was also quite nice, in fact the nicest thing out of all (very rich and porty) but once chicken parfait does not a stellar dining experience make.

The lemon tart for dessert also tasted bought in. Nice-ish but lemon tart can be done SO well. This was very bland. And a little too heavy on the berry compote (it looked a bit like a bloody masacre).

The staff, however, were really friendly and sweet. And we were really, noteable impressed that they managed to serve the table of 14 beside us so efficiently. Their food came out quickly, and mains followed starters quite swiftly. But again, what does that say for the quality of prep in the kitchen....?

We switched to the bar for cocktails. A bit more lively, but the vibe here is definitely not the hip-and-happenin' one we were after. Suited office workers, a few friends out for a drink, but a bit quiet. It was Tuesday evening though. I had the El Diablo - tequila based with raspberries. It had a kick but tasted a lot like any other fruity, tequila based cocktail I've had. My friend's Aviator was far more unique and had a great kick. There's a huge cocktail list, but the prices are too much for what they offer. I've been to other cocktail connosieur bars where it's consistently cheaper with far more character and personality.

So overall I had a nice time here, but that's as exciting a word as I can think of to describe it. Were I invited to another dinner back here with a group of friends I wouldn't hesitate or say no - but I wouldn't be excited either.
I went for an early dinner the other night. As it was before 6pm we had to go for the Lunch menu which is the 2 mains for a tenner. Good deal, although menu little limited. We both opted for the gnocchi with chicken and spinach in a very nice creamy sauce. A very filling meal.Also had a nice balsamic salad to share. 
My friend had some sort of chocolate brownie style dessert with mascarpone cheese, which we both enjoyed!
Yes nice place to dine. Been a few times and will continue to go there
from time to time.
Its a good place to go on a sunny evening as sun pours in and the windows are open. Also adequate dining/seating outside.
Rick's use to be a regular haunt of mine, but I'm there less often, these days. This was the first time I'd eaten there in a while, and I have to say that I was rather underwhelmed.

Overall, we said: "unless my memory is very much mistaken, I've eaten many better meals than this in Rick's. This meal was in the territory of posh pub grub, whereas I had previously come to expect restaurant quality dishes. It's still a very stylish spot for drinks, so I'll definitely be back, but I'll think twice about eating here, next time."
I had been to Rick's before for drinks and knew that it was a nice bar and had heard good things about the restaurant so decided to book online and go for a meal.

On arrival, it was a bit hard to find the right person to ask for our reservation but we got there in the end! 
Unfortunately, we were seated in the part of the restaurant that is more of an extension of the bar than anything else and were, as a consequence, plagued by very loud music throughout our meal. It wasn't a deal breaker, it just meant that we had to shout over our meal to have any sort of conversation - not ideal.

Now, the food! The Thai soup starter was fantastic however the rest was good but not great. To begin with they were out of the fish which was my first choice and I found the lamb to be quite dry with an odd selection of vegetables. 
I'm told the beef selection was quite nice, but nothing very special.

The drinks afterward were very nice and quickly made cocktails. 

All the staff were very friendly and helpful.

Over-all we had a nice evening but I don't think we'll be going back here for a meal.
Two mains for a tenner sounded pretty good - particularly when one of the menu options was an 8 ounce burger with a side of fries.  For the non-bovine inclined there was a reasonable selection of alternatives.  Sadly my partner was non-plussed about her focaccia and roasted vegetables - it looked a pretty half-hearted effort to me.

The burger was good, with just enough charred edges to let you forget about an  unused udder dangling in a field somewhere. 

A good selection of beers on draft, but be warned - they don't come cheap.  A couple of pints of Blue Moon set me back over a tenner.  I'm maybe out of touch with pint prices, but i haven't had a bill shock like that since I filled up the car on super unleaded.

Decor typical of the chain, but pleasant enough and attentive and polite staff.  Not quite 4 star stuff for me, but a safe bet for a spot of lunch.
We had been wanting to pop in for a while, but just never seem to be in this end of town when we are looking for food or drinks. I had heard some really good things so when a voucher popped up I jumped at the opertunity to dine out here. On arrival you wander down some steps to the basement bar/reception area and the staff member that greeted us was friendly and welcomiong. The decor was contempory but... comfortable I guess, so the feeling of the place ends up being relaxed but trendy. Good start.

The staff through out the meal were friendly and proffessional even adjusting the sharing platter for a vegetarian option without fuss. To be honest I really could not fault the staff infact I think the service was great! The wine was another big thumbs up from me and the missus. 

The food however was just okay. Everything appeared very quickly as in the wine appeared and then a minute or so later the food. I guess this is a good thing it just felt a bit odd. The quality and presentation were fine, but again just okay. Nothing to really bang on about either way. The couple on the table next to us seemed to be having a similiar experince. 

I would pop back in for a drink, but I dont think I would go out of my way to eat here again. Nice place, great staff but slightly lack lustre food.
I had snapped up a 5pm.co.uk deal for Rick's a few months ago which had actually expired, but the management at Rick's were very co-operative about it.  There was a supplement for booking the deal on a Saturday so I ended up paying £135 for a bed/2 cocktails/breakfast package which I think should have cost around £185.

I had a pleasant experience, there are nice touches in the room like an iPod dock and hair straighteners.  The cocktails were great and breakfast was tasty.  Fair enough as other reviewers have noted there is no view to speak of, but if you walk 4 minutes to the end of Frederick Street you get a picture-postcard view of the Castle which is genuinely breathtaking.  On the downside: i) the bed was 2 singles pushed together and was incredibly spongy; ii) whoever was in the room upstairs had their marching boots on and woke me up; and iii) the room was incredibly hot.  A good night's sleep is unlikely to occur!

In summary however it's a nice place with nice staff in a great location and although I may have felt a bit overcharged if I had paid top whack, £135 felt OK.
Stayed here for two nights during a honeymoon trip to Scotland.  A top notch hotel located in the heart of Edinburgh.  Very stylish modern décor in the hotel and restaurant, many complimentary amenities in the room, world-class breakfast (I'm talking about a huge selection of items, cooked fresh to order and outstanding quality) and it was super clean throughout the building. The only thing preventing it from being a five star review is that there is no lift or convenient passage for hotel guests going from the entrance to their rooms.  You must navigate a narrow path through the actual restaurant.  However the clerk was kind enough to help with the luggage.  As others had mentioned, the racket of the bin collectors in the morning is loud enough to wake you up.  Although I can't really fault the hotel for that fact.  At the end of the day, you'll get great treatment and a very comfortable stay for the money you pay (very competitive price compared to similar hotels nearby).
Armed with a Voucher for a posh Burger meal Anita and I were not disappointed. 
The burgers are normally served on their lunch menu but for the sake of the voucher they have made those available for evenings too. 

Rick's is an boutique hotel, and the reception, bar & dining area is functional and modern with warm touches in colour and materials used. 

The voucher had Innis & Gunn as the beer option, but that was not available and I chose the Grolsch swing-top instead. No complaints there :o)

The burgers were big, juicy and well filled. The fries were skinny and crisp. 
I liked the meal and would recommend taking the burgers here. Though remember that you normally will have to fork out around £10-£13 for the burger - that to me is loosing 1 star. 

Service was very attentive, efficient and pleasant. Top marks! 
I'd go back.
Two friends and I had lunch here today, my second time visiting. They took advantage of the 2 mains for £10 deal while I had the leek and gruyere tartlet--yum!!! We ate outside in the intermittent sun, and my tartlet was gooey and hot and decadent, without being at all heavy. It came with a little pile of sticky onions which were extraordinary and full of flavour. Enjoyable place to have a casual lunch with good tasty food.
In the last 6 months Ricks has definitely had a good shake up, and after my fantastic experience last week I think things can only get better. The bar team are innovative and original and during a busy Friday night shift never failed to impress me as I worked my way through the new cocktail list! And the bar snacks were unique and delicious! The DJ provides a funky relaxed atmosphere and gradually builds up the beats to get you in that weekend mood! I will be back again and again and will be taking all my friends too! I recommend a passionfruit frozen margarita or 'busy with the fizzy' strawberry soda stream cocktail! Just fab!
Had dinner here last night with 2 friends and was very impressed. How they manage to produce 3 courses of such quality for £14.95 is a wonder. Service was always efficient and polite and mostly timely. The occasional cobweb in view and the misspelling of California on the wine list were minor quibbles. All 3 of us began with the Goats Cheese Crumble w/ Beetroot. For main I had the Turkey Fillet (ordering a side-dish of veg with this might be a good idea for some), whilst the girls enjoyed the sirloin on one hand and the Pea Risotto on the other. To finish I plumped for the Banana & Peanut Cheesecake which was an acquired taste but I certainly got what I asked for and the portion size rivals Howie's famous Banoffe Pie. The Chilean Cab. Sauv. I washed my food down with was a decent little number too (half bottle £12). Definitely one to go back to. Stopped back in here for Afternoon Tea at the end of last week. Good vfm at £14.95 (like most hotels the bar prices are steeper than average though) but could have done with jam to go with the scones & cream and I imagine there are probably other places in town that have an edge over it for this sort of thing. If you go though take the option of having it in the garden at the rear as it's much more chilled than the bar or lobby.
I would never consider staying anywhere but the Parliament House Hotel when visiting Edinburgh.  Were I suddenly and miraculously endowed with enormous fortune and had the means to stay at the finest suites at the Ritz-Carlton, I would still prefer the charm of the Parliament to the grandeur of the RC.  The rooms are spacious for European hotel rooms and impeccably clean with deliciously comfortable beds; the bathroom was enormous with excellent water-pressure in the showers and, as previously mentioned, plenty of hot water; the location was superb--only a few minutes' walk to the train station and many wonderful pubs and attractions, and Calton Hill right across the street offering spectacular views of the city and the Firth of Forth; the restaurant served delectable food--the vegetable terrine had us bewitched; a parlour with all the warm and welcoming character of the Victorian home you've always dreamed of in your rosiest fits of unfounded nostalgia, with wood panelling and squashy armchairs and a perpetual cheery fire in the grate; a toothsome selection of regional whiskys and other hot beverages to soothe the spirits and kindle the heart; but best of all by far was the staff.  Every person from the desk attendant to the chamber maid to the server in the restaurant was a delight to interact with an a true comfort to the traveller.  Every staff member clearly worked their tuchus off seeing to the needs of their patrons, but never once was their kindness, friendliness, and attentiveness detracted from in the slightest bit by any hint of weariness or indifference.  One truly felt a welcome guest in the home of an dear friend.  No matter how much we had done during the day, when we came home in the evening we took the time to relax in the lobby with after-dinner drinks and a chat with whatever receptionist on duty, and it was some of the most delightful time we spent on an imcomparably delightful trip.  Cannot recommend highly enough.
Interesting.  Some fairly vanilla rooms, which are reasonable, but one or two very old, wood-panelled rooms with gorgeous decorative plastered ceilings.  Presumably a over a hundred years old..  These come with fairly ageing fittings, but worth it nonetheless.
The rooms are decent and clean.
The breakfast is basic, but not included. They have a half decent selection on their menu, and there is a breakfast buffet with cereals, croissants and sometimes muffins. The service is slow, so make sure you have time if you order anything from their menu. 
My main complaint on this hotel is their internet. It disconnects all the time, and sometimes for up to half an hour at a time. It's just really unstable.
The Scotsman hotel is in what was the Scotsman Newspaper building. When I was a kid I remember getting a guided tour and I remember it being noisy and full of machinery. The paper has long since relocated to the purpose built HQ in Holyrood Road. The refit preserved many beautiful original features of the building like the wooden paneled reception room that is now the bar. The stairwell is stunning all black and white tiles.
It has a gym, spa and stainless steel pool.
I've not stayed but I've been here many times hosting training sessions. Some of the function rooms have very low ceilings. As the building was a renovated place of work, it can be a rabbit warren and I've lost a few delegates as they went to the toilet. They serve coffee in mugs that have crosswords on them, nice touch.
We ventured into the Scotsman Hotel restaurant for a pre-theatre dinner. Their set menu for this was quite limited, but was a nice mix nonetheless.


 The food itself was undoubtedly delicious, but could've done with being a lot hotter. I don't know if the food was left sitting for a while after we'd ordered, or whether in fact it was made and plated up before we'd ordered.


 The staff were pleasant, and the atmosphere was also very nice.


 As for prices - hmmmm, it turned out to be an expensive exercise in the end, though we did have a bottle of wine from their extensive (and somewhat over the top expensive) collection.
I used to love coming here with my mum for a cocktail before going into George St for dinner, but the last few times I've been have left me a bit disappointed. It was once really busy with a great atmosphere, and really quite cool! The dark brown theme made it seem mysterious and trendy, but my last few visits found the dark brown theme seem dirty and almost shabby. The staff are really friendly and make an effort to welcome you and serve you but again I feel it has gone a bit downhill. The cocktails are really good though, but pricey.
Maybe all it needs is a new lick of paint or an update. This used to be one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh, so I really hope it gets its act together so I can be a regular once again!
I have to say, the bartenders here definitely know how to make a French Martini.

I went in here last time my parents were in Edinburgh - we wanted somewhere where we could go and have a nice relaxed cocktail and a few nibbles, and happened to be walking past so thought we'd give it a go. The bar/brasserie area is absolutely gorgeous... it's all lovely dark wood panelling and sumptuous leather amrchairs to relax in whilst you sip, but it still has a fashionably modern feel to it.

I have to be honest, it was pricey. Almost to the point of being ridiculously overpriced, and if I'd been paying the bill then I'd probably have liked it a lot less. For the price of 2 cocktails, a large glass of wine and a sharing platter of bread/olives/cheeses etc you could easily have had dinner for 3 somewhere else.

Great for those times you want to treat yourself, but for a normal cocktail I can think of other places that are just as good but much more reasonably priced.
This swish bar mostly attracts business people for clientale, and although no one will ever openly admit to it, you are x-rayed scanned as soon as you step you converse-cladded-foot in here.Ah Edinburgh.

 Located in the building that homes the newspaper the Scotsman its interior layout is very modern. I have yet to try the food here, but my fancy gin'n't was perfect. Ambience is great here if there are other people. Otherwise it can be... a bit too quiet for comfort.
Wow. My last review of this place was of my visit to the bar, but when my parents styed in the hotel here for my graduation the whole thing was so amazing I have to write an update.

They were upgraded to a suite without even asking, and for no apparent reason, for starters. And the "can't do enough for their customers" attitude was apparent in every aspect of the service, especially the receptionist and concierge. If someone asked me to recommend a premium hotel in Edinburgh, I'd definitely say this one over the likes of The Balmoral.
I've never stayed at the Scotsman Hotel, although I can imagine with it being a five star boutique hotel, spending a few nights here would probably be delightful. The main staircase in the Scotsman Hotel is something to behold, as is the actual building itself, which juts out into the Edinburgh landscape, and is accessed from North Bridge. The building is Victorian, and with its turrets and stained glass windows, is simply stunning.

Despite having not stayed overnight in the hotel, I do have experience of drinking at the bar, surprise, surprise, and having a few cocktails in what used to be the offices for the Scotsman newspaper has massive atmospheric appeal for me. Coming to work here in the heyday of print journalism must have been absolutely awesome. The North Bridge Brasserie and Bar, where you can have yourself a classy and well concocted selection of cocktails, and other beverages, used to be the reception room for the newspaper, and is equally as striking as the rest of the building. Definitely recommended, not least for the rich history and grand atmosphere of the venue.
Wonderful rooms, spacious bathroom in editor suite. Pleasant and helpful staff, met every request. Dining was the only non-5 star because they were a bit overwhelmed by the size of the crowd, but the staff was pleasant a tried their best to accommodate everyone.  The food was well prepared and good quality.  I would still give the North Bridge Brasserie a 4 star rating. Excellent location to old and new town attractions.  Would highly recommend with anyone who would be spending the Christmas holiday away from home.  I only wish the spa hadn't been completely booked during our stay because I'm sure it is wonderful as well.
My favorite hotel in Europe after a monthlong stay.  We had an editor's suite and it was a huge room.  Two rooms large rooms actually. Large bathroom. Excellent service, great location.  Very nice pool.  Loved everything about the place!  It is nice but not stuffy.  Hope to visit again one day!
My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. The lobby is gorgeous, we were given a complimentary taste of whiskey, and since it was our anniversary, they sent up 2 glasses of champagne as well. The room was beautiful, large lovely bathroom, and breakfast in the morning was so above and beyond the traditional continental breakfast. Staff were courteous, helpful and friendly. Lots of shops nearby as well as the castle. Discounted car park available.
I think I chose to go to this hotel at the wrong time - Christmas, myself and family went for Christmas lunch. I was impressed by the interior and the food served, however this was greatley let down by the service, or lack of it. They really could have benefitted by having more staff serving as we waited more than the expected time between courses. A-ok for Christmas lunch, but probably not worth the money paid and will be looking elsewhere for our lunch this year.
This review is for the restaurant and bar only, not having stayed there. 

Eat and drink here. It looks like it would be a tourist trap but it's a lovely pampering and delicious treat. I would absolutely return here over the Witchery and even the Castle Terrace, two other restaurants not really in my price range that I can't believe I ate at. 

The whiskey recommendations were sound, the waitstaff was sweet, and the food was delicious. I ordered and/or poached from my friend the smoked salmon appetizer, the haggis, the dry aged beef with whiskey and cheese sauce, and the cheese plate dessert. Amazing. 

Seriously, eat here. I can't wait for my next opportunity to do so.
A large group of us Yelpers came here for an afternoon tea today. I was keen to test the quality of The Scotsman version as I've been disappointed recently with afternoon teas.

I expected us to be seated in the main brasserie area but surprisingly we were led to a beautifully decorated room in the back, all set up with white tablecloths and pink orchid flowers. Very lovely although in normal circumstances if you only had a small group the lack of other customers might make this a bit lacking in atmosphere. No opportunity to people watch. 

As we were a large group, the sandwiches, scones and mini cakes were plated up separately but I think they normally come on a 3 tiered stand as you would expect. Everything was fresh and tasty. Ham, egg, cheese & pickle and salmon & cream cheese sandwiches (cucumber and cream cheese offered for one of tge veggie option alternatives). Scones lovely - crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Mini jam pots were on offer. A lot of places go this route as I suppose it's easier but to me 'special' means homemade jam. The mini cakes were nice but nothing out of the ordinary. I tried the flapjack, brownie and crannachan before I admitted defeat and couldn't eat another morsel. No macaroons :(

The service was top notch though. I couldn't tell if this was normal or because we were in a group. Nevertheless they were very attentive, speedy and accommodated the vegetarian and gluten free requests brilliantly. 

The tea choice wasn't extensive. Maybe 10 teas in total and most of them run of the mill teas. My earl gray was a bit weak but it was served in a large teapot which I liked as I had more than enough tea that lasted throughout. I hate being offered individually sized pots that maybe do 2 small cups. 

I would go back but can't rate it 5 stars as nothing stood out as "wow" or special enough to warrant a higher rating. Room for improvement but overall a nice experience.
The Scotsman Hotel is a great venue for many occasions, this occasion was a afternoon tea with some Yelpers in one of the function rooms. It was a nice big banquet table set up and we were brought to the room by one of the bartenders. We were then handed to the very capable hands of a function manager - she took our coats and  sat us down.  

we were sat on a table with full linen and (porcelain?) crockery. Our water glasses were promptly filled. Once we all sat down she placed the napkin and took our tea orders. They had a full complement of loose teas. 
I went for the famous Scotsman breakfast and an additional Jasmine green tea. These are served in full sized classic teapots and strainers. 

She also fully explained the delight that were served to us - after ensuring that there were any dietary requirements. 
Scones, clotted cream, sliders, bon bons, profiteroles, soldier cut crust-less sandwiches with salmon cucumber, egg, ham, cheese and also some flap jacks and carrot cakes. 

The acoustics of the room allowed for a conversation to be followed from all over the table without getting too loud., although the level of conversation topics was at times a bit questionable, but that cannot be attributed to the Scotsman :o)

I had a wonderful time and relay enjoyed the visit. This is something i would be proud to take my mum to when she visits Edinburgh!
Posh pinkies at the ready dahlings, it was time for the Yelpers to do afternoon tea.

I had expected us to be seated in the North Bridge Brassiere, which would have been nice enough as its all leather seating and dark wood, but myself and Tanja were surprised to be informed that we were to be seated in the drawing room - oooh, posh...

Our table for tea for 12 awaited us, a lovely linen clad table with pink orchids upon it which were surprisingly tall (though I could duck under to say hello to fellow Yelpers). The room has its own designated 'Afternoon Tea Manager' who explained what would happen and also took into account our diverse dietary needs - gluten free, vegetarian, no fish, etc. Tea orders were taken and then when big teapots arrived, I assumed they'd be shared but no, these were our individual teapots. I really enjoyed my Edinburgh Breakfast tea but I know the Earl Grey Yelpers were disappointed.

Myself and Jenny L were sharing a gluten free afternoon tea so we got our own little cake stand with a top tier of cakes, middle tier of scones and clotted cream and bottom tier of sandwiches. After a million photos had been taken, we all dived in. The sandwiches were lovely. The Scotsman uses genius bread and although I would have previously not bought the white and brown before as in its early days, it was lousy, it i much improved and our sandwiches were really tasty. We had cheese and tomato relish, ham and mustard, salmon and cream cheese and egg and cress - about 6 of these mixed variety sandwich fingers each. I have to confess here that today at home, I recreated my cheese and tomato relish on genius white for lunch, as it was so tasty :-)

Having previously done the GF scone test at Casa Angelina, I was curious to see what this would be like but the scone was well made, great texture and had a good height (some GF products don't rise properly). The jam came in little jars which I know Laura D didn't like so much, but for GF and contamination issues, I was more than happy with the jars of strawberry and raspberry jam. The clotted cream came in a ball so there was tons for us to slather on, should we choose to. 

Our top tier came with little bits of cake. I love miniature bites like this so the meringues with lemon curd were lovely, there were rich chocolate truffles, almondy cake - ok so the almondy cake is not home made but I'll forgive that as any cake made from Daim bars is awesome, cranachan spoons and I think a couple of other things which escape me.

We paid £16.95 each for afternoon tea and for me, the sheer amount of food was great. I would come here and do afternoon tea here again as I thought it was well done and it was very good value for money. What was left (I think about 6 boxes of food) was packed up and given to the Yelpers so no cooking for some people last night (I certainly couldn't face more food afterwards).  

Great food and service, nice formal atmosphere (napkins were placed in our lap) and lovely company made this lovely day :-)
Great for a civilised drink, I had wine but the people next to me ordered giant club sandwiches which looked excellent, great relaxing but smart atmosphere, love it
Great pool and lovely hotel.
My husband and I took our honeymoon tour of Ireland and Scotland back in August of 2013. When we were in Ireland, preparing to depart for Edinburgh, my husband was consulting his Scotland guidebook and mentioned to me the tradition of "high tea." It sounded excellent, so I looked online for places that offered a gluten free option for afternoon tea. The Scotsman had rave reviews and was the least expensive option, so we decided to stop there on our first day in Edinburgh after a long day of "touristy" things (Holyrood and the Castle). We did not make a reservation, but stopped in around 3:30 in the afternoon.

We were very impressed with how classy everything seemed. We were ushered into a quiet room with a few other groups scattered around at different tables. It felt very sophisticated and was quite a fun experience. I ordered the gluten free option and my husband went with the regular. I had a pot of apple tea - it was pink when I added the cream! When they brought the tray out, it didn't seem like a lot of food. The height was deceptive - it's really a ton of food. I started with the finger sandwiches and worked my way up the tray. I liked most of the sandwiches, although I did not like one of the fish sandwiches, so I gave it to my husband. 

The thing that really stood out for me was the scone. Oh, my God. The scone. To die for! It was slightly smaller than my husband's gluten-filled counterpart, but the texture was phenomenal (I was recently gluten free at that point). I smothered it with clotted cream and jelly and happily went to town on it. Last, but not least, were the desserts. I remember all of them being delicious, although I seem to recall that the gluten free tray had one less dessert than the regular tray. It didn't matter, though. We both left stuffed. You could have rolled me out of there. Our waiter came back when we were finished and seemed surprised that we finished our trays down to the last crumb. He came across as somewhat haughty and a little judgmental, but we didn't let that get in the way of our experience. We do our best when traveling internationally to be normal, quiet, and respectful (the opposite of the American stereotype some people have). 

Anyway, the point is, definitely come here for tea if you're celiac or gluten intolerant or just gluten free by choice. It is so worth it. My husband loved his tea, too, so the regular must be just as good. It is worth every pence!
We just recently stayed at the Scotsman for a couple of days, and I rate them 4.5 stars (sorry Yelp doesn't offer half stars, so 4 is the closest I can choose.)

The Scotsman is truly a first rate hotel.  To begin with, their location is fantastic for seeing Edinburgh.  They are basically right along the royal mile, and across from the train station.  80% of the main sights in Edinburgh are within a 10 minute walk.  

Then add in that the building is absolutely beautiful, inside and out.  Even if you don't eat at the hotel restaurant, you have to at least stop in for a drink as the wood, marble, and brass make an outstanding atmosphere.  I assume this must have been the lobby of the old newspaper business.  

The rooms are classically decorated and very nice and large.  We stayed in a room overlooking the train station, which I would recommend as the view is stunning from the bay windows.  And thanks to double windows, no noise from the station makes its way into the room.  The, and only improvement they could make is to replace the mattresses with something more comfortable.   

The staff were all very nice, helpful, and made us feel comfortable.  Could not have asked for more from the staff.

Can not comment on the food, as we did not have an opportunity to try the hotel restaurant.  Did I mention how fantastic the Scotsman location is?  Well, that includes 5 minute walk to dozens of restaurants and pubs...which is where we found ourselves for all our meals.

This will be my hotel of choice for any future visits to Edinburgh, and I would highly recommend to anyone.
I've been here a few times but never really happy with service or food. It's just plain and boring food. Just the usual pub grub nothing really cries out. Picked different things off menu every time I've been and nothing really satisfies me. Last time service was really loud. Just puts me off. Maybe I'm just spoilt for choice but I'd choose others above this.
The Laird & Dog Inn is situated in the picturesque hamlet of Lasswade, a rather quaint little area with a 20 minute bus journey into the city centre (according to their web site) and is a "Maclay" Inn. It's a member of CAMRA and also has the "Cask Marque" sign on the wall, so, you're assured of great quality, Real Cask Ale. The inn has 11 en suite bedrooms) and serves food from 8am thru 9pm (it opens at 7am).

I went for their Gourmet Beef Burger with Caramelised Red Onion, Monterey Jack Cheese and washed it down with a pint of St. Andrews Clock Brew.

The Burger was cooked just right (at my request) and was very tasty. The "Classic Burger sauce" (with the burger inside the bun) was the perfect accompaniment. The "Chips" were rather over cooked for my liking (they were far from fresh). I wouldn't say they were tough, but they could easily have been used as nails on a coffin lid. Also, the dip that came with the chips had been sitting around for a while as it has an all too evident skin on top. I tasted the dip once, very bland.

The Beer was perfectly poured with just a tiny head on it, delicious, hoppy and chocolatey.

The service was, er, prompt. The folk who work here are way, way too reserved, not rude, just reserved and have a real need of a sense of humour and should at least try to smile.

One glaring error I just have to mention, cleanliness is not an option, but, a crucial, née vital necessity. The table decoration was a clear glass bowl with glass pebbles and the top of a flower, it was beyond grubby and dirty. I would not like to guess when it was last cleaned. Also, I had asked to move tables due to the air con being too strong. One of the staff had an (evidently dirty) tea towel hanging from his belt, he just grabbed that and gave the most casual of swishes to the table (no spray was used), very unhygienic indeed, there was no telling where that tea towel had been before, or, what it had been used for.

The menu is, weird and seemed to be a hash of several menus from different decades, nothing really gelled, or made much sense.

I found it all one huge anticlimax really as I was hoping to give at least a cheerful 3 star rating, alas, it was not meant to be.

This is one place I won't be returning to.
No wonder this place is always busy, it really has one of the best views in the world. We took two teens here to eat and they loved it. The staff squeezed us in on condition that we vacated before the booking that was coming in later. It is a boutique hotel, I've only eaten here and if that's anything to go by I'm sure staying here would be great. As South Queensferry was a small fishing village, parking is really difficult. Be prepared to park and walk to the restaurant. Even if you don't want to eat, this is a nice place to go for a drink.
A pretty place for pricey drinks along the water.  They have a restaurant angle too, but I've just been for after-dinner drinks. The barstaff were a bit snotty when I asked for dark rum and then saw that they had my brand of choice, Sailor Jerry, and then was told that it wasn't "really a dark rum" and the girl tried to make me get something else.  Thankfully I'm not bullied about my booze! :p

Expensive and a bit out of place in Queensferry, but nice.
Orocco Pier is one of the swankier joints in town. Actually its really a hotel, but is known as a restaurant and bar venue. 

Like its more humble friend down the road, The Boathouse, Orocco Pier's restaurant doesn't have the greatest vegetarian selection. It serves such appetising meals as a "roast suckling pig" (for a bargain £6.35). In the end I did settle for the gnocchi, which tasted nice, but was clearly geared toward people who liked to look at their food more than eat it. The restaurant tends to offer more fancy schmancy dishes like "crab linguine" or "sweet and sour duck leg" (okay maybe not fancy in China, but it is for South Queensferry). For all of these main dishes expect to pay a varied amount of somewhere between £7 and £15.

These dishes are presented a very lovely fashion. But I'm someone that tends to like big portions if I'm splashing out. Maybe I'm just a glutton and need to appreciate the aesthetic of food decoration more. But for now this isn't really my cup of tea.

I should add that like a lot of places in town, Orocco Pier does offer yet another fantastic view of the Forth and the Forth Bridges.
Having been back a handful of times since my first review, I'll give it a raise in starpoints.

I've been here with my boyfriend, with his parents, and with a whole slew of multi-generational family members!  I've had drinks and snacks and they've been served happily (and strongly) and they kept a rather large group of people's drinks straight and quickly served. 

Whenever I'm in Queensferry, I really enjoy the Orocco Pier.
Great view, attentive staff, and may I say delightful choices from light fare to hearty meals. I went with a colleague of mine to celebrate independence day since I was on business travel that day. He had scallops and light fare while I had suckling pig, haggis dumplings, and mashed potatoes in a wonderful gravy like sauce. So delicious. The seafood looked and was reported as delicious and fresh. Desert, I had ice cream and sticky toffee. Huge portion of toffee, but was wonderful. No complaints here at all. Would go again in a heartbeat. Ambiance, service, and delicious food presented with class.
I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time. 
This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose. 
The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner.
I hope to return to Orroco Pier quite soon and give it an upgrade to five star but as I only ate from lunch menu four will have to suffice this time. 
This place has a lovely atmosphere and the decor is trendy and up to date, very much like the menu I suppose. 
The fish cake my friend chose was delicious and the mushroom lasagne that I devoured was calarific with butter cheeses and other yummy ingredient , I always spy on other diners food and the burgers looked huge and very good too. We dined with a child and were given an extra plate and I found the waiter very attentive but not ott. Really liked this place will definitely be going back for dinner.
Oh dear it's down graded the samphire restaurant disappointed with small portions, obviously reheated mash potatoes and over use of micro herbs on a steak, when we had made a point of questioning forth coming herbs on  the menu  - told the herbs ran lightly through the salad - not so - it ruined my husbands steak even though we pointed this out, don't like to complain, no reaction was forth coming. Fault of waitress? Chef? Us..? Sorry won't go back.
Where do I start with Orocco Pier?  Immaculately presented restaurant and a menu to die for!

Starter, main and dessert were all extremely well presented and delicious.  I find it is rare that a restaurant can serve really good pan fried scallops consistently but the chef here has got his technique nailed down!

My only three criticisms (and I hasten to add these are very very minor) are:

1.  The restaurant is a very busy place and can become quite crowded although this is usually the sign of a good restaurant.  It can make it difficult to book a table which takes advantage of the beautiful views.

2.  Being a steak fan I ordered a medium rare steak which in my opinion was under cooked on the outside and a bit over cooked on the inside for medium rare.  The steak was still very tasty though!

3.  We were not offered any condiments with the meal (although I am sure we could have had some if we had asked!).

All in all I would highly recommend it if you are a steak or a seafood fan!  Will certainly be returning!  Our server, Robbie, was extremely polite and attentive.  Well done!
Used to quite like the atmosphere in Orocco Pier. It was a semi-regular haunt for me on a visit to South Queensferry, what with the nice view and warm and cosy space complete with some couches and newspapers. 

However, I hate to be a moan but on my last visit to this place on New Year's Day I was charged £5 for two mugs of tea. Originally they were meant to be presented to me in paper cups but I objected to the idea that I'd sit in at a restaurant and get served hot drinks in paper receptacles. The barman could tell I was peeved and offered to decant the cuppas into mugs. Upon discovering the £5 cost I almost didn't pay for them. I hate being ripped off!! I recognise it was New Year's Day, but come on guys. Five quid for two teabags and milk? It wasn't even table service - I had to sort out my teas at the bar. Grrr.

So, boo to the Orocco Pier. I won't be back. There are plenty other lovely places in South Queensferry that can take my money instead.
Not too familiar with Queensferry and after a quick Yelp consultation, I chose the bar/restaurant at the Orocco Pier hotel, to shelter from the storms outside. And what a good choice it was.

With ambient lighting, polished mahogany floors and a contemporary, stylish interior, it makes for a very comfortable and relaxing space. A large glass front and floor-to-ceiling windows at the back giving it brilliant natural lighting. Not to mention panoramic views out to the Forth and rail bridge!

The menu is a classic bistro type affair with a slight bias towards seafood. It's varied and has something for everyone.

The food is fresh, well cooked and tasty. It certainly warrants a strong three star rating.

The extra star, however, was earned by the staff. The service I received was some of the best I have experienced. Initially, one of my vegan companions ordered off the menu, essentially asking for a goats cheese dish without the cheese. Our waiter decided that it was not good enough and had the kitchen make up an alternative instead.

Initially, I ordered the prawn salad, billed on the menu as "Prawn salad with sun blushed tomato dressing" Despite crossing my mind, I failed to clarify whether or not this was essentially a Prawn Cocktail; something I don't eat. When it came, it was, essentially, a Prawn Cocktail. Explaining this to our server, it was returned to the kitchen with many apologies and replaced with a very tasty, customised dish of grilled prawns. Unexpectedly, we were then offered any drink of our choice 'on the house' as further apology. All of this, despite being in large part my own stupid fault, is certainly impressive service.

Overall, it's a beautiful spot for something (very reasonably priced as well) to eat or just have a drink and enjoy the views.
I have the impression about Orocco Pier that the views it affords customers makes up for many the the shortfall left by the supposedly arty platings of the various dishes served. The table service we experienced was friendly and pretty efficient but price-wise, particularly for drinks, I found it lacking in value for money.

The food was generally tasty enough although I've had better ravioli. It'll be a while before I think about going back.
Sehr nett. Wir hatten einen guten Eindruck von diesem Hotel. Die Zimmer waren recht ruhig - bis auf die lauten Nachbarn - aber da kann das Hotel wenig dafür. Das Personal war hilfreich und nett. Das Frühstück war reichlich und lecker. Die Bar machte Abends ungewohnt bereits um 0:30 Uhr zu. Leider war so kein Schlummertrunk mehr möglich. Die Lage ist optimal für die Erkundung von Edinburgh. Wir würden beim nächsten Mal auf jeden Fall wieder hier nächtigen.
Great location, great views, slightly shabby hotel.

You can tell it's been here a while, as you can still smell the smoke as you walk in. It's got the familiar terrible carpets and wipe-dry curtains in the lobby and rooms, and the staff are just about interested enough but nothing to impress you.

The room we had was surprisingly decent - at least compared to the lobby areas and the other rooms of our party. We did ok. Shame about the two single beds bolted together to make a double though.

The breakfast buffet was very good - it even included haggis!

Location is fantastic. Right on Princes Street opposite the Scott monument. We had great views of the castle too.
For the price, not the greatest experience. Like Craig M. says, it's fairly dated, but the rooms are passable. Great views, if slightly noisy if you have street-facing windows. The staff were very hit-or-miss, ranging from completely unaccamodating to friendly and helpful. Big minuses: no WiFi unless you're in the lounge at perscribed times or want to pay 15 pounds a day for it, and no adapters for my sad USA plugs. I was directed to the supermarket, and then to Marks&Spencer, and then they were out of ideas. It was a good location, but if I'm back in Edinburgh I probably will not opt to stay there again.
I was staying at the MGM Grand this past weekend.  I was playing poker for most of Sunday, but around noon I needed a little something something while waiting for dinner later that night.  The Stage Deli was right there near the poker room and there's no line.  Close and easy, two of my favorite characteristics of a restaurant.  So I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich.

The sandwich was expensive - nearly $8.00.  Kind of to be expected in a casino.  OK.  I can deal.

I'm not sure I would actually call the meat inside the sandwich chicken.  It was some sort of processed, white, rubbery chicken imposter.

((pause))

I paused for a few minutes to think of some other substance on the planet that I could liken this chicken to, and I can't.  It must be from another world.

It was absent of any flavor, and had it not been for the lettuce, tomato and mayo i put on the sandwich, it may have been one of the least flavorful lunches of all-time.

The sesame bun wasn't very fresh.  It had that "I've been sittin out for several hours" taste to it.  And the pickle that accompanied the "sandwich"  wasn't cold and fresh; it was luke-warm and limp.

A complete let-down.

To make matters worse, the girl who took the order barely stopped talking in spanish to her cooks standing a few feet away.  I ordered and she talked right through the order.  Pretty freakin' rude if you ask me.

I'd choose 0 stars if it was a choice.  Stay away from Stage!
I ate breakfast here twice during my stay at the MGM Grand. Sure, it was overpriced, but what do you expect for a restaurant in a casino? My bagel with egg, cheese, and ham was fine, nothing special, but nothing disgusting either. I also had some nachos as a snack. Again, fine.
I enjoyed my Stage Deli sandwich. It was a bit pricey for a sandwich ($8 bucks) but what isn't in Vegas. My brisket was soft and juicy and the best part, no line.  Nice alternative to the MGM food court when you need something pronto!
It's a starbucks type spot, but selling sandwiches. Bad ones too. I rather eat Subway across the street. The sandwiches are overpriced for what they are. Reminded me of those cold pre-packaged airplane sandwiches. Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed. I wanted to ask for my $ back.
OMG if i could give this place a negative star i would. $8 for a turkey sandwich which consist of 2 slices of bread,turkey meat, and lettuce.Pickle on the side and a packet of mayo. 7-11 makes better sandwiches.So disappointed.Subway was so much better.Went to panda express afterwards (food court next to M&M world) and was more satisfied and cost even less.Pay $2 more for a footlong at subway or go to food court.Can't believe this place stayed in business.Never again.
I ate here 2-3 times. It's convienently next to the Poker Room and the service chicks bring you the food. The sandwiches are HUGE and great too. Easily better than any bullshit deli's I've eaten at in Denver.

The Pastrami sandwich is a MONSTER!
Hmmm... a wanna-be NY style deli in the casino.  Overpriced?  Yes.  The food?  Surprisingly, not bad at all.

Came here around midnight and I ordered the pastrami sandwich.  I didn't expect much but the sandwich is pretty big, on rye bread, and the pastrami itself was pretty good.  Lots of fatty pieces but I didn't really care at the time since I was so hungry.  It's about $10 for a sandwich with... nothing else but at least it was good.

Stopped by here the next morning for breakfast.  They have Krispy Kreme donuts there for $1.  Overpriced donuts, but I didn't feel like spending $5-8 bucks for a breakfast sandwich hahah.

Overall, sandwiches aren't bad.  Pretty good for a quick meal right on the casino floor.
A cheapish option inside MGM, that serves basic interpretations of new york deli favorites.  Pastrami was pretty basic, and the accompanying pickles (at least you get two spears) were pretty sad.  The Reuben had the thousand Island on the side, which I hadn't seen before, but is a trend I hope more places embrace.
All in all there are a bunch of good places to eat in mgm, but not too many places for people on the budget.  They don't serve food here, they serve fuel to keep you going.
Bleh. Meh. Pff. Overpriced low-quality diner food. Think Denny's quality with a 300% markup.
For Vegas, this is probably the best deal on snacks you'll find.  Big sandwiches, bagels and lox, fresh bananas.  Decent food, prepared well, and priced no worse than an actual deli in NYC.  Why?  It's next to the sports book at the MGM Grand.  They don't want to old guys betting on horses to leave their seats.
I have to stop by this place each time I'm staying at the MGM because the corned beef sandwich is just delish! The corned beef is soft and moist. I like to add cheese and coleslaw to my sandwich. Although the coleslaw lacks a lot of flavor and could definitely be better, the quality of the corned beef makes up for it.  It conveniently open late so you can come here after a long night of gambling, partying or what have you. The service is super fast! Within minutes, your order is ready for pick up. The downside is there are not many chairs and tables so sometimes you may end up sitting in those cubicles in front of the big sports televisions.
Very limited menu for deli connoisseurs. There are no knishes or latkes here. But, don't let the other reviews fool you, what's here is damn good (if you crave pastrami and matzo ball soup that is). Believe it or not the pastrami is some of the best I've had in town  (nice, spicy and moist) as is the matzo ball soup (great garlicky broth with thick chunks of chicken, celery and carrots). Plus, it's open 24 hours, so come here when you need to sober up!
Not sure on all the over priced comments.  For a mid priced strip casino, quick service eatery, I found it plenty reasonable.

Feeling hungry and in need of a fast bite before a few cocktails, this place was perfect. Two of us got out of here for under $15.  Nothing fancy, but quick and simple, albeit some communication confusion with the staff.

We shared a corned beef sandwich on rye and a salted pretzel.  The corned beef was drier than I've had, but pleasingly thickly sliced and layered on heavily.  The sauerkraut helped overcome any dryness, it was a pretty good sandwich considering it's casino location.  Pretzel was a pretzel, just fine.

The only drawback is it sits behind the sports book, and has just a handful of tables and chairs open to the book/casino/random passers by.  But that's no biggie, you grab your snack, chow down, head on your way.

And seriously, if you are in the MGM and want to eat quick the prices are completely reasonably,
Shruggin' my shoulders at this one. Typical sandwiches here but pricey ones. It's tough at the MGM to get something decent to eat with spending more than 20 greenbacks.
I'm with Stuart M, I don't get all of the over-priced comments. Its VEGAS, everything costs a little more. I was actually really happy with my experience at Stage Deli. Its located near all of the action in the casino and its fun to people watch while eating a quick lunch. 

My boyfriend and I split the Reuben on rye with a side of potato salad. We also ordered two drinks and only spent $15. The Reuben was delicious, I couldn't have been any happier with the sandwich. The potato salad was also excellent and made a filling accompaniment. We left with full bellies, wallets intact. I would recommend Stage Deli for a quick and reasonably priced lunch.
I don't know if it is because everything tastes good after you've been drinking, but I really liked the food that I got from here. I ordered a Reuben, and it was incredible. It was the most expensive sandwich on the menu, but came with a lot of meat and was very flavorful. The dressing came on the side, so I was able to put exactly how much I wanted on top. 

I also ordered a side of potato salad and a Dr. Brown's Ginger Ale. The potato salad was better than average. The Ginger Ale tasted too 'dry' for me, and I would have preferred Canada Dry. 

The service was a bit of a challenge to deal with. As I was ordering, the clerk would yell over to the cooks item by item. My order could have been taken more efficiently if she would have listened to my whole order and then told the cooks what to prepare. It took a lot longer to order than it should of, and she was already taking the next person's order before she gave me my receipt. 

I did like what I ordered though, so I now know where to get a quick sandwich when I'm staying at the MGM Grand.
This deli used to be much better.

The only thing I ever order from here is the corned beef, which used to be less dry and a little tastier.  The last few times the quality has decreased.  The rye bread and swiss cheese that you put it on are good enough.  The cole slaw is an unusual color and processed.

This is a great place if you are staying at the MGM and need something FAST or LATE.  They are open 24hrs on weekends, and close very late on weekdays (I think 3-4am?).

They also sell fresh Krispy Kreme donuts, a plus for the morning if you're on your way out.

If you're a corned beef fanatic, you will enjoy this place enough.  Otherwise I can't strongly recommend it.
Points for being quick, relatively inexpensive food that's open late, but the tuna sandwich was very lackluster. :(
Went there and ordered a pastrami sandwich thinking it would be good. I was with somebody who ordered a regular sandwich, and I ordered the "New York Size" for an extra $3. Thinking it would be one of the large deli sandwiches I was used to, I was greatly disappointed. When the food came up I could not tell which sandwich was the larger one. The pastrami was not very good. It was warm but unflavorful and dry. My sandwich was not very big either, and the pickle was not good either. Like the sandwiches, the drinks also are way overpriced. I do not recommend eating here; its bad overpriced food.
A breath of fresh air after five days of eating big, heavy, expensive meals.  I got the Reuben and a side of potato salad it was pretty damn good.  My boyfriend got the pastrami and was pleased to see them freshly slice a huge slab of steaming meat.  Not a bad deal for $20.  We dipped into the Grand Canyon souvenir/junk shop to get some chips for our meal.  Sides and drinks were a tad overpriced.

Not the biggest selection of sandwiches so if you're a picky eater, you may not be too excited about this place.


Four stars for reasonably-priced and not being deep fried and greasy!
good place to grab a cheap breakfast sandwhich and coffee if you do not want to spend a fortune on breakfast. Kind of an algternative to starbucks but with breakfast sandwiches. Husband had matzaball soup and said it was good.
I was trying to find a quick place for breakfast before I left to go to the airport.  This place sounded like a good idea - hot toasted bagel with ham, egg, and cheese.  The egg was a pre-formed piece of square that they pulled out, put a slice of ham and a slice of cheese on top... then stuck in the MICROWAVE.  Ugh.. at least they toasted my bagel separately.
OK, but would not try again.  Ordered a ham and cheese sandwich on wheat bread, with chips and bottled water.  Total was $12+.  The sandwich itself was incredibly ordinary.  It did come with crunchy dill pickles, which were nice to chomp on.  They did not ask if I wanted my bread toasted.  

Limited seating.  I sat in the sports book area adjacent.  

Accepts credit cards.  Had a few other sandwich choices - Reuben, pastrami, turkey.  A pre-packaged salad.  Krispy Kreme Donuts.  

BOTTOM LINE:  No thanks.  I like the sandwiches from 7-11 better.
This review is mainly for the coffee here. This was the best priced place I could find inside of MGM to get coffee. They have a Starbucks as well, but the prices were over the top even for Starbucks and usually a long line. I lose enough money in the casino so I am not about to pay $7-$8 for a cup of coffee. There was usually no line here and service was fast and efficient. I did try one of their pastrami sandwiches late one night and it was pretty good. A little dry, but the pastrami had good flavor and the portion was generous. I would definitely visit this place again if in need of a quick snack or coffee. It is about the best deal you will find inside the MGM.
Great for quick sandwiches on the go or before a game. Smoke in hotel really kills it for me.
The sandwiches have a ridiculous amount of meat in them. I got the roast beef and it was really bland.
The Stage Deli in New York closed a few years ago, so it was a pleasant surprise to see the name in the MGM Grand.

Among many high priced restaurants, the Stage Deli seems like a reasonable choice. In any other locale it might be considered overpriced. Neither of us was particularly hungry, and we were planning on meeting up with relatives so we wanted something quick. 

There are tables, but there is no table service. The menu includes the typical sandwiches - corned beef, pastrami, etc. They have other typical deli fare including soup. Kerrie and I shared a Matzo Ball Soup and fresh fruit. On the menu, which we didn't get, were various Dr Brown's sodas.

The soup was outstanding. The fruit was okay. I really wish they offered table service.
Sandwiches are just bread and a few slices of meat, not worth it for $9. Pretty subpar
Small little deli next to the sports area. I was feeling under the weather and wanted some chicken noodle soup, they didn't have noodle, but they did have chicken soup and the cashier was like "it's good, lots of chicken." The sign also said home made, but when I paid for it ($5) it came out in one of those black cup of noodle bowls, and tasted less stellar than the ones I'd get from a can of progresso or campbells. While the chicken itself was actual shreds of chicken, there wasn't a lot. Also the chicken soup came with a matzah ball which is like a dumpling ball.
Surprisingly decent food. I've almost mistaken this place for a Starbucks several times and finally decided to give it a try one night after Hakkasan. They have quite an interesting selection of food ranging from deli sandwiches to Krispy Kreme donuts. Tt. I've had the beef brisket sandwich and clam chowder; both of which satisfied my hunger quite well. The best part about this place is that the service is extremely fast.
If you just want a quick bite to eat then this is perfect spot. They are not open late so get there before 7:00pm
The meat is decent but it's way over priced for the sandwich you get. I mean, I know it's supposed to be "fast" but this just sucks. I wished I walked out to the strip and just went to mcdonalds.
perfect mid-night snack the pastrami was great price was fair for a Vegas casino, I like that i ddint have to stand around waiting 20min for a sandwich the had it ready in less then 5min and thats with 15people in line ordering before me..
Ate the summer barley soup. $5 for a good sized bowl of warm goodness smack dab in the middle of the casino? Let's not get too judgemental, people. That's a good deal for a meal literally steps outside of Hakkasan to end your drunken night of shuffling and/or fist pumping.

There were plenty of veggies, chicken, and barley (duh, it's called barley soup)... And I liked it! Can't speak for the rest of the menu, but I'm a soup gal. I probably wouldn't order anything else anyway.

Haters gon hate.
On the downside, I booked their private dining area for a group, and when we arrived, they didn't give us it. Instead, they spread our group across two (separated) tables, which completely spoiled the evening.


 On the plus side, the food was awesome. Best steak I've ever tasted.


 I'd skip it, though, and go somewhere less pretentious. there are lots of alternatives in Edinburgh, after all.
I seriously doubt that another bar in the world exists with a more feminine and camp decor than Tigerlily. Hanging silver sequins surround every table in the restaurant whilst the bar stools are pink leather clad. Bar men wear t-shirts reading Tiger across their backs whilst the ladies read Lily (inspired...). Pink and silver might not be to everyones tastes but if it's a cocktail you're after then you'll just have to grin and bear it. The bar staff here are award winning and really know how to make great and exciting drinks. Delicious!

If I could give you one piece of advice avoid the food! Whilst it's all fine, it's just not worth the money you pay for it or anywhere near the standard of the bar. So if you're planning a visit to Tiger Lily, make it a liquid lunch!
Great bar and atmosphere. Very good food as well. This was one of our favorite spots on the last trip to Edinburgh......
upscale bar on upscale george street. great music and more whiskies than you can shake a stir stick at. if you're over 25 and/or get sick of stepping around puke puddles down around the grassmarket, stroll on up to george street for a refreshing and infinitely classier experience.
This is my favourite place to stay in the city and a great place to eat. The food is well above average and the staff are really friendly. They made excellent suggestions and did specials that changed through the evening. Lively atmosphere even on a Sunday night and the cocktails are fantastic. The breakfasts are huge and tasty. Great stuff.
Tigerlilly. AKA if you're in here you're instantly cool. Should that be the concept of a restaurant?? I don't think so...

the fact that Tiger Lilly is now more of a 'oh my God, look what she's wearing' rather that 'oh my God this tastes great' says it all. Tiger Lilly is crying potential but it's never quite met because they are trying too hard to be cool....trendy.....awesome and whatever else the kids say these days. Ok, so the food is okay...nothing special. I've had better salad leaves with vinegar. (incase you didn't get that, I'm trying to say they are small in portion sizes and not very substantial). 
Although...if you are looking for somewhere to go for a drink, Tiger Lilly is the place. It is very nice, you can't deny that. Infact, I used the wallpaper for my bedroom. It's the sort of place you go if you wear a suit and will have 2.3 children. At 5pm it's full of suits and at 11pm you can't see past the back-combed bouffant parade (aka students) but it's quite nice to have a loud, busy atmosphere sometimes. Sometimes it's good to feel cool and 'hip'. The food isn't amazing, but it's ok. ridiculously over-priced too. But hey, you can't put a price on social status. Also, the fact that my 50 year old mother goes there to pick up guys says it all...
As Tigerlily is a bar, a restaurant and a hotel - it's really hard to rate all 3 together.

- the restaurant is bad. Overpriced for poor quality cooking. Not tasty, and not inspired. You pay for being in a cool place with a chic decor. We were staying in the hotel, and the breakfast is the same. It's ok but not great (burned bread, not very good pastries, overcooked eggs). I would give a 2.

- the bar is really fun. The cocktails are awesome, though not always done with the same quality from one time to another. Just reading the cocktail list is fun. I wish I could stay longer to try all of them. I also like very much the 2 different atmospheres between the 2 different bars. Cosy sitting makes it a plus too. I would give a 4.

- the hotel is the highlight! It's a boutique-hotel with very nice interior design, with designer style furniture and bright pink-ish colours. It all has a lot of personality and doesn't feel average. We had the chance to be upgraded to a Georgian suite. Enormous room & bed, with a fireplace, a sitting area, 2 lcd TVs and DVD player, walk-in shower & bathtub! :_)) The high ceiling adds to the drama of the place. Really really nice, and 5 minutes away from the city center. But definitively pricey! I would give a 5 here. Best hotel I have ever been too with really nice staff.
Much like a 50 year old guy in a Superdry t-shirt driving a convertible Ford Ka, Tigerlily is perhaps the most blatant case of a venue trying too hard that I've ever seen. Places like this just never, ever work, and invariably end up attracting tragic old divorcees with hair extensions before too long. Sorry ladies, but standing around in leopard print stilettos sipping on a French Martini won't bring him back.

I only know one guy who likes Tigerlily (we'll call him C Dog for the sake of anonymity). He has a stupid haircut, slaps on a bottle of fake tan a night, takes pouty photos of himself for social networking sites, and thinks Tigerlily is the kind of place where he can realise his ambition of becoming that guy from The Only Way is Essex. 

At least he helps me know which places are best to avoid.
If you want a luxuy hotel, but don't want to go to one of those huge international chains, then Tigerlily should be top of your list.

It's what my mum would call "reassuringly expensive": from the minute you arrive and are greeted at the door by one of their hostesses, to the minute you check out, everything about the service is excellent. 

The one thing I find with hotels is that they get really samey and repeptitive after a while, but Tigerlily adds extra little touches to make it that little bit nicer for you. Every room comes with GHDs, for starters, so you don't have to do what I usually do and forget to unplug mine in the morning before checking out (fastest way to waste £100 ever, by the way). Also, the rooms all have ipod docks in them too, so you're not dependent on crappy music channels whilst you're getting ready to head out for the evening. 

My parents stayed here once, and I don't really think it was their thing - it's very fashionable and bang on trend with the décor and stylish crowd it attracts in the bar downstairs, whereas they're more into their country house hotel type places. But I'm not middle-aged, and I loved it. 

On a side note, if you're one of those people who's into your celeb-spotting then this is probably your best place to do it in Edinburgh. Personally, I'm not really bothered who's drinking in the next booth to me, as long as they don't come between me and my french martini then I'm happy, but I've spotted Cheryl Cole and Vic Reeves here once (not together, obviously).
A few weeks ago a few friends and I were looking for a nice cocktail bar along George Street, there's definitely an abundance of them but we weren't sure what one would be best. We passed Tigerlily and there were a few people sitting outside sipping out of Martini glasses - bingo! 

We entered, walked into the bar area, took one look around and walked straight back out again. Possibly a little bit unfair but the decor was garish, it was about 100 degrees and the clientele left a lot to be desired too. That sounds really mean, but I didn't fancy waiting in a really long queue full of old guys in suits who quite obviously thought they were old "sugar daddies". No thanks Tigerlily.

It just seems like it's trying a little bit too hard but if I go back again I think I'll choose to sit outside.
As a "Yay we have finished uni for the year, lets celebrate our freedom" thing, my classmates and I came here for lunch yesterday. 

I kinda loved it. 

I am the first person to rant about how pretentious and fake George Street is, so I have let myself down by being taking in by the fancy decor and cocktails. The decor is so chic and trendy that you can't help but admire the surroundings. It almost feels as though you are in someones uber trendy living room. 

Our reason for choosing Tigerlily was because of the 2 for 1 on main meals and half price cocktails. With 9 of us, that worked out at around a tenner each for some food and a cocktail. The half price cocktail list only has 3 or 4 cocktails on it, so you are limited. I had a Ginger Mojito which was delicious and certainly hit the spot (i.e. my ability to act coherent) and other delights included a Passion Fruit mish mash which went down very quickly. 

The 2 for 1 deal included all main meals, salads and sandwiches. Most went for burgers, which were presented in a rather pretentious way. I had a prawn Asian salad which was lovely and fresh, the prawns were uber giant prawns that went down a treat. 

However, I wouldn't have paid full price for the food. Partly because I am a cheap skate, and partly because presenting things nicely on a plate doesn't warrant a high price. 

Great place for a ladies who lunch sort of day, as long as it's the days the offer 2 for 1 meals and half price cocktails.
How do I write this review without coming across like an utter bitch? I guess there is no simple way out of me acquiring Queen bitch for this one.

I got there before the rest of the party as I wanted to do a bit of exploring around the city whilst they primped themselves in the hotel.

Bouncers at the door. American with a clipboard and an earpiece, all I could think was,
'Where the hell did the girls book and how much will this cost me.'
It was like a very shiny MTV music video facade, facade being the operative word. I was escorted to the cocktail bar whilst I waited for my party. I started reading the Big Issue at the bar which I know was like if a nun streaked in a Chanel shop but hey I have naked nun moments.

Cocktail was good, service was great. They pushed a double vodka on me after which was a bit meh, don't like people trying to use me for money in an obvious way.

So dinner. We were put at a huge marble table. Interior is impressive in a homage to all things drag-queen like kinda way, good thing I heart drag-queens. Music is a disaster, too loud and chart like on loop. 

Dinner consisted of us staring at each other. Oh but it gets better. Never in all my years dining have I been in a place that thinks it's OK not to section of the dining area from the bar area... Drunken men hovered over at our table and stared at us eat. I felt like a cow at the mart waiting to be bought.

I got the swordfish... I asked for it to be medium rare... It was well done... As one of the party commented the food comes out far too fast. It all was a tad too new money pretentious to me.

The absolute best part was when the sickly sweet waiter overcharged us by 60 pounds and didn't apologise or offer us drinks. I really wanted to kick him hard in the balls for trying to take advantage.

I was told later that night that that place is a chain... I'll look for somewhere authentic and local next time I'm there.
Much like Elanor M., me and my friends were drawn into Tigerlily by the promise of sitting out in the sun drinking expensive, but pleasing drinks on George Street. 

Inside however, we were greeted by a huge queue of people who had obviously had the smae idea - but who werent getting served by the staff behind the bar, or so it seemed as the queue was moving so slowly. At least that time gave me chance to look around the place - its kind of funky and traditional at the same time, but gives off the impression that it is trying so hard to make you think its not trying at all. Much like the clientel, who have spent hour on thier hair, make up and clothes to make you think they have spent no time at all on thier hair, make up and clothes. 

Anyway, once we got our drink (about 6 1/2 years later), I nearly chocked as I paid for my round. Evenm though we sat in the sun drinking them, a cloud certainly hung over our table.
Ok. I was harsh before. I come in here quite a lot and really like it every time. It's a cool place, really trendy and good to come if it's your first time in the city and looking for somewhere to go and people-watch.
It's decorated nicely and the staff are friendly. Ok, it's a bit poser-ish, but it's good nevertheless!
This isn't somewhere you'd go every night, although I'm fairly sure there is a certain demographic group from Edinburgh University who do make this their regular watering hole for me its complete treat and chance to see how the other half live.

For cocktails that cost £7 each, this isn't a cheap treat but the cocktails are fantastic and in this bar you pay for the whole experience. The decadent decor, expensive ingredients and the fact that they garnish the drinks with edible flowers makes this a fun treat but not for the everyday punter.
"Come out Tigerlily you're carressing me, I'll take you out, I'll turn you on, I'll take your apathy."

Tigerlily, the bar, has been around far longer than La Roux's poppy-number (my favourite on the album) but the edgy, sexy chic lyrics lend themselves wonderfully to this bar. 

On the ever popular and trendy George Street (love it / hate it), Tigerlily is sumptuous, endulgent, fun, classy, and also hella big inside. I can see why other reviewers maybe felt a bit uncomfortable here if they weren't dressed up. It's "Nice" with a capital N. But I did once come here with my sister and parent-of-the-father variety and no one batted an eyelid despite the instant lowering of street-cred factor such a crime might bring.

I love the interior of this bar, it's huge and there's  a variety of seating areas depending one what you fancy. Lady-like morning room armchairs, booths, sofas, tables for food. Everytime I've been, it's for cocktails and they whip up a good bunch. I like to consider myself a veteran cocktail drinker, with a bulletproof (unintentionally more La Roux) constitutition that can take me up to 6 cocktails before my cheeks get flushed and I start to babel nonsense (I am told, however, it's endearing!) So on a scale of all the cocktails I've tried, the ones here are definitely the upper end but not the best. So the 4 stars are definitely appropriate.

This place is great for somewhere to celebrate (birthdays, graduations, office nights out) but also for ladies who lunch, and one of my favourite type of cocktail-times: been shopping your feet off all day and in desperate need of a pick-me-up. Raspberry mojitos work a treat for this!

So if you're in the mood to paint your nails, put on that cute little outfit you've been saving and need somewhere to spend an hour or 3 with the ladies, go all Oo La Roux and hit this place up.
So what is there to say about this gargantuan behemoth that hasn't been said already? Well I don't know but I'll give it a shot anyway... 

I was a little earlier than my friend who I was dining with so decided to get a drink in at the bar, which wasn't overly busy and was quite well staffed. Quite in spite of the above and the reassurances of the barmen on numerous occasions that "they'd be with me in a minute," I waited for about five minutes without being served as newcomers were continually given preference over me. Not expecting the trend to change any time soon, I decided to forgo the pre meeting drink, left the bar and took a seat until my friend arrived. 

When he turned up we were seated quite promptly and in a pleasant change from my experience at the bar, our table service was (for the most part) attentative and quick - although the waitress did insist on referring to us as "gents" the whole evening which was more odd than anything... 

I can only echo other people's views here as to the décor and layout of the place - Tiger Lily is deceptively large and it's strange mix of furnishings and decorations are likely to please as many people as they inevitably annoy. For my part I didn't mind all it's faux fancy gaudiness although I did nearly hit my head on the stupid over table light things and the chairs at the table are a bit rubbish. 

After a little coaxing I was persuaded to have a starter as well as a main. To start with then I chose Chicken Laksa which lacked the punch to make it more than just a quite bland coconut soup. 

For the main course I had Confit du Canard with red cabbage (that I think had star anise in it) and the world's plainest mash served in a tiny saucepan. It's kind of hard to do Duck wrongly, all you have to do is smother it with its own fat and put it in a ridiculously hot oven for a bit - so although the duck was good, it wasn't particularly mind blowing or even anything above the duck I've had before. 

With just a little more coaxing I was persuaded into having a dessert too - and I'm glad I did as it was the highlight of the meal. I plumped for white chocolate cheesecake with some fruit stuff and a brandy snap (that's not exactly how it reads on the menu but is probably close enough). The cheesecake was delicious (a sign of a good cheesecake for me is whether or not you can taste the cheese) and the tartness of the fruit coulis was a nice offset to the cheesecake's sweetness. 

Along with dessert I also had a white chocolate martini cocktail which was a pleasant enough way to finish the meal but perhaps a little over priced at 

All in all then It was a very pleasant experience, so why three stars? There were little things throughout that ever so slightly detracted from the experience; for example waiting ten minutes for the water I ordered or the fact that the balance did feel a bit off between the amount of time we waited for our starter, then how rapidly the mains were served - but I guess you could put that down to me being picky. Then again with the amount that the food cost I think I can afford to be picky... And that's a theme that does kind of run throughout this review because I can see how a lot of what I've said comes off as being a little negative but that really comes down to my expectations of the place which are based a lot around the price of the food. 

So the cost then. The total bill came to about £90 for both of us each eating three courses, having a beer and a dessert cocktail - I wouldn't exactly say that the menu was good value for money and although the food was quite nice, I'd expect it to be at that price. Saying that though, Tiger Lily is hardly the kind of place that you'd go to for good value for money and as such the food, décor and service amount to an experience that is best saved for a special occasion rather than your average meal out. You could probably add another star if you're minted.
Disappointed. Was recommended, was expecting so much. Was a bit dirty, waited ages to get served, so long we nearly walked out. Looked like loads of managers, no staff. Staff looked bored and poorly trained. What a let down.
Had an amazing time at Tigerlilys and a great start to our wknd. It had a great atmosphere about it and felt so chilled, we were givin a cozy booth at the back, I chose the ham hock terrine to start, then the steak,  both were excellent the roasti with the steak was amazing (even better than the steak if I must say) to end the night we went  for the shared mixed dessert, yum.
I would have to say this is my #1 restaurant in Edinburgh so far, good food and wine with great staff what more do you want.

Enjoy
Very stylish restaurant and bar. I prefer to have drinks here or lunch, dinner can be a little disappointing. Overall a good place to drink but would suggest eating elsewhere.
The food is not the reason to go. The place is glam, and it predominately used for Essex lookalikes.
My husband and I first recognized Tigerlily because it was conveniently located outside our window at the hotel Roxburghe. After dinner with some friends at a different establishment a friend who was familiar with Edinburgh suggested Tigerlily. I was extremely tired because I had flown in from the US that morning and had remembered that it was across the street from our hotel...so I agreed to go for a drink or two (knowing I could leave when I wanted and just hop across the street and go to bed). 

It was a Thursday night about 12:30...I guess they close at 1 so they warned us at the door and told us we were welcome to come in and then continue our fun late late night at their sister nightclub downstairs Lulu. We came in and had a few drinks at the front bar. The service was attentive yet the drinks were considerably weak, I guess you just have to ask for doubles. Even though, a half hour into our stay we were having so much fun that we decided to go downstairs and completely had forgotten about our jet-lag. Oh, and Tigerlily's decor is super modern and trendy, definitely one of the "coolest" places I have been in awhile. When we arrived downstairs we were sat at a corner table with some friends who were celebrating getting married that weekend. We had a blast! Our server, even in this crazy nightclub was attentive, but gave us enough space and she came over when we needed something. The Dj was great and open to suggestions (and actually played them). That was our FIRST visit to Tigerlily and Lulu.

We had so much fun that Thursday we decided to bring different friends in on Friday. We were all staying at the Roxburghe like I said before so it was easy to get people to decide to go. On this visit we ventured to the bar in the back of the restaurant. This place on a Friday in July was PACKED! It was awesome. Lots of people my age, mid-twenties to mid-thirties, having cocktails with friends and family and most very good-looking. Everyone seemed to be having a good time. The bartenders in the back bar were great (well the guys). They always remembered what my husband and I were drinking and even though they were busy they were still very attentive. Also, after one round we opened a tab, they give you this number so you can tell them your tab number instead of your name (very cool!) and the bartenders remembered my tab number! AWESOME! They only thing I noticed was the female bartender, very pretty, but she was either new to the establishment or a new bartender altogether because it took this poor girl seriously 10 minutes to open a bottle of wine for a customer at the bar and then another 10 minutes to give them a check, probably 30 minutes in customer years (I'm a bar owner in the US). I think it would have impacted my experience had I been waiting for a drink like a lot of other people, but because of the male bartenders I was taken care of already. I know tipping isn't customary in the UK but I felt like my service was so excellent that I had to! 

So to recap... Great decor, great service (at both Lulu and Tigerlily), good drinks. The only thing that was missing was that I never tried the food. Maybe next time I'm in Edinburgh. :)
One of my favourite hotels, very nice decor and rooms. 

Staff is not the best but they try good as they can. 

Great bar scene every night especially at weekends. 

Restaurant: very good food and lovely breakfast. 

Great place to stay in Edinburgh with your partner or friends.
I've visited Tiger a couple of times, mostly for business meetings during the day rather than evening time catch-ups so perhaps my experience is different from the norm. A girly lunch with two pregnant friends was very well received: particularly the delicious cake-stand at the end. 

I've not had the pleasure of staying in any of Tigerlily's rooms, but watching a waiter swan into a lift with a bottle of champers and two flutes did elicit a gasp of jealousy.
This place had been on my mind for a while. It's quite heavily reviewed already, one of my friends had recommended it and I think they had a booth at the Cocktails in the City event. Anyway, I had high-ish hopes....

Enter Tigerlily.

Tackiness level: Paris Hilton doing a cameo on The Only Way is Essex wearing a dress made completely out of double-sided tape. THAT tacky.

Tigerlily have made every single surface reflective. Lights, counters, glasses, chairs, walls, everything a visual reminder that you, Luke D, are not shiny enough for a 'classy' establishment like this. I actually had to squint when I walked in. It didn't feel trendy, it didn't feel sophisticated, it felt like a 16yo girl's idea of what bars would be like. 
I can kind-of see the attraction of this place for some people though. If you're a 22yo short-skirt-wearing receptionist with your eyes on a promotion and boss who likes to buy champagne cocktails for girls half his age, this is your place. If you're a recently-divorced 35yo middle-management man who likes to compete with upper management for 22yo short-skirt-wearing receptionists, this is your place. If you don't have a mirror in your house, this is your place.
I had a theatre night in Edinburgh with my wife about a year ago. I fancied taking her to a boutique hotel and chose Tigerlily.

Great place, the bar is stunning, we got a great meal and breakfast as part of our Dinner bed and breakfast deal.

The room was massive very pink and girly, right up my wifes street.

We got chocolates and Prosecco in our room on arrival.

The service was very personal, taken to our room, shown how the tv, ipod and mood lighting worked in the room,.

My wife is a fussy eater and wasnt too keen on the residents menu, but after a wee word with the girl on reception she got to pick off the main menu.

I would recommend this to couples or groups of girls on a night out in Edinburgh.

They might have some more masculine rooms if guys fancy it, a phone call to the nice folk on reception would be able to confirm this.
Having received a voucher at Xmas for Tigerlily, I finally managed to get round to using them. Booked in for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. Was expecting a nice meal but enjoyed the best food I've had in ages. 

Started off with great fish platter to share and was fantastic. Love my fish and couldn't fault any of it. Steak to follow and was perfect. By this time I was well impressed and sticky toffee pud to finish was great end to great meal. Would definitely recommend. Surroundings were nice and surprisingly not too loud (which I had expected). Meal for 2 with wine = £100. A little pricey but worth it for quality of food.
Its pretentious, its often filled with the kind of people that I hate....but damn they are good at what they do!!!

On a sunny Tuesday afternoon my lady and I were in need of wine and nibbles. We thought Browns would be nice so sat and awaited service. 10 minutes past and nobody came so I popped in grabbed menus and the waitress said she would be along in a few minutes. 10 minutes passed....still no service.

So we toddled along to Tigerlilly ..sat down...within 30 seconds the hostess was greeting us..making us feel very welcome and giving us menus. For £21 we got a £28 bottle of wine and three little tapas dishes. Delightful and great value.

As it got chillier we opted to go inside, we were escorted to some nice seats and were well and truly looked after in every possible way.

Top work Tigerlilly!!!
I have been to Tigerlilly plenty of times for cocktails but this was the first visit for food.  It is my mother in laws birthday and I thought that this would be a great treat out.  I bought a voucher from ITISON for the afternoon tea for £22 instead of £46 per couple.  This included a tea pot of cocktail of Michael Collins gin cocktail.

I had requested a booth but after dropping off my in laws and husband at the door and parking the car, by the time I got into the restaurant they were already seated at a regular table, but actually it was a nice table and there was nobody seated either side so it did feel roomy enough.  

Great sandwiches and cakes and a nice selection of speciality teas too, I had strawberry and cream tea which was lovely.  The scones were a little dry and if I am being uber picky, I would have liked the option of butter too as well as the cream and jam.

The afternoon was a great hit with the birthday girl and we headed to the cinema all hyper from the sweet treats we had.
ah tigerlily, the poshest of the posh spots along george street.  when you come here, you come to be seen and drink expensive yet well made cocktails and enjoy sitting in a luxuriously decked out bar with pretty people waiting on you.  perhaps for most this is too much, but sometimes i just need to indulge my inner desire to be rich and famous and act like this is just the norm for me!

so yes, i am definitely a fan of tigerlily.  even with their cocktail menu being a bit on the pricey side, i have to say the drinks are worth it.  they expertly made and when the bartender thinks you're a girl sat on her own  in a slightly revealing dress he's happy to chat away to you and pehaps even flirt a bit.  (he became much less chatty and fliry when my boyfriend showed up but it didn't change the quality of our drinks...) and there are so many concoctions worth trying, however i highly recommend their signature cocktail.  Lily's New Knickers, a cheeky name for a cheeky drink.  vodka, grapefruit, and rose liquer mixed together then topped with lemon sherbet foam!  the perfect pink drink for a girly girl like me :)  my boyfriend enjoyed his elderflower rickey, which i described as a fancy gin & tonic with the additional of elderflower cordial.

now there are a few drawbacks to this place, one being the price.  it's the creme de la creme of posh bars on george street, so you are paying for the location.  which brings me to the second drawback, it's crowded even in the early evening this place is packed with pre dinner cocktail seekers in short dresses and high heels.  i was lucky to grab two seats at the bar when i spied a girl leaving and moved in making sure to (gently) push anyone out of my way.

so, love it or hate it, tigerlily is what it is.  i prefer to love it and fulfil my dream of being one of the lucky few that have the  rich and famous lifestyle of which these bars are made for.  i'm happy to pay a few extra quid for a well made cocktail and to sit in luxury surroundings.  i've not been for food, so i can't comment on that, perhaps one day i'll move past the cocktails.  however, for now tigerlily is my go to place when i want to get all dolled up and sip on cocktails for a fancy night out.
I'm not an old fogie. I don't expect gentlemen to lay down their coats on puddles lest my shoes get wet. I don't even bother about doors and the whole 'should I open a door for a lady' debate. I know we live in the 21st century and we've come a long way from the old Pride and Prejudice days...however, there are certain things that, when you're out for dinner are, for me, a big no-no. And one is calling customers darling, dear, doll or the likes. I don't know, call me old-fashioned but in my opinion, you've got to at least know me a little bit before we get that familiar...or at least know my name first...

Anyway, this kicked off my dinner at Tiger Lily the other night and it was a case of going from bad to worse. After my brush with over-familiarity, my chums and I were shown to our table where we waited..and waited...and then we waited some more. After about quarter of an hour our waiter appeared to tell us the specials and when I asked him to repeat them he said no, because he'd already told us them. *my sides were splitting at this point*..apparently it was a joke but when you're charging £26 for a steak, I don't really get that.

The starters arrived and my pepper mousse with creamed goat's cheese was an out and out inedible disaster with the cheese having melted. I had the fish special which was a slight improvement but overall the consensus around the table was that the food wasn't great. But the service was another matter with it being more like self service. Need a drink? Then just go the bar yourself. Refill your own glass thanks very much, and don't expect any drink orders to make it to the table, in fact, it seemed like our table in general was just forgotten. 

And then we came to dessert. We ordered some fondues - which we'd all agreed you can't really mess-up right? Ermm...wrong. When it arrived at the table the chocolate was cold. After about ten minutes we managed to flag down the waiter to let him know, but by this point we'd all had enough. 

Now, don't get me wrong: Tiger Lily used to be one of my favourite bars and it still is a great place for cocktails with fab tunes perfect for bouncing into the weekend. But my problem is that although it still fancies itself as a uber-cool venue, its service and its food don't warrant this tag nor the price tag that goes along with this. I do still love its cocktails,but  the over-familiar and rude staff have put me off. And with plenty other venues in Edinburgh, then I think I'll try those first thank you my dear.
I think I was super biased towards Tiger Lily. I had been a few times, normally late at night on the weekend and that's normally when there's 'that crowd' there. (I'm sure you know what I'm talking about)

However, I went last night for a few drinks after dinner with a friend and had a really lovely time. When it's not crazy full, you can actually appreciate the decor. Yes, it may be slightly too pink and girly but I kind of like it. They have really comfortable sofas, perfect for catching up with friends. I was a little cold and the manager turned down the air for me. I also really enjoyed the background music. 

They have deals! Right now you can get two mains for lunch for £15 or a starter and a main for dinner for £15. Also, from Tuesday - Friday they do amazing drink specials. A few cocktails around £4-6 and a bottle of wine for £12. Also, a bottle of Innis & Gunn for £2.50! 

As my friend and I had already had dinner we decided to get some strawberries which comes with melted chocolate - very divine. I'm eager to come back for lunch or dinner! I'm glad I got over my misconceptions of this place.
Tigerlily ? One of those bars or restaurants that would not look out of place in Sex & the City.  That is a place for girls, right?  Right.. and wrong. 

The place is opulent, pretentious and selectively fashionable - what does that mean to a guy like I visiting? It means I fit right in. The grand marble entry with the bar that screams "PINK CHAMPERS HERE!" but actually has Asahi on draft too. And a decent selection of Vodkas. (their default for a vodka mixer is Stolichnaya) 

Free Wifi is a given.

The 'vestibule' or 'antechamber'  is furnished with thick pile rugs, blue Salvador Dali-esque sofas and armchairs and 'Sleeper' wooden salon tables. And Fluffy Pink Scatter Pillows. - you know what ?! it works and they are surprisingly comfortable.
The music was a pleasant, modern mix and not played too loud, but prominently. We were able to hold a normal conversation.

We used a voucher for a Mediterranean Meat & Cheese platter with a glass of wine each. 
We got 3 Spanish cheeses, some Spanish ham and hot chorizo sausages and it was lovely (we even ordered some extra) 

The service was friendly, warm and attentive. We vowed to return.
I have only ever been into Tigerlily for a few drinks, but is somewhere I'd love to go for a proper night out or even a function. 

One of my favourite things about the place is the appearance. It's so trendy but trendy in a romantic, pretty way.  Outside they have a twisted wooden archway littered with flowers in front of the door, tea light lit tables on the street and friendly doormen. 

Inside, it's gorgeous. The bar as you first come in has silvery walls, a white marble bar (with beautiful barmen...) and a stunning light fitting. You know how I like a light fitting. I sip my cocktails and look at it - white, wispy and sweeping the majority of the ceiling. Just off this bar area is my absolute favourite, the little living room. It has a big fireplace and comfortable couches - at Christmas I spent an evening in there with my other half cuddled up by the Christmas tree and open fire drinking cocktails. It's lovely. 

Further back into the venue you'll find sweeping pods to sit in. It's darker, sexier and louder in the back for those so have settled into the 'past midnight' phase of their night out. Curtained areas are available for functions.

The drinks aren't the cheapest but they're not overly expensive. I'm happy to pay what they charge. It's my favourite bar in Edinburgh. Or anywhere actually.
Last weekend we ended our cock(tail) crawl of George Street and the surrounding areas in Tigerlilly. The place was very busy with lots of people out celebrating and having a lovely time. It had a really nice vibe and the music was actually pretty good. 

I had a pricey but lovely couple of cocktails and we all had a wee boogie in the corner. It is a bit pretentious and overly flashy - you can hardly move for fake appendages, tans and cheap bling but when you've had a few en route this doesn't really matter very much!

Good cocktail and fizz selection, lovely professional staff and a laugh too. We will be back though not to often as my usual attire is a little too casual!
Tigerlily is lovely inside, really, and they do a great meal deal - two main courses for £15 during the day, or two courses for £15 in the evening (from a set menu of course).  So when my sister was through for an interview on George St, it seemed like a great place to go for a catch-up and some food.  She was dressed suitably smartly, although I felt a bit of a scruff in my jeans, it's one of those kind of places. Which is a shame, because the deal is good - it just feels mega flash inside.  I do have to say the hostess who showed us to a table was lovely - I know she has to be in her job, but for the couple of minutes you do feel extra special.

However, I'm not giving it more than 3 stars for a couple of reasons. Firstly my sister ordered a small glass of rose which ended up costing £6.20  - I dread to think what a large would have cost! The waiter had asked if she wanted French or Spanish, but neglected to mention if there was a price difference and when looking later we couldn't see any rose by the glass on the menu...

Secondly, the food was okay but nothing more. It was a good deal getting 2 courses for £15 (as we were there before 6pm), but a side of chips cost nearly £4 extra. I opted for Innis & Gun beer battered fish and chips which was pretty good - the batter was crispy, the chips were fine (I'd have liked them done a little more, but they weren't uncooked) and the homemade tartar sauce and mushy peas were tasty too. The fish, however, was a very thick fillet so far too heavy on the fish side in the fish:batter ratio for my liking. And I've had better white fish before... but for the price it was fine.

Oh, and my sister ordered a goat's cheese salad (with a side of chips) but when the plate arrived it was clear something had gone wrong as she'd been given a mushroom arancini instead... she ate it rather than complaining, but did say if she'd known she'd be served that she wouldn't have ordered the chips! It was especially odd and only minutes before our food arrived the waiter had come back to our table and asked "You've ordered the goat's cheese yes?"....

If I was in town, and perhaps looking a little smarter, I'd consider popping by Tigerlily for their set menu deal. But the add-ons, the chips and the heinously expensive house rose, really bump up the price - doubled it in fact, so it's not quite the bargain you expect.
I like Tigerlilly ! I prefer better for a cocktail or afternoon tea! I have dined and the food was delicious but really afternoon tea here is fabby!
We opted for afternoon tea for two including a ketel pot cocktail, lots of lovely cakes, scones and sandwiches and the staff who served us were lovely. I love the decor of tigerlilly and its always has a nice atmosphere and lots of professionalism.
Fancy spot. Trendy atmosphere and lighting. Food was ok but didn't get the best service due to our server was still new. So we had a few missed orders. I had the Tum Yum soup that came with shrimp and pork dumplings. Spicy and no vegetables? Ademe in a sauce that was sweet and spicy with a hint of wasaby. Maybe I should have had steak. I noticed other dishes were large and hearty.
We stayed at the hotel for a Saturday night in July, arrived around 1:20pm (while check-in time is 2pm) to a snobby receptionist.The receptionist promised to give us a call when the room was ready so we walked around George St., Princes St., spent some time in a park before we headed back to the hotel around 2:40pm (this time served by another snobby receptionist) and still had to wait until after 3pm. From the other reviews this seems like some kind of systematic problem.
The room was absolutely beautiful and clean, a big separate bathroom, very comfortable beds, amazing furniture.
We spent the night in a close-by venue watching a great local band and returned to the hotel around 12:30am. The hotel entrance and the bar were completely packed, the music was exceptionally loud and the elevator was blocked by round about a dozen drunken guys trying to party inside the 4-prs-elevator cab. So we had to find the stairs up to our room.
In the room it was way too loud to think of sleeping, it felt like the loud bass made the bed swing. There were people walking around the corridor, doors clapping every now and then and even some people trying to open our door. After the music stopped between 3am and 3:30am there was still lots of noise coming in from the corridor. 
The receptionist on checkout next morning was friendlier than the two guys during checkin.
Tigerlily was hyped up so much by friends and family that it seemed a place not to miss in Edinburgh. This is true. I understand the hype. The venue itself is pretty gorgeous, and on a Saturday night it was absolutely packed. I was blown away by the  size of the cocktail menu. It is huge! Thirty six pages (some are photographs) of amazing cocktails! However, the cocktails I chose was disappointing. I went for my usual Bloody Mary, which is made with Belvedere Bloody Mary Vodka and Absolut Peppar vodka. Sounds amazing, right?! It was pretty diluted with the vodka, so that the punch of the flavours just wasn't there. It was very bland and boring. It didn't work for me, so that's why I took a star off my rating. Other than that, it's a great place for a night out in Edinburgh!
Tigerlily: A short review.

No.

Tigerlily: A long review.

This place is full of people who aren't even rich. That's the main problem with it, as far as I can see. I don't mind being looked down upon by people who are wealthy - I kind of expect it. I don't take it personally for two reasons - one, it adds flavour to life and that's a good thing, and two, they probably are better than me, as I am a feckless rogue.

What I do find a little surreal though is being looked down upon by people who are NOT significantly richer than me, but are really, really trying to look like they are. 

There's a certain pity and confusion that rises in your soul when a whole group of desperately clean-shaven middle-aged accountants raucously tells you that you look like ZZ Top because you have a (let's face facts) not very large beard, and then they all laugh - in a very specific way. 

I can't tell you if my analysis of this laugh is accurate - I don't know, I'm not a doctor. But here's what I heard.

It's not a mocking laugh, it just wants to be. They don't really care about the beard, they just think that being sarcastic about it WOULD BE WHAT A RICH PERSON WOULD DO, and that's what they're doing. The laughter is shrill, afraid - please, please - don't let me be discovered. I'm rich too... honestly.

For some reason though, people who want to pretend to be rich people like purple stuff. Perhaps it harks back to the days of Rome, when purple was a dye associated with the Emperor, and later the aristocracy. Perhaps it's something else, I don't know, I'm not a doctor. What I do know is this - there's so much goddamned purple in that place it makes my eyes bleed. 

My beautiful lady had only ever been there once, many years ago, as part of a large group of friends who could protect her with their personalities. Sadly, we arrived early, and her and I sat awkwardly, our eyes darting from left to right, and right to left, unnerved by just how out of place we both felt.

It was fine - once my lady's friends came. Some people I could talk to. That's nice. And her lovely college friend came with her delightfully unpretentious boyfriend. We formed a cabal in the corner which became a kind of support group, and was working well.

But then a drunken blonde woman (I shit you not) leaps out of what I can only assume was the devil's arse and starts grabbing my beard (hard) and jumping all over me in a really aggressive, sexual way, in front of both MY WIFE and HER BOYFRIEND.

I can only assume that I was being a pawn in some 'Game Of Thrones'-esque political subterfuge, perhaps to make her man jealous. I don't know, I'm not a doctor. What I do know is this. That was not a rich woman. You could see it in her eyes - not the poverty, mind, but the desperation to hide it. And also sex, and something else too. Something dark and cruel, some atavistic impulse from a time in humanity's ancient past best left buried and long-dead. I literally had to openly tell her to back off me before she would. 

I was scared then, not scared for my life, but scared for something else, something primal and important that I knew I stood to lose even though I could not name it. I still can't name it, even now that the danger has receded. 

In conclusion, this bar is like Barbie's version of Inception.  The whiskey is £12 a shot (Lagavulin with marinaded Cherries - marinaded in the BLOOD OF CHRIST for that price, apparently) but not because these people can afford it. It's £12 a shot because that's what they WANT TO PAY, because that's what rich people do, right? Right? Isn't it?

Isn't it?

I just don't know. I'm not a doctor.
I was at Tigerlilly for Sunday lunch. 

Scallop, Melon & Watercress for starter. The Scallops were cooked just right, and tasted wonderful, light, fresh and sweet.

Belly of Pork for main course (served on a bed of mash and greens). This looked quite delicious, however (as was the case with my ex wife) looks can be deceiving. The meat itself was tough and lacked any real flavor. The mash and greens were all too more-ish, nice and buttery. All this is sad as the same dish at "Rick's" (a sister restaurant to "Tigerlilly") was very good.

"Clark's Scottish Cheeses" for dessert was served with 2 Oatmeal Biscuits, a nano dollop of Spiced Pear Chutney & a piece of Organic Honeycomb that was (I swear) the size of a "Mini-Shreddie". The 3 different pieces of cheese were an insultingly small 1.5 " square and .25 of an inch deep. There was Dunsyre Blue, either a Camembert or, Brie and a young and plastically tasting cheddar type cheese. The cheeses were served at a decent room temperature.

Throughout the meal I was persistently being asked if I wanted anything else and if I wanted to order a drink, I was not left alone long enough I thought.

Presentation for all dishes was spot on. Sadly, I observed a table where the guy was served before the 2 ladies he was with for 2 out of their 3 courses, poor etiquette (especially as it was "Mother's Day") IMHO.

A terrible let down for me, hence the 1 star rating.
Home of one of the best poured Tanqueray & tonic's I've ever had. Served up in a big heavy tumbler with a big slice of grapefruit. Marvellous.

Quite a classy bar on George St that still welcomes the commoners in Edinburgh (see: me) with a big smile and very welcoming manners. Service was quick and didn't scrimp on quality and the bar itself was very well laid out and stylish.

The building itself is huge inside with grand mirrors and fireplaces along with low lying couches. Every room is different, through the back where the diners are (where we ended up after our mini reception for our friends 30th) has a lower light, darker colours and a more intimate feel to it, with the front bar being very open and bright.

The dinner was delicious too. We chose from a set menu, 3 courses for £30. The salmon they buy in for this place is delicious, obviously with thanks going to the chef for cooking it so well.

I had no idea this place was a hotel but now that I know and have seen the service and level of quality that they offer to all their guests (whether they are diners, drinkers or hotel guests) I would definitely recommend this place to any friends coming from a different city, wanting something a bit classier to stay.
Always get a really good meal here with some very good meal options. The only downside was no kids menu but picking a couple of sides kinda worked out ok. Staff as always were excellent and the location is extremely good. For evenings try out the cocktails, they have one that comes in a jam jar.
Great hotel!
This is a great hotel, just a 10 minute walk from Edinburgh castle, 20 minute walk from Waverly station (take a cab if you have bags, as it is uphill) and close by to some of the large businesses of the area.
The room was fantastic, great size, recently refurbished in great style and the price was even better!
I booked online and used their summer saver type rate, 89GBP B&B.

My only disappointment with this organization was that they would not honour my customers negotiated rate without using their travel agent.  Not a problem this time as the summer saver was the same price as my customers rate, but out of season I may have to use the Hilton instead :(
This is a nice enough hotel with excellent service, but I felt it was way overpriced for what you get.  I was staying with a platonic friend, and they only offered rooms with one not very large bed.   The internet connection (wifi and cable in room) is pretty slow and unstable, and cuts off every 30 mins.- I couldn't check or send email the whole time I was there (3 days).  There are only 4 or so channels on the tv, no movies.  No gym or spa, yet the price was $250 a night. The food in the restaurant was nothing to get excited about.  The bar was quite nice, with a very efficient and friendly bartender who also was our waiter in the restaurant.  The location is pretty good.  It's an ok place overall, but for the money I would go elsewhere.
Ate their for the 2nd time on Friday.

Stunning food, I had the smoked eel and then the pork shoulder! Two great dishes!!

Also sampled the beef and snail salad! Superb!!
I went for lunch here after they sent me an email with what seemed like an amazing lunchtime deal. And as much as it kills me to quote my mother, if something seems to good to be true then it usually is. That was definitely the case here. Don't get me wrong, it was nice. But 'nice' also applies to your friend's boring girlfriend, or the jumper your gran gives you at christmas and is desperate to hear your opinion of. 

First off, I think it's really cheeky when restaurants charge you for a basket of bread. Especially when there's only one slice each, it's not even that fresh and it costs £3.50. For that price i could have bought myself a glass of wine, and i know which one of the two i'd have preferred!

We were ordering from the 'Du Vin Or Not Du Vin' menu, which gave us the choice of 2 courses for £10 a head, or 2 courses with wine for £15 a head. At first glance, it all sounded very tasty and exciting... but it was effectively just a list of your bang-average pub dishes described over 4 or 5 lines, with at least half of those words being in various foreign languages.

My boyfriend had steak and chips (which, incidentally, wasn't cooked the way he'd asked for it) and I had mussels and chips in a really bland cream sauce with some green bits in it, although if they were herbs I couldn't taste them... now you understand why they have to dress it up so much on the menu! In the ten days since we ate there, I've completely forgotten what we even had as a starter - read into that what you will.

Long story short, I ended up paying almost £50 for a meal that they make you think will cost £30. More annoyingly, it was a meal that I could have got in pretty much any of the half dozen pubs within 20 metres of here, for a fraction of that price and with much better atmosphere. I don't mind paying a lot when it's actually worth it, but I just got the feeling here that they were trying to get money out of you at every available opportunity, with all their sly little extras.
You can quite easily walk past this hotel because it sits quietly on the road, minding its own business. But when you take the time to go in here, wow. It's so chic, really really modern and trendy, a place for professionals!
The hotel rooms are lovely too and it is in such a great location for first-time visits to the city. It has everything you would want from a hotel!
They have a really good wine bar, Du vin, which is a great place to spend the evenings!

There are usually good deals on the internet for this hotel too, worth a look!
Du Vin is the wine bar in the beautiful hotel, Hotel du Vin. It's uber classy and ultra chic. My sort of place!

There is such a great mix of people in here , professionals just getting a drink with a really laid-back atmosphere. You;re not pestered by sleazy guys spilling their beer on you whilst telling you about their amazing job and fast car etc etc.

it's a really classy wine bar, and the wine is chilled to perfection. They really know their stuff!
Hotel du Vin is one of the newer culinary, wine orientated kids on the block in the old town, and it certainly looks the plush part, with the immaculately finished, rustic, French kitchen-esque restaurant space, teamed with a really tasty, and also French themed food menu.

I've been here for dinner a couple of times, and a couple of dishes have really stood out, namely the crab and chips, and at times you can't beat a good old rib eye steak, which is also a brilliant option here. The dishes stick to fairly classic formulas, but have enough variety to be universally people pleasing. Prices are reasonable for the quality of the food, although they definitely couldn't be classed as cheap. The wine list is extensive, and there's a mezzanine bar and a cool whisky snug where you can enjoy a drink afterwards, plus a cigar shack if that's your thing.
Don't know what the food is like, but I have to say as a review on staff. 5 stars!

Was recently in for a Christmas Fair and must say, really nice people who work here! Also I really like the atmosphere and design of the Hotel. The entry way is a really nice touch and is pretty at night! I'm surprised I hadn't been in yet! 

I recently booked my parents into a hotel, but now that I just went here I wish I got them a spot here so I can visit!
I wanted to save some of my review for Hotel du Vin to outside of the Yelp event that I attended recently. It first caught my eye with the window display of wine casks that made me what to squash my nose up against the window in an alcohol-induced frenzy, but I was with people, too sober and too self conscious with a dash of 'how clean are those windows' thrown in to boot. Nonetheless, it had reached my subconscious that I wanted to return. Little did I know that this would be via a Yelp event, but it was a great introduction to a place that I definitely have plans to return to to test out their menu. We were delivered canapes as part of a wine tasting event - if that is the quality, then I won't be disappointed, especially in the cheese stuffed profiteroles... sinfully good. 

We were given a nice little tour of the hotel - the snug, a nice wee place to indulge in a whisky with friends (yup, I can picture long nights of drunken scheming and finagling taking place in here), the restaurant complete with wine theme, and a fantastic overtop bar with a great view of the diners below. For the somewhat closeted geek in me - loved the wine pull (treat wine like beer! Imagine the lockin fun with that!), the seriously over the top wine tasting room with custom built tasting station (and very bad fake stone wall paper). 

And that brings me to the parts that make me cringe - the fake stone wallpaper took a rather funky tasting room (next door to cellars I would dream of owning) and added a layer of crass. The chandelier made out of nasty looking wine glasses just further contributed... and the mural of Burke and Hare in the function room was just seriously awful. If those were accidentally burned in a freak accident, I wouldn't miss them. That would leave the much better parts of Hotel du Vin, including the super lovely staff (Nan the manageress and Seb... a fantastic speaker, raconteur and sommelier) to do nothing but impress.
Never fails to impress! Lovely food, better wine, delightful staff! So friendly and helpful, I guess you're paying for it but that's why you go here! You know what you're getting, always good, lovely atmosphere, well done hotel du vin.
The Hotel du Vin is such a cooooooooool place.  The setting is gorgeous, they have a really swish smoking shelter with a fire which makes me want to take up smoking (joking!), an amazingly fabulous whisky snug, and a cool wine glass chandelier.  

I booked in here for afternoon tea with my mom, attracted by the interesting G&T(ea) option.  We actually decided on the bubbly accompaniment, but the cocktail did sound tasty.  

We arrived to a lovely little setup.  There were two parties who had booked in for afternoon tea and we each got our own little tucked away corner to enjoy ourselves.  This was great because it allowed us to chat and stay for ages.  

The downside started when we waited quite a while for the very rushed/harassed bartender (on a Monday afternoon) to come and ask how we would like to receive our tea (we asked for the bubbly last, but got it first).  We then waited for what felt like too long again before actually receiving our tea and nibbles.  

The nibbles were... meh.  The sandwiches were fine though pretty uninspired.  Ham, cheese, and salmon.  That's it.  We then each had two scones (one fruit and one plain).  I never understand when they give you two full-sized scones and often wonder if it's a cheap way to fill someone up?  The dessert tier was pretty lacking.  I tried everything and while half of the desserts didn't seem terribly fresh, the other half were just relatively tasteless.  

So, the setting was fantastic but the actual afternoon tea itself left me feeling pretty "meh" about the whole experience.  

I would come here for a drink but would look elsewhere next time I feel like afternoon tea,
I hadn't been to the Hotel du Vin Bistro before, as I typically avoid hotel restaurants; they are frequently both lazy and expensive, depending on their captive audience of business residents dining on expense accounts. However, we had a party of five during the festival, and other choices were in short supply. We booked for 18.45, and on arrival we were shown to a very nice semi-private area with a view on the kitchen. Really nice. 

We made our choices from the supplied menus, noting that the food was, indeed, quite pricey, with separate sides required for most main courses. On her return to take our order, we were informed by the very pleasant waitress that several items were no longer available. Surprising, given how early we were, and disappointing that we weren't informed before choosing. I had selected the steak haché, but the rösti that was meant to accompany it was going to be replaced with fries, and I didn't want that. According to the waitress, the batch of rösti made in the morning was sub-standard, and there was insufficient time to make more. 

The standard of food was generally good. The starter of French onion soup looked and tasted delicious, with a thick crust of cheese, and the Heritage Beetroot and goat's cheese salad received a quite positive reception. 

A main course of seared salmon on a bed of warm salad niçoise delivered moist salmon with a lovely crispy skin, though the salad was rather over-filled with olives for my taste. Our accompanying wine, while good, was also expensive. 

The disaster, though, came when we ordered petit fours with our coffee. We were told that we'd get three pieces, so we ordered three portions between us. When they were arrived we were presented with three identical plates, with three pieces of deep fried Mars bar on cocktail sticks. The appearance was awful, the taste was worse, and we had them removed from the bill. Aside from the prices, the rest of the meal had been reasonable, the surroundings and service were good, but the petit fours left a very bad taste. Unfortunate end to a pleasant evening.
It's too bad you can't eat the Posh here.  Beautiful room, nicely decorated, with an upscale cozy lodge feel.  Unfortunately the food and service leave a lot to be desired.  The food was edible for sure, but at the prices I would expect exceptional, or at least very good.

I had the French onion soup to start, as it was a cold, rainy night.  When it came I thought I was in for a treat, as it was covered in melty, gooey gruyere cheese.  Sadly the soup underneath was underseasoned, with none of that sweet oniony goodness and deep rich beefy flavour that comes from mountains of slowly cooked onions and homemade beef stock.  

My main was a ribeye, perfectly cooked and tasty, if a bit on the thin side (I think that's the style for steak in this country).  The Jus on the side was bland and overly thick.  The chips on the side were nice though.

For dessert I chose creme brûlée, as it's a nice indication of quality.  The custard was creamy and the perfect consistency, though it was cold.  The top was overly browned and too thick, ending a chewy mess stuck in my teeth.  Not the worst creme brûlée but well below the best.

Finally I have to call out the poor quality of service.  We were served by several different waiters throughout the meal, with the first having to read the specials off her crib sheet.  This in itself is forgivable had the dishes not trickled out of the kitchen.  Also my friend and I both ordered coffee which never came.  And finally after waiting in front of empty plates and glasses for 15 minutes or so, with two of our party having departed, I had to flag down yet a different waiter for the check, which I then had to send back to have the phantom coffees redacted.  Overall a poor dining experience, and quite a disappointment.  There are better ways to spend your money.
Fine dining as good as it gets, without the pomp or miniscule portion sizes. In fact quite the opposite. 

You simply need to walk into the Bistro to get a sense of the luxurious but slightly more laid back style of Hotel du Vin's restaurant. A real fire burning in the corner (which we were lucky enough to be sitting next to), warm glowing light and candles, dark wood, and that French style with mustard-yellow walls and many wine bottles scattered around to lend a decent air of romance.

The champagne that was suggested as an apertif was exquisite. The smoked salmon starter offering so much salmon I didn't think I would manage half, in anticipation of my main. But then, on tasting it, I proceeded to eat it all and wish for more. Until the main came. The steak main that is chopped with onions, grilled, served on potato rosti with a fried egg on top. I thought this may be the slightly less 'fine' way of eating steak. But it was potentially one of the best steaks I've had. It was still raw at points in the middle (I love my steak rare, and completely raw as in steak tartare) but had the delicious charcoaled edge on the outside. It was also such a large portion I couldn't finish it, despite practically laughing with joy after every mouthful.

In case you can't quite decipher what I'm trying to explain, the food at Hotel du Vin is du-vine (see what I did there? Devine? Ah, nevermind. Ruining a moment). There are many great restaurants in Edinburgh serving that oh-so-hot-right-now British gastro-dining, such as venison steak with kale and sweet potato. Hotel du Vin takes it back to a more continental (well, French, basically) which was a refreshing change.

The service was also friendly and attentive, without being intrusive. The surroundings and setting were quite perfect really. Given its location, in the epicentre of Edinburgh University and its students, surrounded by yoga schools, bars and soup cafés, I can imagine it being walked by. And that is such a shame, although it is the sort of place you kind of want to keep as your delicious little secret.

Next to try is the Sunday 'Le Brunch' which I hear is equally exceptional.
What a Sunday Brunch!
Great little place in old town...
Burger is spot on.
A review for the Hotel du Vin (not the Bistro, unfortunately...) 

I had a truly lovely one night stay at the Hotel du Vin -- and would've stayed longer if time allowed. It's a beautifully remastered property with all the classic touches brought up to high sheen. 

The room: a well thought out space which contained a sizable bed (comfortable), small desk, commanding wardrobe and flat screen TV. The real hit is the bathroom -- with a full-sized tub and rain shower, higher end shampoos and soaps and fluffy towels/robes. Nothing overlooked -- even fresh milk in the fridge for your coffee! 

Room service. I opted for room service breakfast and it was fairly standard for the price (about 13 quid) and included a basket of pastries (too much for one person surely!), and then selection of juices (fresh OJ!), a carafe of coffee, yogurt with meusli and fresh berry compote. Satisfying and delivered swiftly -- I found it a worthwhile investment. 

The extras: complimentary wifi (and it works!), nespresso machines in room, velvet red cake squares at reception, the ladies even called me a taxi to train station. 

The rate: 89/night (midweek, advance paid booking via web) 
*authorisation of 50 on your credit card at check-in. 

Will definitely stay again. Well located to great restaurants, Edinburgh University, great shops, Greyfriar's Bobby. 

Protip: make a reservation to eat at The Outsider nearby. Very good restaurant and literally a 1 minute walk.
There is a sense in which this place was on a hiding to nothing, from the outset, as we'd had a simply excellent meal, the night before, at Cafe Fish, with the same group of people, visiting for the Six Nations rugby. It seemed unlikely that we could hit those heights, two nights in a row.

And so it proved. I had a disappointing spinach souffle, to start, then followed with the steak hache, which was good without being particularly memorable. Service was confused and confusing, with a lot of staff overlapping and the pace of delivery rather pedestrian.

It was a shame as I really like the venue. It's an excellent marriage of old and new, and the place has a lovely vibe. Their wine list is as impressive as you would expect.

It's priced as fine dining, but the quality on offer is nowhere near that.

Overall, we said: "Bistro du Vin certainly met our post-match needs very nicely, but it didn't quite hit the heights, for me. While the setting was lovely, and a jolly good time was had by all, I'm not sure the quality of the dishes was all that it could have been."
Booked lunch here recently and had been really looking forward to this special treat, but it was a bit of a mixed bag.  Not all I'd hoped for really, especially not for the price!

Good points however included the amazing interior design of the entrance initially, through a court yard, outdoor seating and a hut with a small fire.  This space must be lovely in the summer.  Chech out the crystal wine glass chandelier when you enter reception! The restaurant was dec'd out in a french theme, lovely wooden open beams, ocher yellow walls and unique wine accessories dotted across the walls. Cute single laddie and lassie toilets with lovely hand gel and moisturiser.  The wine was outstanding, even the cheapest wine, a Portuguese red, £4.75 (!) for a small, but what else do you expect from the 'Hotel of Wine'?  The warm bread basket with butter served after the champagne was a lovely touch too. 

Bad points on the other hand, was the food!  The three course lunch was just nice, but not the fine dining experience I expected.  The starter, Alaskan prawn (with shells) and aioli was surprisingly stone cold, time consuming and a little dull.  The portion was generous, but the taste; not out of this world.  My main was Skate Wing with roast potatoes and spring leaves.  The fish was over salted and fiddly to eat, too many bones. I noticed other people here reviewing have commented on the food containing too much salt too, it's just not necessary.  Dessert was 'crunchy' apple crumble and cream, the crunchy being that the apple were a bit al dente.  The dessert was probably the best course out of the three, but nothing all that special.  The staff were generally attentive but when I asked a question about the Skate, they never returned with an answer?  I paid just under £40 for the 3 course lunch, with champagne and a small red and came away thinking I'd experienced better and wasn't even that full!
My partner had a voucher for a meal for two and we went on Friday night. The welcome at the door was great and we were shown to a lovely table. 

The waiter, sommelier and manager were all really friendly, knowledgeable and friendly. Our food was lovely - we had steak tartare and pate for starters with a lovely wine and then had a fabulous plate of hot shellfish and crustaceons with chips.

I didnt like my dessert but then I was trying something new and my partner finished it very happily. We had a lovely evening and great atmosphere.
Had dinner here with the in-laws a wee while ago to celebrate the OH's birthday. 
The food and wine were lovely, the service was prompt & friendly but I found the restaurant a bit dark despite the high ceilings. There's not much natural light & even though we were sat by the window I almost felt like I was sitting in the dark.

Next time I'd try the upstairs bar or if it's warm enough, a table in the courtyard.
Parfait. De la literie à la cafetière nespresso dans la chambre, en passant par l'impressionnante liste de scotchs, vins, liqueurs et cigares (avec un fumoir exterieur). Petit dejeuner un peu cher mais de qualite.
So this place used to be a Mental Asylum 

And now for the review... 

The service, food, standards and overall personality of this hotel make for a solid four star experience. I stayed in one of their sister hotels before so there is a faint whiff of 'chain' but certainly nothing that takes away from the experience. 

Like I said,  a solid four star experience,  that's until I strolled into the bathroom for a shower after a cold afternoon in Edinburgh... and all of a sudden 4 became 5. Underfloor heating 'ya wee dancer'!
i popped in here the other night to grab a quick drink before an elite event.  i've been to the bar a few times before, but it was nice to re-visit as it had been a few years since the last time i'd been in.  like other hotel du vins, this is a fantastic hotel!  it's located in what used to be edinburgh's insane asylum, so a bit of historic bit totally refurbished to a 4 star hotel.  hopefully without any residual inmates from the past!!

the bar is on a mezzaine level above the main restaurant, making it rather small but as cosy.  i quite like it and it's never been busy when i've been in so i've always been able to get a seat.  there are so cosy sofas for sitting and also a few small tables with chairs dotted about as well.  it's all keeping the general design of the hotel which is dark colours, leather and exposed brick.  very chic indeed.

as we were only there for a quick drink, i got a whisky sour which my drink mates had a margarita and a bloody mary.  the waiter was very friendly and after taking our drinks order brought over a pot of olives and some nuts for nibbling on.  drinks arrived promptly as well and i can confirm my whisky sour was top quality.  it went down a treat and i was sad not to have the time to get another!  similar comments were made of the bloody mary and margarita.  as time was short we got the bill and were on our way shortly after the drinks were done, but overall a lovely visit and i'll need to make a point of getting to hotel du vin again soon!
3.5 stars! Not quite 4, not quite 3.

Things I liked about Hotel Du Vin:
- The happiest morning wake up call in history - "GOOOOO-OOOD Morning! This is your wake up call, it's lovely outside, have a GREAT DAY!!!" 
- Nice toiletries and bath products, and dimmers on the bathroom for ultimate bath relaxation
- Nice selection of food in the mini bar, other than the usual suspects
- Great location in the centre of the old town

Things not so great:
- The rooms are TINY. And either really hot (without AC) or really cold (with)
- Lots of odd noises from plumbing and the likes
- Continental breakfast was amazing. Any of the cooked additions were not
- You have to pay for water in your room. This is unacceptable
- Prices in general at the bar, in the mini-bar, are really high (£9.10 for a glass of not great white wine - glad I only got one)
- Patchy wifi. Not terrible but not great. 

Overall I would still stay again, once I was feeling flush and could try my hand at getting upgraded to a bigger room!
I was sure I'd reviewed here, but maybe I've been reviewing in my sleep (again). Sleeping - now there's a nice segue to my review of staying at Hotel du Vin.

I'd stayed here previously, and was definitely tainted by that experience as I'd been upgraded to a suite. I remembered the breakfast was delicious, the bed was comfy and there was a massive claw-foot bath (which I didn't have time to use, but it was nice to look at). 

This time I was in a standard double room and the difference was noticeable as the room was quite a lot smaller. There isn't really too much else that's different though, there's still a bath (with the shower) and there's a desk if you need to get some work done. The beds are massive and you wouldn't find yourself short of a pillow. On my first night's stay I was in a room on the first floor, behind the bar and was kept awake all night by a weird plumbing noise in the room, and could also hear the person above me moving around their room. Thankfully, getting moved to another room wasn't a problem and the lovely lady on the front desk had it sorted for me in a short while. 

The room I was moved to was on the other side of the hotel, but sadly had the same plumbing noise - possibly the air conditioning? I can mostly sleep through anything (e.g. Olympic football matches) so it was annoying to be kept awake by this noise. 

My only other grumble was at breakfast. On the first day, they were able to oblige my gluten free request and I got a bread basket of GF bread as well as GF bread with my eggs Benedict. However, on the second day they were out of GF bread, and still hadn't restocked on the third day. That made me a little sad as with such a fancy hotel, you'd think they'd join the dots and get some bread in. 

Otherwise, my stay was pleasant and comfortable. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, and the barman in the evening happily kept me going with pistachios which was very kind of him. The staff were really helpful when I asked to move rooms, and I enjoyed being able to sit in the bar of an evening having a drink before going to bed.
I used to associate this ultra-chic restaurant/bar with those who liked to be seen in Edinburgh (yah's etc) as it was once a private-members club, so imagine my surprise when I went to Hawk and Hunter for a friends birthday - it was really, really lovely!! The decor is really chic and the toilets are amongst some of the best I've ever experienced in Edinburgh. There are two quality indicators I like to use when reviewing places  - the toilet and the temperature of the wine. I give Hawke and Hunter 10 out of 10 for both. Especially the bathroom, it's worth visiting for that reason alone.

The Georgian style of the restaurant is typical of Edinburgh New-Town, with a really dramatic sweeping staircase taking you up to the bar, and up again to the restaurant. It's really cool, and I loved just sitting on the sofa's looking around me. The only thing I would criticize, which I would by lying if I said I didn't expect, was the price. You just know you're going to be paying for the drink as well as for the surroundings. Otherwise, it's really worthwhile paying it a visit. PLUS it's open till 3am - for the suave amongst us who like to be out but don't like the stinky clubs, this is the place to go.
Hawke & Hunter has that effortlessly polished, self-confident feel about it that does equate to a pretty awesome eating and drinking experience. In its previous lives as The Hallion and Home House, this was a private member's club, but thankfully no longer, and I would suggest to anyone tiring of staring at the same old dance floors and bar stools to come along to the East End and experience something a bit different.

Hawke & Hunter is set out over several floors of pretty spacious Georgian Townhouse grandness, with the inconspicuous entrance, which looks a bit like it could be the door to an office or someone's house, leading inside to the restaurant on the ground floor. I recently came here for my friend's hen do, for which we hired out one of the private dining rooms. It was really, really lovely, and beautifully decorated, with the fortune of having our own dining space being absolutely ideal for our purposes, which included a banterful quiz on my engaged friend's life, plus a few speeches and some loud nostalgia and storytelling. The food was also lovely, classic with a bit of a modern tweak to it. It wasn't the cheapest experience of all time, but not too expensive either considering the private dinner party experience.

Up the winding staircase you'll find the main bar, which is really striking. With its sweeping bar surface and Art Deco looks, plus a tasty cocktail list, this is definitely a very cool place for a drink. The ladies toilets are something else too. Not something you flag up in a review, but the grandeur of the "powder room" (classier than toilet) is an amazing place for a quick gossip on the chaise longue provided for such activities. 

Aside from the bar and restaurant, there is also a whisky bar up a further flight of stairs, and some boutique hotel rooms for guests. Hawke & Hunter has definitely been an alcohol scented breath of fresh air for Edinburgh, with a mix of well heeled and quirky individuals looking for something more than what's on offer in other parts of town. Super recommended.
So, last time I was here, it was called Ego. This was 3 years ago and Mr. Scruff was doing a DJ set that I went to to photograph for the Student Newspaper. Ego had its weekend gay night (I hope that doesn't sound inappropriate, but that's very literally what it was), and so I heard about it from my flatmate quite often as well. It's a really cool venue, very decadent looking and velvety. 

Now, it's the Hawke and Hunter and continues to be located in Edinburgh Pink Triangle (not to be confused with the Pubic Triangle) alongside GHQ and the Street. I went to Hawke and Hunter because (surprise surprise!) it's been turned into a venue where they're playing Hot Mess by Ella Hickson (I recommend seeing it). It was an interesting space, dark with paintings that lit up on the ceiling and strange lines of colourful lights on the floor.
A Friday regular before my travelling year (even had my leaving do here!), I was not keen upon return to find Hawke & Hunter had finally given in to the Happy Hour ban that had come into play in 2009, of which they had initially managed to find a way around. And sure enough, upon my return to Friday H&H drinks, it looked like the effect had well and truly set in, as my fellow socialisers and I found the bar to be downright empty.

So with a heavy heart (and a fickle attitude) I shunned Hawke & Hunter from my social itinerary..... forever!!

Or maybe not, fate would have it.....!

With my sister's birthday this Saturday past, she had the idea of a Voodoo Rooms/Hawke & Hunter double-whammy. I didn't even know either were on her radar but who was I to argue? So off I trot.

And my faith in Hawke & Hunter was re-ignited.

Now I should clarify that my reasons for the aforementioned shunning was down to the lack of atmosphere and NOT the lack of happy hour. Hawke & Hunter is an exremely pretty bar, make no mistake, but with no clientele or atmosphere it is all for nought.

However, you pour over a helping of bohemia, throw a dash of posers in with a sprinkling of working class and even a sprig of student vibe to top off, shake up this eclectic mix of Edinburgh patronage and you end up with the buzzy atmosphere of Saturday night Hawke & Hunter.

On paper, this place should be more pretentious than it actually is. You have the immaculate upstairs bar, playing a retro movie across the linen-draped wall; you have the intimate outdoor garden with its inviting plush seating; you have the intriguing array of eclectic cocktails at slightly above average prices. However the crowd that make up an evening here are such a mixed bag, you never get that 'are they judging me' feeling. Not even from the staff.... something you can't say the same for somewhere like Electric Circus let's say.

Hawke & Hunter.... I missed you!

PROS: All of the above.

CONS: No JD! For shame!
I joined over 200 folk here last night for the annual EdTwestival, and so am reviewing Hawke and Hunter as a venue. I know it's also a bar, restaurant, club and dinner-joint. But after 'working' here for a few hours alongside the staff and admiring the gorgeous interior its safe to say I'll be heading back soon to dine.

It's in a nice wee location, just round from Broughton Street (one of my favourite places in Edinburgh), and beside the Met cocktail bar. Easy to get to and with lots of bars in reach.

We were using the upstairs space and the downstairs and outdoor space. The upstairs hall is really quite big and easily fit over 100 folk, a cake stand, and some bands in. The acoustics were good too and it never got too hot; the ceilings are really tall (I love old Edinburgh buildings) so that helped.

I was working up the front desk checking people in, alongside the cloakroom. The girl on the cloakroom was really lovely, and dealt very well with the stress of a lot of people looking to check in, check coats in, and getting us confused about who was doing what. The bouncers I spoke to were nice too, and earlier on in the day the staff setting up were more than helpful. So big thumbs up for all the great people that work there.

The downstairs 'club' area was really cosy, nice booths, with a big open space at the bar. Despite being crowded it never felt *too* crowded.

Recently there's been a lot of press around the new chef at Hawke & Hunter. My incessant curiosity and foodie nature combined with my positive impression of Hawke and Hunter at Twestival means I'll certainly be back to update this review with foodie ravings galore.
I also had Broken Lemon Tart which consisted of yuzu parfait, frozen shortbread, pistachio puree, compact watermelon, and coconut jelly. This was fun, light and each item had a distinct unique flavor. 

As all good culinary opera's must end, so must this one and it did with my signature doppio espresso with a twist. In keeping with the spirit of the rest of the evening, this near perfect espresso was accompanied with a delicious collage of petifores, (Fudge cheesecake, honey of raisin granola, honeycomb tuile & tanka bean ice cream). I mean seriously how often does one get to eat tanka bean ice cream. This dish was actually the best desert I had this night and it was served on a groovy piece of drift wood. Which reminds me, everything from the preparation, presentation, service and taste at Hawke & Hunter was above and beyond my expectations. I have been to several places that boast food of this level but fail to deliver. Hawke and Hunter was quite the opposite. They didn't boast but they sure did deliver. 

Bravo!

(Pictures are available for all these dishes on the Hawke & Hunter Yelp link)
Is there anything this place doesn't do? Cocktail bar, check. Whisky room, check. Fine dining restaurant, check. Night club, check. Gorgeous outdoor garden, check. Large room for live music, check. Seriously, No 12 Picardy Place (former Hawke & Hunter) holds everything you would need for a wonderful night out in its gorgeous Georgian house walls.

I was recently at their Global Party which opened up all areas for a full evening of dining, cocktais, canapes, dancing - the works. I've previously dined in Mark Greenaway (http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/mark-greenaway-edinburgh) and the canapés that were circulating were equally as divine. I'm sure one of them was foie gras (I had to have several to confirm).

The cocktail bar is really quite different to many I've been to in Edinburgh. It's just the Georgian house surroundings, you can't get away from how impressive and lush the whole place is. White, stylish, lots of comfy booths, I was very in my element. The only downside is the ladies toilets only have two cubicles - and we all know what they can be like anyway with queues. But they are quite lush inside, big mirrors, a chaise longue. You  know, just if you feel like lounging in the swishest way possible.

I really appreciated the difference in style and tone of the whisky room upstairs. All dark wood, much more old-fashioned and obviously suited to the whisky itself. 

The whole place is like Narnia and every room you walk in to is another wardrobe door leading to a different world. 

If you head next door, the Green Room is a large gig-type space that can be used for functions and that night had live music (I think afterwards I went up to meet Leon Jackson and spilled some margarita on him. Sorry Leon!) And nip downstairs to Under the Stairs for the basement level club which is all low ceilings, lots of booths for sitting and a reasonable sized dance floor. It all just *works*.

The Secret Garden outside is perfect for smokers, or if you just want some fresh air after lots of dancing and drinks. One of those things that when you're normally in a full club and you think "I just need some fresh air" - well at No 12, they can provide et voila! There it is.

How else can I put it to show my appreciation for how well No 12 works as a whole? A perfectly fitting jigsaw of quite different parts.

It's not somewhere I would spend every Friday night perhaps - not quite my scene as I'm a little more rough / frizzy around the edges - but if I do ever want a full night out with options for all in the party, from cocktails to whisky and a dance if you feel like it - No 12 is definitely the place to go.
Prosecco on tap....need I say more?

oh ok  I will. This is quite a new place on the Edinburgh scene, and it was badly needed. It adds a strong touch of class and elegance to the city (not that it needed any more) and just brings total indulgence to it. It is really quite trendy  - wear your good tights when you come here.

As I said, it has presecco on tap. My heart is yours, Missoni.
If I could give Hotel Missoni 10 stars I would. 

Perfectly located on George IV bridge, it's a two minute walk from the Castle and a five minute walk to the Grassmarket and the heart of Edinburgh's Old Town. Whilst the outside of the building isn't anything special, every aspect of the inside from the reception and the hallways to the rooms is S*U*B*L*I*M*E.

Designed and run by the Italian fashion house, HMi is decorated in beautiful and brightly coloured Missoni fabrics and textiles. Everywhere you look, there's splashes of bright pink, acid green, canary yellow and aqua strategically placed alongside bold grey and black and white stripes. Visitors are free to roam the hotel and check out the fabulous lamps, chairs and fabrics dotted around different floors but tourists are restricted to the bar and restaurant. In fact, the hotel is so swish you need a room key to activate the candy striped lifts!

As for the rooms, I was lucky enough to stay for 3 nights and was given a beautiful double with floor to ceiling windows, breath-taking views and the comfiest bed I've ever slept in. In keeping with the designer furniture, there was a Bang & Olson flatscreen TV, an illuminated drinks cabinet and a high end coffee maker with fresh coffee and espresso cups. My only grumble and it's a tiny one, is that I really wanted a bath and unfortunately, only the suites have baths. I can't compain however, as the bathroom was hidden behind a sliding door and included full length mirrors, luxury Missoni bathrobes and a gorgeous wet-room with power shower. 

Would I go back again? In a heartbeat.
Probably one of the BEST weekends of my life. My boyfriend has certainly raised the bar for birthday treats!

When I found out that one of my favourite design houses was creating a boutique hotel in Edinburgh I couldn't wait for the excuse to go up there to check it out. A year later my boyfriend tries to surprise me with a weekend away for my birthday (he left a tab for Edinburgh airport open on his laptop!)

The hotel itself couldn't be situated in a better location. Very convenient for a mix of shopping and sight seeing with the Royal Mile on its doorstep. It's a 5 minute walk from Edinburgh Waverly station which is where the Airlink bus starts and terminates (bargain £6 return)

The whole hotel is fabulous with Missoni all over the place, even the doormen wear Missoni kilts! The room we stayed in was jaw dropping chic. Mega comfy bed, fantastic shower, beautiful Missoni bathrobes, complementary drinks and selection of movies on the TV all made chillaxing here for the weekend perfect.

We had breakfast included with our room and it's worth it! Go for the Scottish fry up and you'll be set for a days sight seeing. We didn't dine at the hotel as there are so many other places we wanted to try, maybe next time we come up.

The hotel bar is uber cool and there's a good selection of cocktails. All the staff were friendly and super helpful (incredibly jealous they wear Missoni everyday!)

Edinburgh's a great city and I would have had a fantastic time even if we didn't get to stay at Hotel Missoni but it was definitely the icing, cherry and sprinkles on top of my weekend.
Fabulous hotel. Very contemporary and modern. Clean rooms with rain shower. Service has been excellent. 2 pieces of free laundry for each nights stay and a complimentary minibar stocked with juice and soft drinks. Right next to Royal Mile with great restaurants, pubs, shopping, and sites nearby. Wouldnt recommend the breakfast in the hotel reataurant which is mediocre and overpriced.
Gorgeous, modern hotel in an area steeped in history.  The hotel is walking distance to Edinburgh Castle and other beautiful architecture, pubs, and shops, including a cashmere shop--handy, since it was cooler than I'd anticipated so I bought a lovely, soft stole. :)  Excellent, friendly service, very comfortable room, and in a wonderful location.  Wish we were staying longer than the one night.  Try the basilito in the elegant bar--a mojito with an Italian twist (crushed grapes and basil).  Chic, colorful rooms have luxe amenities like 2 items of free laundry, an espresso machine with complimentary coffee, soft drinks, plush robes, slippers, wi-fi, and really nice bath products, not to mention super comfy bed, linens, and a great bathroom. Breakfast is included in our rate and I expect it will be perfect as well. Valet parking was a breeze and the super-nice bellman (clad in a kilt with a Missoni-patterned twist) was spot on with a dinner recommendation down the street at a restaurant called Outsider -- great food and a window table with views of Edinburgh Castle.  Later, room service accommodated my husband for a suprise for me--a not-normally-on-the-menu request for strawberries and clotted cream...in addition to champagne. :)  Highly recommend this hotel for a romantic and fun getaway!
Hip, stylish yet quite European...

Missoni Hotel is a nice change from other hotels in this category of 5-star elegance. As one would expect from a fashion designer label, this hotel excels at color scheme, patters, decoration, and attention to detail in the construction of the hotel. What I feel sets Missoni Hotel apart from the others is that the atmosphere and vibe is more casual and easy-going. The pretentiousness too often found in other places only shows its face from other travels from time to time. 

Unlike old-world money hotels in this price range, the Missoni makes you feel young and hip. The staff feel more like helpful friends than servants and the decor won't make you feel like you're in a castle but rather the pages of next season's fashion magazine.
Hotel Missoni is absolutely the best hotel in Edinburgh and one of the best in the world - not that I knew all that when I booked it.  In fact, I didn't realize it until I was flipping through one of the coffee table books in our room on "Best Hotels in the World" and came face to face with a ours! lol! Honestly, I was looking for a W Hotel and when I found that there wasn't one in Edinburgh, I did a couple searches and read up on reviews and found Hotel Missoni - a hotel that encompassed the swankiness of a W, but with it's own distinct feel and style.

In the midst of old town, it's exterior fits in well, but the interior is just as modern as modern can be.  It's centrally located, so you can get to the shopping of the Royal Mile within steps and see such attractions as the Edinburgh Castle and the Palace at the other end, not to mention Mary King's Close (which was cool, but totally freaked me out! lol!).

Hottie bellhops in Missoni-printed kilts greeted us at the door before we were ushered up to our super posh room - awesomely decorated and uber comfortable.  The amenities were great with fabulous bath and body products, large closets, and complimentary beverages in all the fridges!  There's candy downstairs by the check-in counter as well if you want a free sweet treat as well.

While we didn't eat at the downstairs restaurant because we had reservations elsewhere, we were told that it was one of the best in the area and certainly worth trying.  Perhaps it's another excuse to get back to Edinburgh - not that I needed one.  Visiting was one of the highlights of my travels on this trip.  Can't wait to return.
Great perks for free, incredibly friendly staff and good food -what's not to love about this place?! Nice gym too!  Wish there were more of these hotels around!!
AWESOME! Location, staff, amenities, value and vibe - AWESOME! Scottish hotties in kilts that are beyond kind. Very helpful and amiable. Man and I booked a double room with one floor-to-ceiling window that faced Edinburg Library and the cobbled street of Johnstown terrace. Mod room with a historically charming view.

Gorgeous interiors with heavily Italian-designed influence. Obviously. Lots of colorfully bold zigs and zags and exquisite tiles, rugs and oversized vases (Taller than me). Hands-down the Comfiest hotel bed at any hotel stay EVER. The bath Shower - Ah-MAY-zing. Double rain head. Posh. God did I need that after coming from so far across the pond. Extremely clean and right space for 2 with steamer trunks. (Kidding, but might need one on way home). Complimentary laundry up to 2 pieces each p/ person daily. Bar/restaurant looked fab but we wanted to stretch out. Located right off the Royal mile where we spent most of our time. On the pricier side but worth it, especially for the first leg of a long trip. We booked out a month and got a great deal via booking.com. Will be back and will stay here again. Can't say enough good stuff. Will post pix soon.
We did not stay in the hotel & only visited the hotel bar, however the bar and decor is
superb!! very hip!  We were welcomed in by a charming chap in a kilt and got a table easliy. 
Their is such a nice relaxed atmosphere and an extensive cocktail menu! I was 
unsure what to have when the waiter asked and so when i described what i like in 
my cocktail, he said he could make one up for me that he'd think id like!! Services was fantastic I never thought about popping in here in the afternoon, but it really is a delight to visit.
A cool, trendy, special little place. Didn't feel posh as much as just cool.
Very nicely (differently) decorated. Opulent. Load of things that glitter and are shiny. On entering the lobby you know you are in a peculiar place that is terribly marmite. 
The doorman wears a black & white Missoni stripe kilt.. yes. 

The entrance-hall is not what you expect and at the same time nothing too special in terms of usefulness. to your left the reception for room occupants. in the middle the bar and to the right the stairs to the dining room. I don't need to elaborate on the decoration as that is a given in a Missoni hotel, but a special mention needs to go to the general toilets - Tchakkaa! what a surprise - mirror balls hanging from the ceiling soft lighting and scarlett red tiled like walls and round light bulbs on the mirror (that is just the men's room..) . 

The bar area is cosy, and the zebra skin benches and chairs are comfortably strewn (is that the word?) with pillows.

You pay hotel prices for drinks, but boy what a place to drink'm. 

We also visited the restaurant  upstairs and we were pleased with the quality of the food. Nothing outstanding but perfectly cooked. The service was in the restaurant was impeccable and could not be faulted. They also offered an outside smoking terras / atrium that will be a nice little suntrap in the summer. 

The few visits here were about decadence and being nosey. There are better places so no 5 stars, but a real favourite nonetheless as it is exclusive and different.
Great, great place right in the action. No need to bring any electronics. They had iPad, all inroom music. Very modern and cool. Rooms decent size too.
Prosecco on tap! Amazingness.

My tip from quite some time ago still stands. You can get prosecco on tap...that's amazing! Imagine having a prosecco tap in your house that was just a fountain of bubbling prosecco 24/7...I mean obviously you'd make no progress in life and you'd be slightly inebriated throughout the day, but it'd still be a cool option to have. Water or prosecco, water or prosecco...hmmm, I think I feel like prosecco with my Special K this morning...boom, the day's got off to a good start! Missoni should install prosecco taps in some of the rooms in the hotel...YES! They would be fully booked until the end of eternity.

Right, I'm signing off now, this has gone far enough. Other things I can say that actually, still relate to prosecco...the afternoon teas here are a real treat and worth trying, as there's always a banterful atmosphere within the famously vibrant decor of the bar, and a nice mix of visitors to Edinburgh along with locals who are up for good times. You can pop up to Cucina for some splendid Italian food if you get peckish after all that PROSECCO.

Prosecco..........
I had afternoon tea (what Americans would call High Tea) here today. Overall, I was a fan, and I'd recommend it, with a few reservations.

The decor and service were acceptable but left me indifferent. Others will doubtless find them more to their taste.

Now to the important part - the gustatory experience. The tea comes on a tray in three layers:
  1. Bottom layer - sandwiches: these were, on the whole palatable enough.  The balance of chutney and cheddar was slightly off, and I could almost hear the egg salad crying for more mustard, but the smoked salmon was perfect. The bread, unfortunately, was a bit too soft for my liking.
  2. Middle  layer - scones (one raisin, one plain); undoubtedly the tea's crowning glory, served with a copious bowl of clotted cream and jam. Unfortunately, the scones came smothered in a cloud of confectioner's sugar, which made them far too sweet. I'd recommend brushing it off for an optimal experience.
  3. Top layer - from the pastry chef; this was the most variable layer. On the one hand, an amaretto ice cream  which literally had angels playing a Beethoven sonata on my taste-buds, and a delicious salted caramel macaroon with successive waves of wonderful, deep, subtle flavors. The frozen mocha ganache also deserves an honorable mention and I wouldn't have said no to some more. The last two components, however, left much to be desired. A few beans of unsweetened cream on what appeared to be a piece of rye bread (though I'm sure it couldn't have been!) and an orange and Grand Marnier baba of indeterminate consistency with candied orange zest which pulled my senses too hard in too many directions.

Overall, I'd certainly recommend the Hotel Missoni afternoon tea, if only for its high points, but don't be too disappointed to find a mixed bag of goods.
Great hotel right on the Royal Mile. Rooms are very modern and chic, yet functional.  Loved the free (non-alcoholic) mini bar in the rooms, US/UK power adapter, free wifi, and comfy king bed. Free dry cleaning for 2 items/day, additional items not unreasonably priced.  Service was prompt and efficient. Location, fabulous. Did not try the bar nor restaurant here but truly enjoyed the stay and would not hesitate to book again.
I really REALLY wanted to love this hotel. And many thing worked. 90% of the "design" experience is exceptional. The food in the restaurants is outstanding, and the staff (with one important exception) are truly amazing. 

Only two issues, but for me significant enough that I'll return to The Glasshouse next time in Edinburgh for a week. 

The rooms are smaller than my closet. Claustrophobic. Very clever design to create accommodate the (lack of space) but barely able to have a open suitcase readily available.   OK for a night, possibly two, but not a week. 

Their menu pricing is absurd.   To get the cooked breakfast I want, I have to pay another £13 for a buffet continental break I don't want - even if I order it from room service where I don't even have access to the buffet. 

The manager (Scott) neither comprehended the stupidity of this, nor cared to understand the dynamics - adding £38 per night to the room rate makes it more expensive that The Glasshouse, which has a far superior breakfast included. 

Bad business decision.
I had a great experience with Hotel Missoni. It was unlike anywhere I had stayed before - extremely modern in every way. Some people referred to it as having an Austin Powers feel. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because you have to pay for wifi. Our bed and breakfasts across the country had free wifi  and for paying that much more, we felt it should have been complimentary. Additionally, if you book early enough you can get a great deal!
1 George IV Bridge, EH1 1AD A decent brunch buffet if that is what you are looking for. Serve lunch and dinner, too, but we never tried.
I didn't stay at the hotel so I can't comment on that, but I did come here for afternoon tea with my sister.

It's one of the pricier options for afternoon tea in Edinburgh but I'd say it's worth the price. The pastries, scones, and sandwiches were all delicious and my only vice is that the portions are too small. But that's to be expected of all afternoon tea spreads. And plus, let's be real, it's the Missoni. Everyone knows that people in fashion don't eat.

The atmosphere is trendy. If the name doesn't clue you in that Missoni operates this hotel, the decor certainly does.

I had really friendly and attentive service when I was here and was very happy. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone else interested.
The Hotel Missoni is written up in every single magazine and website as the place to stay in Edinburgh.  The location is awesome.  It's very central to everything in the old town.  You can walk to everything which is great if you're only in Edinburgh for a short stay.  The front desk and the bellman are very friendly and helpful.  

The rooms are well appointed and Missoni'd out from the towels, robe and bedding.  We stayed in a standard room which was fine for the weekend.  The bathroom was colourful and functional with a shower a sink.  The closet was a small, but ok for the short stay. They have nespresso machines in the room which is always a plus.

Would I go back?  Yes, because all around it's a good hotel in a very good location.
A relative newcomer to Edinburgh, this unusual restaurant earned a Michelin star in under one year, and deservedly so. The 21212 name derives from the menu, which comprises 2 starters, 1 soup, 2 main courses, 1 cheese course, 2 desserts. At lunchtime you can go for just 2, 3, 4 or 5 courses. There is an extensive wine list, and there are several wines available by the glass also.


 The food itself comes in some startling combinations which work very well together, and is beautifully presented in a most elegant dining room. The lunchtime portions were fairly small, but by the time you have worked through five courses, you are amply satisfied. The prices are high, but worth it for the quality experience. The house itself is a fine Edinburgh Georgian townhouse magnificently restored to add modernity without spoiling the classical proportions or features. They also have a few bedrooms for those who wish to indulge in a splendid dinner and not have to go home afterwards.


 A place for a special treat rather than a routine eatery. Reservations are strongly recommended, as it gets booked up far ahead at popular times.
I live in a city with lots of great restaurants but 21212 was the was the best dining experience I've had all year.  

I had the 2-course lunch there while on vacation in Edinburgh.  Each course was structured so to create a different combination of flavors and textures with every bite.    

Tasty and innovative cuisine.  Gorgeous building and decor.  Attentive service.  Upscale ambience.  Expensive but well worth the money.  Go!!!
We had an outstanding meal here and I would encourage anyone who wants to try a unique and original meal like they've never had before to run, not walk, here.  I'm somewhat afraid it won't be around.  There was only one other couple for most of the time we were there (and a third table joined later on).

I hope it survives, though, because this was such a special meal, truly different.  Every bite was sensational.   Definitely worth a visit.  Fast!
What can I say?  The food, the feel, the service, all of it was phenomenal!  They have a Michelin star so they could be pretentious or rude, better than you and not needing your service, but they weren't, very welcoming and not stuffy in the least.  You pay a good price but it is worth it (for me, a once a year kind of meal with my wife).
5 courses, small portions but they give you little snack things as you go that are included although not on the menu.  Bottom line, the cheese plate was first class and all of the courses are as good as I've had.  I eat out a lot, it's actually part of my job, and this place was special.
This was my first Michelin star dining experience, and was everything that I'd been expecting: flashy foods that looked like Christmas decorations, attentive (not to mention patient) waiting staff, and glass after glass of very expensive wine. 

We went along for a friend's birthday, and it was a very nice day. The meal itself was quite nice but I wouldn't say it's the best thing I've eaten in Edinburgh. I think I need to explore Edinburgh's other fine dining establishments before getting a really good picture of how this one measures up!
Part of my Christmas gift this year was being treated to dinner in a fancy restaurant - a gift I couldn't wait to receive! We looked into several restaurants, but one in particular stood out, and that is 21212.

The name is derived from the structure of the menu; for each of the five courses you either have 1 or 2 options. You have 2 options for your starter, 1 soup, 2 main courses, 1 cheese selection and 2 desserts. Simple!

The restaurant received a Michelin Star within 8 months of opening, and by looking on their website you'll see the masses of other awards they have achieved...and with good reason!

It's stunningly decorated - decorated like a boudoir almost. The walls are hidden by silky curtains and the chandelier in the centre of the room gives the room a patterned glow. The seats are a massive upholstered booth that stretches to the end of the room, adorned with cushions to break up seating spaces. When we arrived it was quiet - too quiet - and we were worried about being too loud. You can see the kitchen from the restaurant and the chefs are working away - quiet, intricate and composed. It busied up quickly and there was conversation in the air. I relaxed a bit then!

The staff are very attentive and so welcoming. I was having a chat with a lovely woman at the end...turned out to be the co-owner! As well as warm, I found everyone very knowledgable and they gave us very clear breakdowns on the food we were being served, as there were several components to each dish.

We started with Beef a la Grecque - To describe this would be impossible. there were so many different element s to it! Slow cooked beef, ratatouille, parsnips, apricots and feta, egg omelette, Brazil nuts, cucumber and yoghurt, anchovy, garlic and rosemary. It was also served with a little tub of aubergine purée. I'm not going to even try to describe it because there are just no words. The beef was rare, thinly cut and just ridiculously tender. I was in awe eating this. Read the ingredients. Imagine them together. It was incredible! 

The soup was a vegetable soup. This vegetable soup was unlike any soup I've ever tasted. It was delicious! It was formed over three layers: vegetable purée, a layer of vegetables and then peas pudding on top with a decorative froth. The portions are tiny, rightly so, but with the soup I genuinely wish there was at least double. The absolutely mouth watering flavour just blows you away and you feel addicted to it!

The main course was Trout , Cauliflower & Pasta with Smoked Cheese - Delicate, oven baked pink trout fillets, smoked pasta and cauliflower cheese bake, celery, sprouts, white cabbage and pak choi. Served with Dijon mustard mayonnaise, sesame seeds and pine nuts. I absolutely love cheese, especially smoked cheese and added to cauliflower and delicate, rare trout. Oh it was just lovely!

The cheeses served were: Old Winchester, Manchego, Clava, Abondance, Bleu d'Auvergne,Hansi, Langres, Sainte Maure, Ticklemore, Montenegro and Rocamadour. The waiter explained each cheese and it was really interesting to listen to. He knew and seemed interested in what he was talking about and gave us trivia about where and how each was made! The stack of biscuits and crackers gave variety and atop the stack was shortbread. If you're like me and mouldy cheese isn't your thing then you'll love this: shortbread takes the taste away completely! Does everyone know this? I found it amazing!

Festive Egg Coconut Custard Nog was the dessert - Glazed festive egg custard, crushed shortbread, meringue, sultanas, nutmeg, golden pears and pecans, fresh mincemeat purée, yoghurt, coconut anglaise with a hint of rosemary.

The presentation of this was something I loved - the coloured pieces placed on top of the custard matched the restaurant logo. I found it cute. The shot glass contained a layered gathering of the nutmeg and yoghurt as mincemeat with the frothy topping, and the custard was served in the rectangle dish with a lovely crispy glaze. It was served with a collection of popcorn and orange zest.

I had an amazing experience here.. The food was spectacular but the staff made it for me! I just LOVED everything about my meal here.

Please see the full review and photographs here: http://wp.me/p2vpGr-fc
This has got to be one of thee least well known out of the very few michelin star restaurants in Edinburgh and I really don't know why?!?! It is set in a lovely big ol' townhouse on Calton Terrace. The interior is understated elegance, which was a relief! Didn't leave me thinking I was massively under-dressed (silly, I know). We sat in the drawing room with a G&T whilst waiting for our table. Lovely surroundings but I was slightly underwhelmed by the Gin selection. Good. But not great.

We were then later sat. The dinner room stuck with understated elegance. Big windows infront of the kitchen are always a nice touch. I liked it.

I shall not recount every single little thing we ate. But I can tell you one thing - every morsel of food we had here..... was.... incredible. 5 courses of truly incredible food..... with a couple of wee treats inbetween courses. 
As you would expect. The portions are not massive. But we left feeling very satisfied but not uncomfortably full. 


There is no better way to end the review. We recieved our bill -  2 years ago I would have been gobsmacked by the price of it. But..... my response was, you know what, that is very reasonable considering it is without a doubt some of the best food I have ever eaten. And that makes it worth every penny. A great treat.
We stayed there last night to get away for Valentines Day with a "staycation". The room was booked through one of the deals on Travel Zoo and included breakfast. I think they kept most of the look from the Ritz in place. The service was good overall and I am sure with some more practice (they only opened on Friday) it will get more polished. 

The person at the Front Desk was confused about which restaurants in the Village allow you to charge to your room and she didn't take the time to tell us how we were supposed to go about obtaining the breakfast that was included in our rate.

We went to the lobby bar Firenze for a cocktail prior to heading over to the Village for dinner. We ordered a glass of wine & a strawberry mojito and the mojito came out made incorrectly. The server saw how we reacted after trying it and came over to inquire about the drink quality. We informed her that it was missing something and she said she thought the bartender forgot the limes, we agreed and she took it to be remade and when it came out properly muddled it was perfect!

Getting to the rooms involves weaving down a long hallway to the elevators but once you get to your room you will find them quiet & clean. BTW the towels were super soft. The bed and linens made for an enjoyable nights sleep. 

Overall I think that this hotel will be great for getaways for locals as well as people who are looking to have a different Vegas experience (there currently is NO casino located at Lake Las Vegas). I look forward to coming back when the weather is nicer and checking out the pool.
I'm so happy that this place has reopened.  This place is such a hidden jewel of Las Vegas!  Although the casino is not yet open again it's just such a joy to be aside the lake and the hotel grounds are so beautiful.  I hope this new company can make a go of this.  It's so wonderful it deserves to thrive.
I was looking forward to a luxurious spa day with my husband to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I purchased a massage and pedicure deal through TravelZoo and made reservations more than a month in advance, and I even called the day before to confirm the times, but there was still some confusion about our appointments. Luckily they worked it out with a smile, which is why I'm giving them an extra star. So let's start with the good: The spa was spacious and the staff was friendly and helpful. The treatments were pretty good. I had an 80 minute massage and my massage therapist was very attentive and gave me exactly the type of massage I wanted. The pedicurists were also very friendly and did a nice job. However, the spa itself is not as opulent as some of the other big resorts in Las Vegas. The jacuzzi wasn't hot enough, the steamroom didn't have that nice eucalyptus smell piped in, and there didn't seem to be anyone cleaning up the area. There were wet towels left in the shower. What really drove me crazy, was the lack of toiletries available. Most high end spas have the basics such as razors and toothbrushes out and available. Some even put out the spa products such as face lotions, masks, and hair products for guests to try in hopes they will buy them on their way out. The Spa at Ravella had none of this and guests kept having to ask the front desk for items. The bath products that they had in the shower were by Essentiel Elements and I found them to be very drying and not suitable for a spa in the desert. They also add the tip automatically and didn't give us the option of adjusting the percentage. Next time I need a spa day, I'll stick to the M Resort where they cater to locals and have the touch of luxury your expect from a resort spa.
Worth the money!!! My friend bought a special for a pedicure and Swedish massage for two and OMG it was so worth the money. The Ravella has great amenities and the staff was super nice. I will be going back for sure. Great stress release.
This spa absolutely has the potential to be a really high-end spa, but I feel like it's taken a step back from what it was under the previous Ritz ownership (which even then, hadn't really maxed out the potential of the place).  The location and layout is superb (with the exception of it being a little hard to navigate once you're in your robe and slippers within the women only area).  The waiting areas are plush, quiet, and relaxing.  The hot tub/cold plunge pool area is really nice - spacious but not overwhelming, and peaceful, with a waterfall in the plunge pool.  The steam room is also spacious, but I can't say that I've been in either of the rooms off to the left of the hot tub.  They offer some pretty great locals specials - I don't know if they're just for SouthShore/Lake Las Vegas residents or all LV residents, but it'd be worth asking.

Annie B has a very accurate point about the eucalyptus scent missing from the steam room (not critical, but for a spot touted as luxurious, it's an unfortunate oversight).  My mother frequents this spa due to her locals discount and love of facials, and supposedly, the eucalyptus scent is 'on order' but seemingly has been for months now.  

During my latest visit, I was also disappointed at the lack of toiletries available for post-spa treatments.  They don't even have body lotion in the locker room, which for being in such a dry climate was a real bummer.  The products available aren't very high-caliber, which again I agree with Annie B that it would seem like a prime opportunity to get you hooked on the products for sale (which are stellar).

I must give a special mention to my facial, however.  In itself, it was a 5 star experience.  I have never in my entire life escaped a facial without having to endure breakouts for the next few days due to gloppy product (promising to be 'hydrating' or whatever) or ineffective removal of one of the 50 products used during the treatment... until now.  This was by far and away the best facial ever.  I wish I remembered the name of the woman who gave me the treatment, because she was outstanding.  She discussed my skin with me, and inspected every nook and cranny before recommending a light chemical peel - which turned out to be absolutely the most perfect solution possible.  She was gentle, and despite getting a brow wax at the same time as my treatment, I left the room with hardly any redness or puffing, which has never happened to me and was such a welcome surprise.

I really hope that some of the details get improved, because the treatments and therapists are great - it's just the little 'extras' that you expect from the high end location and prices that seem to be missing.
Really enjoyed our stay and discounted package thru travel-zoo was awesome.

I do hope they do it again
 
Room with King Bed was wonderful & breakfast also very nice and the views are breathtaking

They do need a little better nite time menu since the village closes up early. Maybe after the Casino opens 

The staff was very nice from Felicia & Gloria in the bar to Steve, James  & Ashley at the front desk. Massages at the Spa and the whole Spa experience well worth the drive out from the strip
An all around crappy experience for us.  Constant mis-communications with the staff was just too much.  It was my first time in a spa, it was the day before my wedding, I should have been taken care if.  Instead, I was shown a door to a locker room by a woman who couldn't go in and off she went.  I later saw someone getting a full tour by a man and it made me wonder: what was different that he got the full explanation?  Why wasn't a guy available to show me the ropes?  Instead, I Ended up watching tv in the "relaxation room" for a half hour wondering what was going on or what i should do.  Boring.  Then aggravating.  Things were pretty,  but when/how do you use this stuff?  I would have loved to use the pool thing with the waterfall.  Eucalyptus probably would not have helped much in my case as I just chose to leave at that point without doing the massage or anything.  I won't even go into the details of the other issue we had, but just know that the staff upstairs doesn't communicate with the staff downstairs.  And the very LAST thing you want to tell someone after a bad experience is how they should feel.  As semi-locals, we won't be going back - I will send the wife to th M based on other reviews or have her try the spa at Loewes just down the road.  And for myself, I doubt you will ever find me in a spa ever again after this.

Update:  They sent us a very nice, very personal apology and two gift certificates for massages at the spa.  I gave them to my mom as I said: Never again.
Formerly the Ritz Carleton, this is a gorgeous building reminiscent of a hotel in Florence, right down to the recreation of the Ponte Vechio, but here everything worked. Lovely pool and the"lagoon" a white sand beach and cold pool.   Very helpful, attentive service, shoes shined overnight as in Bangkok and a great location right on Lake Las Vegas village.  The area has been hammered by the downturn in the economy but take the opportunity to get there without the crowds.  The casino reopens Memorial Day.
Where do I start?? We went for our wedding anniversary and I am 8 months pregnant, we were looking for something relaxing and enjoyable before our baby arrives. We got there and check-in was quick, super quick. Got up to our room, key didnt work......this was only one of MANY problems. From the key not working, phone broken, TV broken, ice machine broken, bath tub broken, we were ONE second away from walking away and never coming back. BUT....here is where we give the hotel 4 stars, Steve the Engineer, had it not been for him and his constant attention to making sure we were taken care of, Loew's next door would have had a new customer! We went from 2 different lovely rooms to an AMAZING Suite and when I say amazing, I mean one of the best they had to offer. We had a room overlooking the water on the bridge. Wow, we were definitely happy with that, I suggest if you stay there that you get a suite on the water, gorgeous views!! They even took care of our entire day by the pool, food and drinks and needless to say my hubby was guzzling the cocktails too so it was pricey. Then he made sure to come down to the pool to make sure we were taken care of and promised us the next time we came to stay he would take care of us on our next trip out to Ravella. 
The grounds were gorgeous, pool was nice and relaxing, food by the pool was delicious. We had our server by the pool (Tammy) and she was a ton of fun, constantly taking care of us, brought me little things because I was pregnant and always had a smile on her face. She also had us special made lunch by the pool that wasnt on the menu. I would say this place is going to be great once it gets out all it's little kinks and quarks. I think we just for some reason had everything bad happen to us in the first 5 hours we were there, but they way they handled the situation was very customer first and eager to please. We plan on going back within the next year and bringing our family as well. Hopefully we can have Steve help us with enjoying our next stay at Ravella. 

Oh and one more thing, on the weekdays the village stinks! We went to dinner at the Sonrisa (I think) meh...they recommended the fajita's as the "best" thing on the menu and my hubby and I thought I cooked better at home. By the weekend the hotel occupancy had picked up so there was a ton more going on. Two places I highly recommend going, tuti gelati, yummmmy! And also the Rocky Mountain chocolate's. Also tried the Black Pepper grill, service was awesome, food not soo good. I ordered lobster and it was $20 for 6 oz which was actually maybe 1oz and I got 5 bites, small ones. They took it off the bill it was so ridiculous to charge me for nothing. My husband ordered the bone in rib eye, yeah, they forgot the bone and his mashed potatoes were potatoes mashed with a fork with some sour cream thrown in, hard as a baseball......the best food we had was poolside at Ravella.
3.5 stars

Signs and directions IN the building were confusing. Weird. 
We stayed at the trump last year. Trump was nicer. The pool is better here. The room at trump was nicer, though it's nice here too. 
The exercise facility was very nice!  The village shops were half "closed" half "not very interesting". I never saw anyone eating in the in-house restaurant. 20-minute drive to good restaurants. The place seems and feels relatively clean and well-maintained.
Visited the spa in June.  We had a deal for a package and went with another couple we do business with.  What an amazing place - terrific staff. Great amenities. Lovely pool and great spot to grab a salad for lunch (and a glass of wine) in our spa robes. Terrific, luxurious, convenient parking.  I'd go back for sure - and I'd check into getting a room at the hotel as well.
The hotel is gorgeous! They have a pool and there is a lagoon next to the waterfall. Pool bar & grille was good too. 
Our room was great. Nice flat screen TV, refrigerator, balcony, bathtub and shower, 2 sinks, cloud-like bed. Didn't have time to visit the spa or fitness center. The Medici Cafe had a great breakfast buffet.

They are right next to the Village which is just shops and restaurants. Pizzamania is good but a little pricey. 

The only con was we waited over 40 minutes for our room to be ready. Check-in is at 3pm. We arrived at 5. Went into our room close to 6pm.
My husband and I went there for 4th of July weekend. Big mistake! I regret not staying at the strip. There are so many wrong things with this hotel, it became a joke at the end of our stay. 
1) The hotel has no signs, we were lost trying to find the lobby. We walked around for about 20 minutes with luggage and my dog. 
2) Guy at the counter was not very friendly. He also did not explain the extra charges made to our bank account and that they do a pending transaction until we check out. 
3) When we checked our bank account, the hotel charged almost double the amount of the booking. They said it was for accidental charges... etc. 
4) The service at the pool was AWFUL! Our packet included Pool BBQ beginning at 11am. We asked our server 3 times about it and what time it begun. 3 times she said it was at the pool, and kept walking. Another time she said it begun at 11am. Finally, around 1pm, we decided to order from their regular menu. When we come to find out we needed to order from her. She was never kind enough to explain to us how it worked. After we ate, we see the other guests finally ordering food as well. 
5) The so called Village has NOTHING good to offer. Sunday night most restaurants had no food by 9, were booked, or closed! How can that be! it's Las Vegas! 
6) The so called "Included Pool BBQ" was accidentally charged to our account. If I would not have said anything, we would have been charged for the food. 
7) "Welcome" letter for our weekend was not detailed at all! It makes it seem like there are other things included in our packet, but in reality we need to pay for it. 
8) Hotels buffet is WAY OVER PRICED! We don't even pay that much on a first class buffet that includes champagne. 
9) I kept hearing nothing but complaints from other guests. That only confirmed that I was not over reacting. 
Over all, my experience was not plea sent at all! That hotel has so much potential, but needs a lot of improvements. Beginning from management and proper training for staff. Good service is #1 any where you go, and this place clearly lacks good service. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone. I'd rather continue to pay a lot more if I will get treated kindly. My husband wanted to leave the first night we were there. 

When I booked on line, I thought of having my anniversary dinner there. After my experience at Ravella, THAT WILL NO LONGER HAPPEN! I would not want my guests treated the way we were treated.
The front desk staff may be the dumbest group I have encountered in all my travels; lost packages that were left for me at the front desk, trouble figuring out  my bill, not helpful in finding local spots/activities, and more non-sense!
We stayed July 4th-8th. We went to check in @ 3 and our lake view room was not ready they offered a garden view right away or we could wait for the lake view about 30- 45 min. We waited and ventured out for a bit. They called us went up to our room wasn't a lake view called the front desk and they moved us to a actual Lake View on the bridge :) super happy! We travelled with a 10 yr old and 8 month old and must say we loved the resort. Never had to wait for anything, even the restaurants in village. We were always able to get umbrella at pool and at beach. Very relaxing! Without all the hustle and bustle of Vegas. The only thing that we were not happy with was the last night there someone knocked and tried opening up our door at 2:30 am and said Engineering! I screamed and the man apologized. He couldn't open the door all the way because of the lock. He woke up my kids needless to say. My husband called the front desk and they apoligized and said they were changing air filters. 
Also after we checked out on our way home I really started looking at our bill and we got charged a double resort fee. I called about a hour after we checked out and again they apoligized and was told we would see a credit in a few days. I will be checking. So besides these little incidents... Overall Great family vacation place.
The hotel was easy to find, valet staff was very nice. Front lobby was perfect, front desk staff used our Groupon with no problems, explained what we would be responsible for, etc..finding the room was a bit interesting the first time or two..kinda weird set up. The room was beautiful with a view of the lake and garden below, only thing was it was 106 outside, and the a/c vent is next to the window. Totally wrong by design, so by the time the air reached us, it was about 80 degrees! We did not ask to be switched tho, we loved our room anyway! Staff was amazing, we had breakfast at the buffet, and relaxing drinks at the bar in the p.m. everyone was friendly and polite! We used the Spa and Tina gave the best massage I've had in quite awhile. Diane gave me a pedicure and was very friendly and pleasant to talk to. Checkout went perfect, we had no surprises! We wish there could be a bit more to do in the Village...all in all, it is the perfect place for locals to escape tourists (sorry!) and the Strip!
I heard about this hotel through SniqueAway.com, but booked the hotel months after the SniqueAway deal ended because I fell in love with the thought of staying at a place modeled after what seems like an Italian villa.

We booked the Lake View King  room for 3 nights and got the Summer Escape Package.

After checking in, my boyfriend and I walked into the perfect room: Large bathroom with his & her sinks, a luxurious tub, and a stand-up shower; a king bed with the softest pillows and mattress I've ever laid on at a hotel; a generously-sized flat-screen tv; plenty of space with chairs to lounge; and a small private patio with the promised view of the lake.
(I noticed a line of ants at the edge of our patio that did not seem to be going anywhere near our room entrance, so I did not feel alarmed).

We proceeded to unpack and settle in, marveling our luck and the beauty of the hotel. My boyfriend tried twice to get his shoes shined around 7-ish (a complementary service), but his shoes were not picked up. I found a few-explorer ants in the bathroom--after dealing the penalty for trespassing, I again ignored their presence. I went to lay down with my boyfriend on our bed as he surfed the net (with free wi-fi) on his laptop to find us a place to eat and we found an ant marching along his lap top. After killing it, we closely examine the bed to find a couple of dead ants on it. That was the last straw.

I called the front desk and after some consultation, the desk offered us two options: another room on the same floor that we had or a room 2 floors up, but its made to be handicap accessible. The desk asked, "would you like us to drop off the keys to your new room to you?" and I said, "that would be wonderful!" After gathering all our stuff we waited a good 20-30 minutes in our old room before finally going to the front desk with all our stuff only to find 3 staff members shooting the $h!t behind the desk. Turns out, they just stuck our new keys in an envelope and taped it to their desk...I thought they said they would bring it to us?...alrighty...

We view our handicap accessible room only to be sorely disappointed. After being spoiled by the beauty and amenities of our original room, we did not want this one. This was totally our fault...

So we go back down to the desk and ask to be re-assigned. By this time we are tired and hungry, thus we were irritated. The desk staff argued that we had wanted the handicap room--which we understood, but we decided we did not want it anymore (sorry! :/). She kept arguing with us until my boyfriend started to get pissed and I started to feel defeated. Eventually they gave us a new room on the ground floor--it again was everything we wanted. Although their service had soured our joy.

We went to eat dinner in The Village (a shopping and dining area that is only a few steps away from the hotel) and had a great time. We got back to our hotel at around 930 pm, when my boyfriend tried a third time to have his shoes picked up for complimentary shining...

Woke up the next morning and they were not touched--Fail, Ravella.
The breakfast that came with our summer package was actually really good! We enjoyed the selection of the food and drinks. Also staff was friendly.

I still have 1.5 days left here at the hotel--so we'll see what the rating ends up being...
The rest of our stay was quite pleasurable. The next two nights we came back late from the Strip and was met with very friendly and understanding guest service staff who also valeted our car. 

The fitness center was well equipped and fulfilled our needs (I'm a runner, my boyfriend prefers free-weights). The lady at the entrance was really nice as well.

The pool was a great temperature, the private lagoon was beautiful, and the staff was helpful! The small bar/cafe near the pool had good food and I became addicted to their pina coladas. 

Overall the facilities and the views were amazing! The service was shaky at the start, but definitely improved throughout our stay.
Ok I love Dolce Boutique hotels, and Ravella use to be the Ritze Carlton transitiionig into the Dolce family . Located right on lake Las Vegas the resort and Ravella Development is gorgous.  There is a Lovley  " village" mixed housings and shops, spas  as well as water sport rentals offered on site.  The minuses were they have updated their room decor much from when it was the Ritz Carlton in February . The minuses are the Old blowdryers, no bathrobes, on weekends Friday, Sat, and Sunday the " village" the European  cobbled stone styled retail and Restaraunt  those concerts that can affect the comfort of your stay and Ravella has no control over the volume they can only change your room or you'll have to sway with the music till it ends if your looking for shut eye. Would definatley recommend for couples and families , there's so much activities to do outside and around the grounds . The views are breathtaking and if you lov evenin romantic strolls this is the place but plan accordingly the heat can shorten you time spent out doors, so you may want to check out their Casino and try your luck there.
I'm writing this to warn potential visitors to avoid the Ravella and actually Lake Las Vegas in general. The entire area is depressing with very little activity (it picks up on weekends). Many of the shops in the village have gone out of business (or soon will). The Ravella is not a 4-star property-- more like 3.  We had horrible service here from almost every department. 

We booked a package and both the photos/description they provided as well as those on the Ravella web site make the area and resort look wonderful. We assumed since the hotel used to be the Ritz that it would be nice and offer excellent service, hence the reason we booked it. Having stayed on the strip most every other visit, we were ready for a change. I only wish I had done some research on the area first. Search the web for "Lake Las Vegas Foreclosure" and you'll get more information than you probably want. 

Here's a history of the opening of the Ravella. It used to be the Ritz Lake Las Vegas for at least 5 years. In 2009, the property got foreclosed upon (actually so did the entire Lake Las Vegas development). It is now owned by Deutsche Bank Group. Interesting note, this is the same group that owns the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the strip (which was also foreclosed on prior to opening). From what I've read online, the bank has no interest in running hotels but has been forced into it (no one will buy the hotels from them). After the Ritz left, the hotel was empty for almost a year before opening up under the Ravella name in February of this year ('11). It is now being managed by the Dolce Hotel Group.

As for the specific issues we encountered, I've posted a detailed review on TripAdvisor should you want to learn more about our experience. Yelp limits the amount of characters for its reviews.

In short, I recommend that you avoid this hotel as well as Lake Las Vegas in general. Don't make the same mistake we did.
I ended up getting a daily deal for one day and than heavens that I did because I really need to get away have a staycation you know what I mean?The weather was wonderful, the Village was quite beautiful,the front desk was great at helping me,the service at the pool was great.This is a great place to relax.When you are tired of all the partying and the noise from all the typical Las Vegas pool parties and you just want to seriously unwind then this place is it!
went there for spa service is it was excellent.

1. hotel is very pretty.
there's swimming pool, and a man-made little beach with white sands you can even see enjoy the lake view when you are in the water.

2. spa is nice. if you go on weekday, there's almost no one.
so I actually get to enjoy the entire steam and Jacuzzi to myself.

3. massage is amazing.
I usually don't expect to get good massage in a hotel. but Danielle is really amazing.

4. manicurist is very friendly. pomegranate pedicure come with a 
delicious pomegranate juice.

5. spa looks really clean
This hotel is Amazing. Just beautiful. It is a little way from Vegas but that could also be a plus for a get away!~ As soon as you get there you are WOWED on how beautiful it is. The only thing is, it is very hard to get any direction around the whole hotel. It pretty big and no signs or anyone to find to direct you , To the pool, shops or restuarants. But if your a wonderer and love to find things on your own, this is the perfect place. I do got to say I LOVE ,LOVE LOVE their casino. No real live card tables, but they got computer card gals and I love it so much because I WON and got free drinks all day. Doesn't get to crowded and the staff is really friendly. We will be going back but for a little romantic getaway but until then you will caught us again in Vegas... This hotel IS something everyone should experience at least once. It will blow you away!~
We reserved three standard rooms and all three rooms had dirty  carpets but the bathroom was clean and beautiful.  
Breakfast buffet was dissapointing but I think service was worse.  
Lounge area was beautifuly decorated but the cocktail server wasn't pleasant.
Ravella is a great staycation hotel with good prices.  Their food is amazing at the bar, their decor and atmosphere are second to none.  Unfortunately, their rooms were only mediocre and didn't have the feel I expect from a hotel of this caliber.  Let me explain.

First, the entryway is beautiful.  The drive alone is worth the trip to this hotel.  The bar and lounge is nice and the pool area is very chic.  When we finally found or way to the elevators to get to our floor, which felt like a maze, the room wasn't as pretty as it should be.  The refrigerator in our room wasn't even assembled yet.  The shelves still had packing tape on them from out of the box and wasn't even cold.  Putting it in a cabinet without ventilation makes the fridge hot because it's producing heat.  That was a minus.  The bathroom, although lovely, was smaller than I expected.  Having the shower in one corner next to the toilet and the deep tub on the other side is just odd.  The view was nice, though.  Unfortunately the bed was an old spring mattress with a mattress topper to make it comfortable, which did NOT help.  The bed was okay, but I guess after sleeping on a tempur pedic at home,  it felt weird.  The sheets were clean, the floor fine, but there was some dust on the lamp shades.  

Overall, the room was okay, but nothing to write home about.  

Nice hotel, great service, but a 3 star because I have experienced far better rooms in Vegas.
We went there on a romantic weekend. 

They have great locals deals too, it was $89 a night. 


The hotel is a beautiful hotel. The environment is so different from a typical Vegas experience, you really feel like you are somewhere else like CA.

The front desk staff was very friendly. The room wasn't quite ready at check in so we walked around. They gave us a package with lots of deals for food and stuff. If you join their players club, they give you the resort fee back in free play. It was $22 but hey, its still free.

The room was on the other side of the hotel and a bit confusing to get to.But once we got there. Wow, it was beautiful. The ceilings are very high for a hotel room. Makes the room seem all that more luxurious. They even have a mini fridge hidden in the cabinet.The bed was so plush, I just wanted to crash right there. 

The view was great too. We had a lakeside view and it was a beautiful sunrise.

The whole Montelago Village is like a European village, cobblestone streets, lots of curious little shops. A great break from all the busyness Vegas is.

We will definitely be back!
Quite simply this is the worst hotel I've ever stepped foot in. I had a business partner come into Vegas over Labor Day weekend...and he stayed here. When I went to pick him and his family up I was met by a valet that was rude, and a very unhelpful and downright snotty front desk staff. I walked into a room with marginally working A/C, a bathroom that looked like a teenager in a hurry cleaned it, and it kept getting worse and worse. While I waited for my people to get ready I walked down to the pool area, then out to the lagoon where I was accosted by a manager who quite frankly said if I wasn't a guest I needed to leave. No chance to explain why I was there, it was like this is not a public area, just leave. When I went back in to a hotel room that was at 93 degrees and looked at a bed that wasn't even sitting on the floor correctly I was like I've had enough. We packed everyone up, went out past the rude valet, got our own vehicles, loaded up and we left. I used my comps and put them up at Mandalay Bay instead...and the experience there was night and day compared to the Ravella. 

In short, this place was so bad, and the staff so rude and unprofessional that we walked out on them. We didn't bother to ask for a refund. This place just sucks. And the core reason why it sucks is the attitude of the staff and the management and the condition of the property. When you compare the Ravella experience to how you are treated when you go to Loews, just a short drive further into Lake Las Vegas you really notice the difference. Oh and if you walk outside....take the short walk down to the West end of the lake. When I was there a boat was dispatched to go out and churn up the water...because it looked like it had floating pieces of treated sewage in it. 

In short, if I could give this place NO STARS I would, because that's what it's earned.
We stayed here for a little weekend getaway and to enjoy the fireworks (they were great). The area/village is a bit quiet, but I enjoyed that. The CONS... The room we were first placed had a stinky shower (the pipes as if the shower hadn't been used in a while) and the couple staying next to us was super loud and smoked like a chimney. I called the font desk and we were quickly moved. (within 30 min we were in a new room).. No issues, lots of apologies. Also, no convenience shop. We needed cough drops and had to drive to a local CVS. The PROS.. Friendly staff (although a few of the staff need etiquette lessons). Gorgeous hotel, beautiful rooms, very family friendly. Loved the pool, the spa and the little lagoon. Well be back!
You gotta love Groupon...   Ok all editorializing aside....
The wife bought a Groupon for a one-night stay at Ravella at Lake Las Vegas.  We'd never been to the lake, and the $119 price seemed like a great deal as it included breakfast.  
Ravella is the former Ritz Carlton, re-opened as Ravella in February 2011.  We didn't know what to expect, and upon checking in, the friendly woman at the front desk was immediately puzzled by our Groupon as it "didn't match" the number she had in the computer.  Either way, she made it work, and issued our room keys.  We went to our room on the sixth floor, with a view overlooking the lake.  It was pleasant enough, but a chair in the room had an obvious stain right in the middle of the cushion, such that we had no interest in ever sitting on it.  My wife then recalled that our Groupon had included a "suite upgrade" and this room was certainly no suite.
Back to the front desk, different woman.  We inquired about the suite upgrade that was included in our Groupon. She tells us the upgrade is "only valid if a suite is available."  Not true, the Groupon clearly stated "including suite upgrade."  She checks rooms, and says "yes there is one suite available, would you like it?"  Now bear in mind, this is a Tuesday in September, the resort was absolutely deserted, we saw only three other couples there during our stay.  Her telling us there was only one suite available was, let's be clear, a lie.  Anyway, we say yes we want the upgrade.  
So now we're moved to the 8th floor (from the 6th).  Our suite was in the corner of the building, with the pool directly underneath us.  The suite was absolutely fantastic, oodles of room, and all the views panoramic and breathtaking.  And no stains on the chairs.  
We went down to the large outdoor pool, which, as the hotel was virtually empty, had only two or three guests utilizing it.  The pool was perfect, as well the Jacuzzi.  
So, in summation, I'd strongly recommend a suite if you stay at Ravella.  The included breakfast was phenomenal (see my review of Medici Cafe).  There are water-front activities available for those so inclined such as kayak and paddle-boat rental.  One caveat, we saw on the website there were "hiking and jogging trails" in the area.  Not so.  The "hiking and jogging trail map" available at the front desk simply tells you to go out on the main road and follow it.  Not really any trails, that was simply misinformation and we were more than a little frustrated by it.  Otherwise it was a great value and we will do it again!
Went to Lake Mead sometime this summer so we decided to stay at the Ravella. It's close enough to the lake and had boat parking which definitely helped.
The rooms are beautifully decorated, their bathrooms are gorgeous! 
Very clean and organized, had absolutely no complaints about the rooms at all.
It had a beautiful lobby and a nice pool area. Our only little complaint is the closing time at the pool! Also the closing time of everything at the Village. Didn't exactly get to party much that weekend... but it's ok.
Overall we loved this place and will definitely be back
Can I give one star? What a disappointing experience at the spa. Absolutely awful customer service. No gratuity was authorized, let alone warranted, yet sure enough 20% was charged.  Our 80 minute massages were shortened to 60 as some kind of punishment for being 10 minutes early instead of 45 as is the supposed requirement. News to us! Never once were we informed of this "requirement" although multiple people in our party called multiple times to confirm our appointments. We were celebrating a birthday so it was intended to be an enjoyable experience - as generally spa days are. The birthday girl was shorted treatments by her masseuse who also happened to be the spa Operations Manager. Nice, huh?  When we complained we were offered glasses of champagne and a $25 spa gift certificate. Which of course is just laughable - what is $25 gonna do?  And the final act was a surprise $140 gratuity charge - charged after the fact!  We don't plan to ever spend another penny there and you'll be wise not to either.
The Ravella was amazing, everything from the staff to our room and the hotel grounds extremely exceeded our expectations. My husband and I held our wedding at the Ravella. We got an amazing package that included use of the wedding chapel, spa services and hotel rooms. The staff and the wedding coordinator were so friendly and accommodating. All of our guests raved about the hotel and its amenities. We stayed in Vegas on Friday night and so many of our guests wished that we had stayed at the Ravella both nights. The guests that did stay both nights were glad that they did. The resort grounds are beautiful and the spa had great deals that many of our guests took advantage of. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody that wants to have a relaxing night away from the Vegas strip. It was also a great place to get married, the chapel was beautiful and the spa was super accommodating
We got ripped off....they tried to mea culpa...but not good enough!!

We bought a deal thru Travelzoo, Hotel, Breakfast and massage for 2.  The message never happened do to "miscommunication" on their part.  The desk manager himself made the appointment for us,,,,,but the Nancy the spa director, after finding out this was a pakage deal, treated us like hillbillies and offered 1 massage much later and 1 pedicure, half the value.  What an attitude!!!!  What a condesending hag! Her final offfer........this is it...take it or leave it.  

We had to leave it, we did not want 1 massage and 1 pedicure, we wanted the 'couples massage" that we were entitled to......now feel we would never buy another all inclusive package from Travelzoo....turns out to be bait and switch, and that hotel certainly would not be a choice again.

The mea culpa, was another night....yeah right!!, we are going to spend airfare/gas for 1 night....add to that the $22.00 resort fee PER NIGHT, food, tax, parking (1/2 hour from the strip) and it will COST us about $400.00 to fianlly JUST get the "included" massage! 
   Total RIP OFF!!!!!
I was really unsatisfied with the service there. The resort itself is pretty. Lake, village, mountains. Sure it was pretty. But from the second I walked in to the resort I was a complete inconvenice. The most helpful and friendliest people there was the accounting person on the phone during my dispute over a 400! dollar charge and a lady on the stairs I saw while wandering after my 6hr commute because my room wasn't ready ( got there at 6pm room was to be ready by 3pm). Thank you accountant lady and thank you lady on the stairs. 
Weddings looked like fun there but not a getaway for a lone traveler.
A nice secluded getaway.
The little faux-Italian village was cute, but it seemed a little empty.  In fact, the whole place had a little bit of a deserted feel to it.  It could have been the time of the year that we were there, mid-Dec.
The hotel staff was friendly, and the room was clean, except for the coffee-maker.  I don't think any hotel cleans those things.  I kept getting gross stuff in the water and gave up trying to make coffee.
The interior of the hotel felt like an Italian villa.  The exterior showed a little neglect.
For the price, it was a pretty nice place for a romantic getaway.
I love this place. Huge fan. I have stayed at Ravella twice (August and New Years), and both times it gave me a very weird, but peaceful feeling. Somebody mentioned the "Twilight Zone" in another review, and I think that is a good description. The hotel and its grounds are absolutely beautiful. It is a great place to just go and relax. Unfortunately, the effects of the economy are obvious. Ravella seems very underbooked, understaffed and The Village is full of abandoned storefronts. It is kind of depressing, but it is also very quiet, tranquil and beautiful so that makes up for it I guess. On New Years Eve though, The Village got a decent crowd. It was kind of eery. Like, where did all of these people come from? They can't be staying at the hotel! It's empty!

[Most of my "not so goods" are about The Village, not the Ravella itself]

The Awesome:
- Beautiful hotel, beautiful grounds.
- FREE WIFI! And it is FAST!
- Decent price.
- Very friendly and helpful staff.
- Ample parking.
- Beautiful views. First time we had a balcony over the courtyard, and this last time we had a patio with grass.
- Very peaceful. Feels high class to this t-shirt and shorts guy.

The Mediocre to Not so Good:
- Very difficult to get a meal or even a cup of coffee past 10pm. Only option is Harry's in the Montelago Casino. The few places in The Village that are still in business are not open after 9 or 10.
- Like many others noted, the AC does not cool the room, not even in the Winter.
- Paper thin walls.
- People were smoking in the room next door to us, a non-smoking room.
- The Village is pretty much deserted.
- Nothing to do in the evening.
- Far from the strip: shuttle runs too infrequently and ends too early.
- Bizarre layout; more like a mansion than a hotel.
- The Village has a sewage smell at times. It reminded me of the lagoon at UCSB.

The Terrible:
The New Years Eve package. The dinner and breakfast were both awful and not worth the money by a long shot. Beer and wine were free... but soft drinks cost $3.00 for HALF A CAN of Coke! I was not allowed to keep the remaining half of the can. So, it is $6 for a can of Coke. That being said, the Coke was definitely more expensive than the wine we were served. Even worse, they brought a child a FREE glass of Sprite. WTF? We left most of our dinner for the waiter to take back. Afterwards, the head waitress or whatever came by and asked us "We like to get feedback. What was your favorite part of the meal tonight?" My mom and I just looked at each other as we struggled to come up with an answer. I said "salad" and my mom said "the grilled vegetables." The poor dinner/breakfast really put a damper on NYE at Ravella.

This is a great vacation destination, but come with few expectations. You will need to make your own fun, or just relax. You can still go to the Strip and have some fun, but plan on spending the whole day there, and then come back and enjoy the peaceful surroundings. Despite the annoyances I mentioned, and the terrible NYE package, we will definitely return. 

BTW, this would be a great place for a romantic weekend, as long as your significant other isn't utterly annoying, because there is nowhere to run...
I just got back last night and cannot wait to return! 
My best friend and I decided to take a little girl's getaway before she has her baby... looked high and low for someplace that was going to meet our needs. We wanted to spend a day at the spa, we wanted to be able to gamble, I wanted to have some drinks.. after all, I'm not pregnant! We wanted to do a little shopping and just be able to relax and enjoy ourselves, but not be completely bored either. 

Upon arriving we were awestruck by the beauty of the property. It is HUGE.... And it was also EMPTY, but honestly, it could have just been so large that it just felt that way.. definitely not complaining. 

The service was incredible. My best friend and I both discussed that even though this was obviously a slow time of year for them, they were still fully staffed and we didn't have to wait or ask twice for anything. The Bellman/Valet was super friendly and helpful. Our bags were delivered immediately along with several recommendations on what the village offered. I was worried about checking in because this was a getaway package we purchased through plum district, but it went flawlessly. The woman at the front desk knew exactly what was going on and even asked if she  could make reservations for us at the spa... which we had already done.  We were upgraded to a lake view room and we also had a view of the village. The room was beautiful, and the view was great as well... all I could think about was visiting when it is warmer to make use of the lake! 

The first night we were tired from the drive and just had a quick dinner at the pub in the village and played a few minutes of slots in the casino. We made this a really early night. Day two we were able to make the short drive to the outlets in North Las Vegas, which is by the old strip. We had a wonderful day shopping and upon return to the hotel got ready for a fun night out. We had dinner around 8 and then hit the casino. Loving the blackjack tables with the virtual dealer! It was busy enough that we didn't get the table we were looking for, but had a blast at the $3 blackjack table. We had an awesome cocktail waitress, she was very attentive and I never needed to wait for a drink! 

Let me get to the BEST PART. The SPA. My goodness. First of all, the girls that work the desks were so friendly and helpful. We were the only people in the spa and the girls that work there weren't chatting in a corner to pass the time. They were very attentive and helpful. I wish they had more photos of the spa on their website, because it is beautiful. Probably the prettiest and most tranquil water room. The Jacuzzi was unbelievable, then they had a small cool water pool with a waterfall in it. They had a Tsunami Shower, a sauna and a eucalyptus steam room. Because my BF  is pregnant, she usually cannot sit in a steam room for more than 3 or 4 minutes because her core temp isn't supposed to reach 103 degrees..... but this was perfect. We could turn the temp way down and we are two girls at nearly 6' tall each and we could still spread out and lay down in this HUGE steam room. If you decide to visit the spa, let me tell you that Gretchen was my massage therapist and she was absolutely out of this world. We had an 80 minute treatment with massage, peppermint foot scrub and rosemary scalp rub. WOW. Gretchen was completely amazing. My best friend had the pregnancy massage with Laurie and she had nothing but the most incredible things to say. 

I know this is a long review, but, the resort was dead. I know it was playoffs weekend, and totally off season, but my fear is that my new favorite hidden gem will not get enough business to stay around. I want everyone to go to see how wonderful it can be. This is not a place to go if you need to meet a ton of new people and are expecting a club scene (unless they shuttle you out to the strip and you take a cab back)... this is a place to go to relax, have some fun and enjoy the group you came with. 

I absolutely loved the hotel and all of the people that worked there were beyond helpful. I can't wait to return!
Just came back from a one night stay at the Ravella at Lake Las Vegas.  Seriously, this is a strange resort.  Once you start walking around you begin to notice the fake lawn in the 'Italian' courtyard, the broken ceiling tiles in the walk ways,  empty storefronts in the faux village, etc.  My son and I ordered two sandwiches from the restaurant and he asked for a beer.  The waitress said they only served soft drinks and juice.  Not true.  Two other patrons were drinking beer.  We asked the waitress why them and not us she replied that she would have to go upstairs to get it!  The following day I was kind of itchy but was anxious to go home.  At home I found the itches were caused by little bed bug bites all over my belly.  Seriously, this is not the place to stay in unless you want to be be reminded of the bad economy that exists in Las Vegas, insulted by waiters and bitten by bed bugs.
**************SPA REVIEW************

This spa is gorgeous. It feels like a mansion. You can tell it was once a Ritz Carlton. The decor is all polished marble, ivory and classy. There are windows and palm trees. It smells like a spa and is just beautiful. The locker rooms are spacious. There are lots of showers, toilets, sinks. Like I said it is huge. The steam room, sauna, and jacuzzi are all in a medium sized room with a few lounge chairs. 

The receptionist was very friendly when we checked in. The therapists were professional. Again, I was shocked at how many treatment rooms there are. This spa could handle some serious business or conventions. 

My friend and I made appointments for a massage and facial.  We sat in the waiting lounge and enjoyed cucumber water and nuts and were so comfortable we just hung out in our robes after to chat.

I was torn between Spa Moulay at the Westin ( previously Loews) and Ravella. I toured Spa Moulay and let me just say this..... Ravella is the one to choose. (Spa Moulay at the Westin is a creepy, dark, smelly spa in the basement dungeon of the hotel).
Ok, so reading the reviews on this site for the hotel and its staff one would be scared off but please read on as many of them are undeserved and are just some emotional customers venting on having to pay a little to live the "good life" 

They do charge you $15 a day to valet park as a guest and people are upset as those who come in for dinner valet for free. 

I can appreciate that especially if you are too fat/lazy to park in the garage and walk the 1/2mile back and forth you most likely could use the exercise so cough it up or take the walk.

The room was fairly clean. No bugs were found but there was some mold in the bathroom. The AC unit was confusing but we did get the room down to 60 at night. The people who complained about that may have been upset about the daytime temp and Im guessing they had the window shades open.

The elevators are kind of confusing and Im guessing the hotel went through a remodel and the 2nd elevator was added to go up to the new floors. Even still there was never a long wait and everything worked smoothly.

The staff was very professional and helpful with suggestions. We were given $50 food credits but as many of the locations on site aren't affiliate with the hotel we couldnt use them anywhere. (We used it poolside on day one and then at the breakfast buffet on the final day)

Proof that we had a good/great time is that we were there for three days and besides sleeping we didnt spend more than an hour/two in our room being awake. 

This is/was my best "staycation" of the year and Ive taken about 4. I cant wait till I can be back.
After reading all the BAD & few reviews for this place I was about to cancel.  I am GLAD I did not cancel.  We came here for our wedding anniversary which was during the week 6/26/2012.  This place is beautiful I never knew this lake existed in Las Vegas.  It was very nice and peaceful nice to get away from everything and just hang out.  We walked around the lil village stopped at the cigar lounge smoked a cigar nice and peaceful.  Walking around the hotel there was hardly anyone there it made it feel like I was at my own castle.  LOL .............. the staff is very nice and friendly.  According to the employees here they said it gets a Lil busier during weekends! Most of the people we meet there were a locals that just wanted to get away.  It was a very nice stay for us.  Then we headed for VEGAS for the weekend!
You can totally tell this place used to be a Ritz Carlton. But it needs some major remodeling. Its kinda dirty and used, this is what I mean; you know when you used something so much it does not mater how much you try to clean it or fix its just done. Well that how I feel about the rooms in this hotel. I read the review of Katherine L, oh Katherine I've should of listen to you. The first night I could not stop itching for the life of me. After they change the sheets, I could still not stop itching. Very uncomfortable 2 nights. Also they have a white sand area with a small lagoon to swim well wen we got there that area was closed, that was a big bummer.

I do have to say that I really did appreciated their customer service very polite, even the maintenance personnel where very polite. The pool area was very cool, also if you go with your kids take them to the pool in the afternoon cuz they show movies for kids wile their in the pool. 

 Also if you want to go to the strip wile your in the Vegas area, just stay at the strip. The strip is like 20 to 30 minute drive from the hotel. In conclusion; its a nice place but, I really don't think its worth staying there I have no idea how this hotel is a 4 star hotel. I would think it would be a 2 star. Don't do what I did, listen to these reviews before you book a room. Katherine im going to listen to you next time.
The perfect staycation getaway!

For my husband's birthday last year we booked a standard room using a Travel Zoo deal. I called a few weeks ahead of our stay and asked if there was anything special they could do for his birthday. They told me absolutely and worked with me to plan a great surprise. They upgraded our standard room to a suite complimentary, and decorated the suite with banners, balloons, confetti, cake and more!  I told them my husband really liked spicy food so they prepared a bowl of specially made hot peanuts - wow!

Aside from the staff going above and beyond to help plan a great surprise, our stay was amazing! We each got a 50-minute massage and pedicure at the Spa, which was incredible. The pool is fantastic (not too crowded) and the food at the pool café was delicious. Also, Ravella is located right next to Monte Lago Casino and Lake Las Vegas' Village which has a variety of restaurants, shops, concerts and events.

We've stayed at Ravella about 5 times in the past two years now and will definitely back!
If you're staying here I hope you're in good shape.  Seriously, $215 for one night and it's a 8 minute walk to your room (yes I timed it).  
The good- the place is pretty, the people are friendly and the drinks I drank were strong.
The bad- the place is huge, in the 2 days I have been here I swear I've walked 10 miles between the trips  from the room to the lobby and one trip to the "village." The service (restaurants) is slow, painfully slow and the food is mediocre.  I waited 45 minutes for the bell desk to bring my luggage. When I called to ask where my stuff was I was told they only had one person running luggage up and I was last on the list.  You'd think with a "resort" this size they'd have more than one person running luggage, it wasn't even 8pm.  The outside is dirty, there's a bunch of bug nests on the outside.  The room won't get cool, and the hallways are freezing. Lots of bugs inside, we found 2 grasshoppers in the dining room.  The food is horrible, even the macaroni & cheese was gross. Lastly, 2 of the 5 lamps in our room worked, so it was pretty dark in there at night time.

Will I stay here again? BIG FAT NEGATIVE
The boyfriend and I had a nice time here for a staycation. Another reveiwer worded it perfectly you can tell it used to be a Ritz but it needs some cleaning up, it feels old.  I thought the staff was friendly enough. I had reserved the room online and added the upgrade which they are supposed to let you know if you get the upgrade when you check in. They made no mention of it, but my boyfriend asked and we ended up paying more than what the online price was. It was only a couple dollars hardly worth mentioning since total bill was over $200 for one night + room service. 

Sooo the room service...if you stay here DO NOT ORDER ROOM SERVICE. It was the worst meal of my life, fake smoke added to the bacon ruined everything on my plate and the eggs tasted like they were microwaved. The total bill was $60 for breakfast, strip prices, but at least the room service at most hotels on the strip is worth the premium. Again no point in complaining...my boyfriend will eat just about anything.

The bar in the hotel was fantastic, they made the best peach cosmo well worth the price! Very slow with the service though...The village is cute, didn't find much for food in the immediate area, however the cigar bar is definitely worth a visit. The casino was not much at all but somehow we still found our way there a few times during the night.  ONLY electronic dealers, come on now, but the BF did enjoy their selection of free beer while we were playing (losing). Overall might stay here again if we head out that way but need to save up $$$.
This hotel is nice enough but it's much more for the business crowd than staycationers or visitors. All the staff even admits this. It's a nice hotel but there's not much to do there and little in-hotel dining options, so if you're looking for a lot of quiet time and R&R this is the perfect place for you.

Would be a good staycation for Las Vegans if there is a major event going on at Lake Las Vegas such as the summer movie nights etc. Lake Las Vegas does not provide much entertainment outside of the special events.
I really really REALLY wanted to give these guys a positive review REALLY I did. The location and the property are absolutely BEAUTIFUL, however after 3 BOTCHED attempts at staying here...the most recent today. I will be leaving them a one star. First two times I stayed here they improperly charged my credit card and I had to call and demand they reimburse me for charges I should not have incurred. Well today I tried to reserve my room for a Travelzoo voucher that I had purchased for NEW YEARS EVE keep in mind that was the whole point of the voucher. I called and they had NO ROOMS available but them tried to sell me crappier rooms at an elevated rate. I informed the operator well since my voucher covered a much nicer room could I just settle for one of the poorer rooms as this was where my gf and I wanted to spend New Years. She refused. WTF? This place is like a ghost town every time you go there. I think they would be scrambling at any business they could get. Like I said I wanted to like this place. As a local I would love to tell people to go here to stay. UNFORTUNATELY this place has struck out 3 times in a row. Looks like I will be spending my money somewhere else as they have lost what should have been an easy repeat customer. EPIC FAIL

PS. Just booked a night at the Westin and paid full price. Thanks again for sucking Ravella and trying to ruin our New Years
Such a pretty view of the lake. lovely service and laid back atmosphere
I really like this hotel. I didn't think it would be that far from the strip though especially during those nights when there is traffic on the fwy going to the strip. My boyfriend and I came here without plans but if I really planned on walking around and doing things on the strip, I wouldn't recommend this hotel because it is milesss away from the strip. I got this offer from livingsocial for $79 a night. The "lake" can be deceiving. It is just a small body of water that one side of the hotel is built on top of. The "ravella" view is also pretty small. It is just a small courtyard with trees and bushes. For $79/night it was pretty cool but I wouldn't stay here again since there's not much to do around. The lobby/living room area by the check-in is beautiful though. It looked very upscale and it smelled like air freshener which I liked. It was very awkward because they offer valet but I could see my car and literally could walk about 20 steps to get to it.. My boyfriend and I just took the valet since he asked which car was ours so he can get it and it honestly took him 30 seconds to get it and park it in front of us. It felt so silly.. haha Oh and the walls are very thin. I could hear EVERY movement that the people next to us made. From walking, talking, their running water.. I could hear it all the way from our room. It was very uncomfortable trying to sleep when the couple next to us were ... busy doing their thing.. if you know what I mean. Awkwarddd..
I was a little skeptical about my "stay-cation" last weekend based on the yelp reviews, I take Yelp seriously- but I don't think it deserves the lower rating.  I very much enjoyed my two day stay here.  Perhaps the issue that people have is that they don't know what Lake Las Vegas is like nowadays.  Its not a place to really party and mingle with new people.  Its very quiet and slow because of the recession, but so nice! 
We had a lovely room overlooking the lake on the bridge.  I was able to walk out to my balcony each morning and feed the ducks.  The crown moldings, marble and chandeliers remind you that this was a Ritz.  The manicured garden in the courtyard opens up to the village- some nice restaurants and the casino.  
The only problem was the pretty long walk to my room, but it was worth it to be able to have a balcony overlooking the lake.  
A hearty recommendation!
Excellent spa. The customer service and the facilities were great. Cierria was my massage therapist and I was in heaven. I have been to many spas and this one is so far the best. Relaxation room, hot tub, steam room, dry sauna everything was great. Had lunch in private room off a secluded garden. Just the best way to relax. Will definitely go again my next time in Vegas.
WORST SERVICE EVER! There was not one person in  this entire hotel that we came across who didn't have an attitude or act like I wanted their kidney. There is a laundry list of horrible experiences from the checkin desk clerk to the wait staff to the bartenders And even the valet. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE EVER AGAIN OR RECCOMEND ANYONE ELSE DO THE SAME. 

Luna italian restaurant was even worse. The worst server on the the planet which was very sad because the food was good. Same thing for Harrys. I've never been more shocked at the things that came out of the staff's mouth than this weekend. 

At all three locations we asked for managers and never did one appear. We were told none of them were on staff. One employee even told me that it wouldnt matter anyways because the managers here don't care about the hotel or guests anyways and suck so need to talk to them! Who talks ab out their boss like that?!!! WORST PLACE EVER PACK A TENT AND STAY IN THE PARKING LOT. YOU'LL HAVE A WAY BETTER TIME!
It's a 5 star resort manage and maintained by a 1 star company. The deals they offer online to HS in the completely erong crowd. Really bad.

Hilton will be buying it in June. Try them around October. The mess should be fixed by then. 

The massage therapist Sonyi...tries to convert you to being a Mormon!

The girls in the pedicure section were outstanding! Loved them.

The spa and steamroom was nice but fairly unkept. Only plain water available. Rusted shower heads and pipes everywhere. 

The pool is great except for the absolutely low end chairs they are using. Apparently when this was a Ritz the good quality cushion chairs were sold off.

Art: it's completely missing from this hotel. Walls are bare and its odd.

Music: some should be playing everywhere for ambience! 

Checkout and fee's: absolute nightmare
Me and my wife recently stayed here for our 2 year anniversary and this by far is one of the best hotels I've had the pleasure of staying at! The staff was very accommodating and friendly! Our view over looking the lake from the balcony was like no other ! The room service was phenomenal! I ordered the Ravella burger and fries! They said it would take about 35-45 mins but it arrived to our room in about 10! Freshly prepared and exactly how I asked! I recommend anyone to stay here! Great room, Great food, great guest service, beautiful location what more can you ask for !
Amazing location and good service staff

From what I found in researching hotels, this used to be a Ritz that closed when the economy tanked Lake Las Vegas.  You can tell-- amazing property, fine detail, and superb features.  You can also tell it's not a Ritz anymore.  There is visible wear and need for cleaning; gardens have fake grass; very few service staff around; and a dead golf course on the way in.  

That said, the staff was very courteous and the concept behind the properties and location make you wish the economy had kept it going. The staff is very courteous.  Accessing the Village is a breeze with nice little shops to walk through.  The bed is great and the room quiet, accented by the occasional clock tower bells marking the hour.

Would stay again in a heartbeat and look forward to seeing the properties there continue improve.
I am a Vegas local and have stayed here on two previous occasions.  Both times were with Groupon/Living Social deals and I was very happy.

Fast forward to a month ago when I purchased another Groupon for a Spa package and hotel stay.  

The first time I called to book a date, I was told their reservation system was down and that a Supervisor would call me back the following day.  No call back.  I tried again a few days later and was told that they did not have the correct codes to book the Groupon.  I was also told a Supervisor would call me back.  No call back.  I again tried a few days later and was the told the same thing.  They did not have the correct Groupon codes to make a reservation?????   I was again told a Manager would be contacting me immediately.  A Manager did not call.

My next call was to Groupon.  I was immediately refunded my Groupon purchase and told that others had experienced problems as well.

Buyer beware.  Not sure what is going on here.  A shame really considering it is a really nice Hotel.
Hilton recently took this property over, and the transition appears to be proving rough.  The hotel itself is very nice and the rooms are comfy. However, there are some important things missing from the equation.

It is difficult to find one's way from the front desk to the elevators.  That sounds odd, but there are multiple halls and turns before you get to the elevators, and the path is not well marked.

Once in the room the first thing I noticed was the window covered with bird poop.  On the overhang above our window were multiple bird nests.  We just kept the curtains drawn.  The second thing I noticed was that there was no little binder or book of information about the property.  An unimpressive 1-page room service menu was there however.

Without a resort map in the room, I went to the front desk.  None there either, and they gave me confusing directions to get to the pool.   Once I finally found it, I was surprised at how small and crowded it was. I will not comment on the water temperature because of the high air temp.  But the combination was very uncomfortable.

My usual first day at an unfamiliar resort is to sit in the pool and order cocktails.  Once I found a place in the shade and got settled in the pool, I watched the two servers running around keeping glasses full for just about everyone.  After 30 minutes of unsuccessfully getting a server's attention, I walked back to my room and mixed my own drink in a large thermos.  I happily sat in the pool and sipped my beverage, clearly from the "outside", and not a word was said to me.

Back inside the hotel, there is only one option for dinner, and a different option for breakfast and lunch.  Breakfast and lunch are available at the $$$$ Medici dining room on the lower level.  Lunch and dinner are available in the lobby bar, which is very attractive and has a nice view of the gardens and lake.

When it's hot outside, as it was on the day of my visit, there is really nothing to do inside but drink and gamble, unless you are planning a wedding at the property.  We ventured into the casino.  Tobacco smoke and stale something drove us back out into the heat.

Happily, we found a great place for dinner, not affiliated with the hotel.

We'll be back to the restaurant, but not the hotel.  Sorry Hilton, I hope you got this place for a good price. It's a fixer at best.
This review was rejected by Travelocity, so I figure I'll never trust their reviews since they are "moderated" when you have something less than pleasing to post.
This hotel is located in a nice area about 20 minutes from Vegas. We had some issues with banging on doors early in the morning. When we reported it to the front desk their best answer was something like of "oh wow".  
The hotel has a pool. Not heated thou! We stayed in September and the weather was relatively hot but the pool was freezing so we could not use it.  
Overall it was a descent stay until we checked out. They hit you with around $25 per night on "resort fees" (not like they have any amenities to support this fees) 
I wish it would have been disclosed as we had payed in advance through Travelocity. So being that we stayed for 7 nights it was an expensive surprise. Their response was "it's the small print"
First of all I will say that I live near and WANT this property to stay and be nice.  Lake Las Vegas is amazing yet dying. It is very sad that locals don't support the area. The spa is very nice, does it need a little sprucing up? Yes but it is very nice and the staff is skilled.  I didn't like the resort fees as I do not feel at this time it is warranted. When we were walking through the village at night we were told we either had to pay for a ticket to listen to a jazz concert out by the lake or leave the village. When I complained to the Hilton I got not a single response. As we were being guests there we wanted to be able to stroll around until a favorite band started at the Irish Pub in the village. Instead we were made to leave or pay which we had no interest in hearing the jazz band and especially since they hired a bouncer to make people pay up and not stroll through the village. Since that time this summer most of the shops and the Casino are closed. It is sad because this is an amazing area. Hilton too bad you do not care about customer service we will be taking our staycations to the Westin instead.
This was an incredible culinary experience!  One of the very best ever!  My wife and some friends were in Vegas for the weekend.  We decided to go out to see the shops at Lake Las Vegas.  As we walked around, we saw the Ritz Carlton on one of the maps.  We went in to look around, not knowing that the hotel was actually now the Ravella.  We noticed a chef at a carving station in a lounge.  As we looked at the menu, the chef, Marco, came up and asked us if we would like to see the food they were serving.  Thinking this was a Ritz, we were surprised at how friendly Marco was.  

He took us to his station and showed us many of the dishes he was preparing, including the best prosciutto I've tasted in my life.  It was Pata Negra prosciutto, and it metled like butter.  After tasting that, we were hooked.  We decided to stay.  Our group of four shared a bottle of pino, had more prosciutto, crispy pork belly, grilled veggies, heirloom tomatoes....The food was great, but the service was even better, if that's possible.  Marco kept coming back and telling us little facts about the food.  Our server, Gerardo was also very good.  He was very attentive and it was obvious that he, and Marco, genuinely wanted us to have a great experience.  

This was one of those excellent accidental finds.  We are so happy we stumbled into Marco's and Gerardo's lounge that night.  We will be back.
We were walking back to our room and saw the big chalkboard menu, it was so interesting, we had to stop by.

The server was very friendly and took our order in a timely manner.

They had a great small plates menu. I love this idea!
I saw the Razor Clams and had to order it. She had the pear tarte tatin.

They had this big rustic table full of heirloom tomatoes, giant dates, figs, pickled vegetables they made there.On one side they had Prosciutto De Parma and the other side had a Spanish Jamon Pate Negra, this is a cured ham like prosciutto from Spain. These are one of my favorite things in the world but I had to have the razor clams. The chef that was carving the hams was extremely friendly and very knowledgeable. We chatted for a few minutes.

Then the food came, the razor clams were perfectly cooked and so tasty. Her pear tarte tatin was delicious, the pears were so fresh, sweet and juicy.The vanilla ice cream was just a perfect compliment.

I highly recommend this place if you are staying there, even if you aren't its certainly worth the walk.
This is a great secret lounge in Vegas, one that many don't know about except for those who live in the area.  The food here is fabulous and the menu ever-changing.  Let me just say that I would eat here every single day if I lived nearby.  

The menu catches your attention because it's a huge chalkboard.  They have pata negra just sitting on a table with stone fruit and other things around it.  Jars of honey and balsamic are visible, too, which gives the carving table this unique and yummy look.  Everything that comes out of that kitchen is beautiful and tasty.  The pata negra, however, was a meat-gasm in my mouth.  If they still have it you must try it.  You can taste the hazelnuts in the meat. Yummy!

What a great little place to eat some lovely food.  Try it and you won't regret it.
This place doesn't exist!!! They refer you to "Sunset & Vines" and they are horrible! Avoid at all costs!!!
When this hotel was revella it was phenomenal! My bf and I reserved a suit for a great price and had a great time
I was lucky enough to head along to one of the "launch" parties of this new bar.

I like the layout and the decor, it's a pretty upmarket place but out of the way enough that I hope the riff raff will be kept out. 

I mostly had several glasses of wine to drink and the house red pretty solid all told. I was impressed. I also tried several shots of cocktails including one with popping candy and one black russian style one. We also had a Charlie Chaplain one in a tea cup which was quite quaint! I didn't spot that many good beers so might stick to wine for the moment when I'm there.

Food wise they had herring so they obviously have excellent taste. The burgers looked good and I'll have to come back and have a go at the menu. 

They seemingly have a speakeasy style club downstairs which is only accessable if you know the password - this might make it slightly awesome..... Or just full of dickheads. I guess I'll have to go find out!
Really cool place to come for a drink on a sat night without feeling like the oldest person in the bar! They had a fabulous live band on sat night playing a mix of country (everyone loves a bit of Johnny Cash), rock and indie. Thoroughly enjoyed bopping away, tequila slammer in hand (then mouth). Sampled quite a few cocktails and pre made shots....All in the name of yelp of course. Tasty, fruity, alcoholic. Nuff said. 

Would def go back to the main bar but the after hours bit below was too small with no dance floor. Pointless really. 

Nice toilets. Important! Need to try it during the day to see what the food is like.
A oh-so-swish and swanky bar in the West End, serving unusual cocktails under chandeliers, surrounded by suited business folk on a Wednesday evening.

Angels Share is a beautiful new bar, with  more chandeliers than I could count, a piano in the bar (I didn't hear it played) and booths, high seats, and a club next door. On a Wednesday evening it was pleasantly half full but not busy. The bar man was incredibly courteous and very attentive. I ordered, paid, then he brought the drinks over. I really liked that touch; not sure if it would extend to a busy Friday night.

The cocktail - the Flower of Scotland - was really quite delicious. Champagne with Edinburgh raspberry gin, and a real flower on top (mine was a pansy). It was a good serving too, not in flute, but in a real champagne glass. Totally reasonable for a cocktail in this part of town, at £7.50. The other one that caught my eye was Haud Yer Wheest! which was made with peaty whisky and ginger. Oh yes.

I haven't been on a Friday or Saturday night, but knowing the area I imagine it's not somewhere I personally will want to go on a Friday or Saturday night. This is no fault of the bar, just the area and general mood and ambiance. Very busy, full of suited folk and folk who like to dress up and aren't always the friendliest drinking neighbours.

But on a mid-week evening it is the perfect spot to pop in for a cheeky, delectable cocktail. I've yet to try the food (also curious). And I won't knock it before I've tried it, so I will pop in here at the weekend to see what it's like. But so far, I do like the cocktails on a Wednesday evening, and the very courteous barman who served me!
I thought I'd update my review of Angel's Share as I popped in last night for some drinkies and ended up staggering out after having 2 bottles of wine (shared)!! A bottle of wine for a tenner Mon to Thurs - do it! Really good value.

And... as i was rather tipsy I decided to go for the steak burger & cheese which was lovely. A warning for anyone like me who doesn't like sauce though  - it was smothered in tomato sauce (or relish they called it). The waiter who came over to check how I was enjoying the food could see I was struggling with the sauce - I just really hate tomato sauce & i don't understand why they wouldn't put this on the side as an option?!? Anyway he insisted on changing it for me which was nice as there wasn't anything technically wrong with the burger. Apparently it says it comes with relish on the menu but I honestly hadn't expected it to come IN the burger already. Small issue though as they fixed it.

Home-made fries were hot & salty - yum
Burger was home-made, crumbly and cooked to perfection
Onion Rings were surprisingly light with a tempura batter
The brioche roll was a nice touch, kind of looked like a bagel without a hole and the sweetness and softness of the bread worked really well (much better than a ciabatta roll which is very heavy and filling).

Would go back for more food!
Lots of glitz and glamour yes, it looks nice yes...but the service was abysmal. Be interested to know if others had the same experience but I have to say I wont be rushing back anytime soon.

Almost warm prosecco from their 'other fridge' was a not a winner!
I've read some mixed reviews about this place so I wanted to try it for myself. K & I decided to try their lunch offer. 2 course lunch & a cocktail for £15 through 5pm.co.uk. We both had the pink gin fizz cocktail which was lovely. It was a generous serving in a tall glass with fresh raspberries muddled through it. So good we ordered a second!
Food wise, I had the mussels in a Bloody Mary sauce to start. It was a generous serving of very plump mussels with some crusty bread to mop up the sauce. K had the bruschetta. It was a generous portion too & we scoffed the lot. For main I tried the salmon served with herb couscous & K had the chicken stuffed with haggis. Both portions were a decent size & full of flavour. I'd definitely go back. 
The service was good too. We were through in the restaurant rather than the bar area so next time I'll try the bar & see how it compares.
This bar/restaurant/hotel is in a great location just off the West end of Princes Street. I visited a few times when it was The Hudson and it was OK but in desperate need of a refurb and a good clean.

I went to the opening night of the Angels Share a few months ago and was very impressed with what I saw. It looks lovely inside now and I got to try a few canapés that definitely left me wanting more. So last week I returned and took my auntie there as she was visiting Edinburgh and I met her on my lunch break.

It was pretty quiet but the staff were very lovely and friendly. I chose the macaroni cheese with salted beef and it was absolutely delicious. Served in the wee pot it was cooked in was torture as I had to wait for it to cool down a bit. The cheese sauce was delicious and very, very rich. There were little chunks of salted beef throughout the dish and this was cooked to perfection. I couldn't fault the dish.

Now I just can't wait to go back and try something else!
A delightful place on the edge of New Town.  Easy walking distance to everything in Edinburgh.  Recently renovated and the rooms are ideal.  The bus from the airport drops you off across the street and picks you up at the corner.  Perfect.  The rooms were clean and decorated with British Actor themes. Bed was ultra comfy.  Bathroom was brand new and very modern. Internet was crucial and this hotel had it.  Very charming staff that took care of our every need.  I would recommend this place to anyone going to Edinburgh.  It was awesome!
I was slighly dubious about this change from the Hudson Wine Bar as I never really thought their was anything wrong with it as it was! However i have to give it 10/10 on making the New Angels Share a success! Serve cannot be faulted and the last time we were there ( during the busy festival) we got a seat relatively easy and serve was faultless. The set lunch menu was tasty x Cocktail are great, although i do think they could have a few more on the drinks menu to choose from and i love the chandilers! A fab place for drinks with friends or a yummy lunch. Great location too, Well Done !
after a night of way too many drinks, including a brief dance at Harry's Bar, my co-workers and i ended up at the Angels Share bar.  it was a snap decision as we were all in heels and wanted to go to the closest bar that served relatively reasonably priced good drinks.  that said though, i'd been keen to try this place for ages so glad that i did finally get a chance to go!

the decor in this bar is very swish.  it's like walking into a proper posh men's club that you'd fine in manhattan.  chandeliers and leather seats, dark lighting, and a massive dark wood bar with loads of spirits on the shelves behind.  there is also a club underneath which we did try to go to, but was incredibly quiet for a friday night.  we were told it was turning into a jazz club at midnight, but considering the lack of people we weren't convinced.

that said though, we decided to grab our last drink here and grabbed one of the massive circular booths to sit down.  i finally got a chance to order a cocktail as these were well priced and had a pink gin fizz.  it came in a massive glass with mint garish and a truly lovely pink colour.  it was lovely  to drink and a nice way to end the night.  

i feel a bit bad giving this place three stars as i feel like there is a lot of potential here, but i just didn't see it at the end of my friday night.  i will make a point to go back though as this seems like the place to go and grab a pre-dinner drink when you're dressed up to go somewhere nice.
Are Chandeliers too much? 

I don't know, you can make the call on that one, came here after Sunday Lunch at Kyloe and thought it was a place I could drink for a while. The décor is pretty cool, hunners of photos of famous scots from Fergie to Hoy to Macgregor, it's a homage to the good and the great of Scotland. Large leather couches, and very high bar stools.

Those of you who know me, know I love a good bar stool, and even better I love a good bar. This is a nice long bar counter, copper or steel, I can't remember, but it's well polished, ergo very very shiny. They have an impressive back bar as well, one I would enjoy working my way round.

The service was what made this a memorable experience there was a very hyper young girl who was eager to keep us hydrated, and my Dad enjoyed the fact that she could make the dark rum and coke almost as quickly as he could drink them - we paid for that later on!!

This is  a great spot for some quality drinks with good company.
So found myself having dinner here last night and you know what it was pretty good. To be fair I didn't have high expectations but yeah for what it is it was really good.

With some friends we shared the sharing platter that came with chicken wings, calamari and chorizo! All tasty and plentiful.

For main I went for the chicken burger, the chips were a bit sparse but tasty as were the onion rings. The burger was a full filet with a nice seasoning and mozzarella. It was good!!

A surprise twist to the evening was the great live band that came on! Great tunes which lead to a bit of dancing.

All in all a surprisingly good meal at a very fair price. The Angels Shares has earned the right to be called JD Recommended.
I was at Rio casino playing poker recently and happened to look across the hall and saw what I thought was a mirage. So I went closer and was surprised to find out a new Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas that no one has talked about yet . The name is called "Pho Da Nang". Their menu consists of many popular Vietnamese items, such as Pho, Bun Thit Nuong, rice dishes, etc... 

Two things that came to my mind when I was browsing through the menu. The first thing is I gotta try their Pho and hopefully (very hopefully) that Vegas finally has a good Pho joint. The second thing that came to my mind was "what the pho with the price".Holy macaroni, their Pho has to better be damn good if they want to charge $15 a bowl + tax. Almost eveything in their menu ranges from $13 to $15, Normally you would find this prices in the strip, but Rio is like 5 blocks away from Chinatown. 

Anyway, I ordered their Pho combo and it came out pretty quick. The bowl consists of noodle, rare steak, sliced beef shank (what the heck??? beef shank doesn't go with Pho, beef shank normally go with Bun Bo Hue), and soup. For those that are not familiar with Pho, the combination normally goes with thinly sliced rare round steak, cooked brisket, tripe, tendon. 

Did this bowl of Pho pass my taste test? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. The soup was bland and un-flavorful (is this a word?). I had to put a bunch of fish sauce and hoisin sauce to make it edible. The thinly sliced steak was tender, but the beef shank tasted fatty and not right for Pho. Overall, Pho is two stars.

Overall, they better cut down the price or improve the quality if they want to attract local customers. Since it's so close to Chinatown, I highly doubt they can rely on tourists as their main customers if they don't improve on their food.
Ate here twice because I was staying at the rio and, well, I'm Vietnamese. Rice dishes are pretty good but stay away from everything else, including the namesake: pho.
I stayed at the Rio & was happy to see a Vietnamese restaurant right next to the registration desk. We've been there twice so far during our 6- night stay. We've tried the pork chop rice plate, beef rice plate, & rare beef pho. All dishes were great! The pork chops are my favorite. I want to go back tomorrow to try the chicken rice plate. I would definitely recommend this place. 

$11 per plate with Rewards card


Ample seating at the sports-theater next door
This place sure hit the spot when I was hungry.  $12 (with the players card) for a rice plate seems a bit expensive though.  The wait was excruciating too.  We were the only ones ordering and the food took at least 15 minutes.   I went up at least 3 times to check on the food.  She kepy saying it was not ready yet.  I wonder what the chefs were doing in the back.  I would not come here again because I really dislike the Rio.  It is so far from everything, making one's choices very limited.
The meat is seasoned so wonderfully, especially the beef in the #18! 

Kind of pricey considering the amount of food (ordered a rice plate- so scoop of rice and some meat), but of course it's Vegas and everything is more expensive! First time eating Vietnamese and it was a good introduction :)

Customer service was good- we didn't know what we were doing and when we ordered rice stick plates the hostess told us they were cold dishes, which we didn't want. She was able to recommend two other dishes similar to what we ordered originally but that were warm dishes served with rice.
Good food, but a bit pricey. I enjoyed the pho and the fried rolls, which were done just right.
Bun rieu-7/10 
Must say best one Ive had so far in Vegas! It's cheap and taste like home! Next time I come I shall try something else. Don't forget to use your rewards card for 1$ off. Or even better, check to see if it can be completely comp.
Authentic food that is well worth the price. No msg used and fried rolls are made with rice paper. The service is excellent!
The food was so wonderful especially the #13 spicy beef sate. It spiciness of it is just perfect thank you Rio for having a Vietnamese resturant in the casino..
The food is good and so is the portion. The amount of food you get is about  the same as at other Vietnamese restaurants, so no worries about the portion size. We ordered the Pho combo (#1 - was decent), Charbroiled pork chop with rice plate (#19 - was good), and Charbroiled chicken rice plate (#20 - was good). The rice dishes are tasty and authentic tasting. The  Pho was not bad at all. Yes, it's pricey but a.You are in Vegas, and b. it's conveniently located in the Rio Hotel for its guests.  Thanks Rio!
Hostess was extremely helpful in choosing a dish. On her recommendation I ordered #15, which was beef and vermicelli noodles. Beef was really well seasoned and very tasty. The sweet and vinegar sauce that came with it was delicious. There was a salad of sorts under the cold noodles and it was nice to see some fresh veg in a Casino. I only gave it 3 stars because I have a favorite Pho place in Los Angeles which is much better but this was good and a refreshing change of pace from the usual inexpensive (relatively) Casino meal.
Came to Pho Da Nang after a couple of games of poker with some family. It is located in Rio Hotel & Casino and it seem decent from the outside. I wanted to try something new and I do not remember this being here since my last visit. I guess vietnamese food in Vegas and me do not mix well. 

Food Order with Price (rounded to the whole dollar)
#19: Charbroiled pork chop with rice plate $12 (Place two orders)
#15: Beef with Vermicelli $12 (Place two orders)
#22: Ice French Milk $5
#24: The Thai Ice Tea $4 
#9: Egg Rolls $7 
Grand Total: $64

Customer service here was horrible and results in the reason that this place only get two stars. A male working who was wearing a uniform that was for a referee at a soccer game took our order. While another female worker with glasses was busy taken another order on the phone who seem to be in Pho Da Nang uniform. The person in the referee uniform throwing all sorts of attitudes at us today. It seem he might have not had any luck at the tables. The waitress who was busy on the phone when we arrived to take our order gave us a apology earning one star back. 

The food it really standard for Vietnamese. The prices are a little hiked compared to the price in NYC but it a casino and Vegas (Hint: You if are a local you get a discount! ). I stayed away from the pho noodles because of the mix reviews from fellow yelpers. Probably the best thing is the egg rolls number 9. They are massive compared to the New York City version.

If you are looking for just plan old average vietnamese food with served with a side of FRESH ATTITUDE this is the place to be! Probably visit again but next time I will tell them to hold the attitude.
***Food options at Rio are very limited and there is not much open during the day; this Vietnamese order-at-the-counter spot (located in Rio's food court) is one of the few places open for lunch; the food here looks less greasy than the deli next door, but the food was below average (the grilled pork had an okay flavor and decent moisture, but it tasted like it was pre-cooked and then simply heated up; the egg rolls had an unappetizing color (no golden brown exterior; a bland, greasy and white deep fried shell)***

I imagine Rio offers free self parking like all the other major hotels and casinos on The Strip.
ate here during superbowl weekend. had chicken pho. it was tasteless and bland. not much chicken, a lot of noodles. was served with cilantro instead of thai basil. the bean sprouts were old and brownish. my friend had a meat dish with rice. he said it was OK. not a lot of meat. I was so disappointed cuz I'm crazy about pho. this was one of the worst I ever had. would never eat here again. I can make a better pho at home.
Most expensive bowl of msg laced imitation pho I've ever tasted. The service and ambiance are good, but the pho, bun bo, mi quang are not so good. The broth has no flavor, and the noodles are very starchy. For $11-$13 a bowl, it'd be worth it to take a taxi to Pho So 1 in China Town for some real pho.
line to the order counter...small discount for total rewards cardholders...fried eggs rolls, pho bowls and bun bo hue ordered...pay first and waiting for number on receipt to be called...lengthy wait of over fifteen minutes....self-serve sauce and pick up food back at the counter...find a table to eat....told the bun bo hue was good by the worker, but finding quite bland and meats chewy...noodles quite bloated and overcooked soft....same problem in pho...lacking much flavor and slight bitter taste...finding only the fried egg rolls being pretty good...
A good dinner option at the Rio.  I enjoyed my chicken noodle pho, and my friends enjoyed the bbq pork and pork bahn mi.  Dinner was reasonably priced too especially if you have a Rio card.  I was glad to find this place!
Only heard bad things about this place but was fighting a hangover and you know what that means....time to get my pho on. Ordered the number 3. The broth was flavorful but I still added a bit of hoisin sauce. Because its hoisin sauce duh. The meet was nice and tender with good flavor. The bowl was very filling. But it was a little pricy for pho but then again it is Vegas so whatevs. Solid choice to get rid of that headache.
dont waste your money here period!
"Meh" at best. The broth was tasty, meat was scarce, and the cilantro was abundant. So I guess if you're looking for some good broth with cilantro, this is your place. 
Better off going a couple blocks down the street for some real pho. 
Seriously though - the cilantro overpowers. And I think it outweighed the chicken. 
Service was nice though. That's one of my two stars.
This used to be a Chinese restaurant under the name Mahjong, it was really good, I don't know why they changed it to a pho place. The food was decent, but nothing that really stood out. I tried the boba and it starts to fall apart, no bueno. If you're starving and need a quick Asian fix, this will do, until you find something better in Chinatown.
It's actually very tasty.  It's just that most people order the wrong items because it's confusing.  The bun rieu noodle salad with pork or beef with an egg roll is great.  It's number 14 or 15 and listed as rice stick. Most people don't realize that rice stick means noodle. The bun rieu is really awesome.  The pho and rolls are not bad.  Too bad the menu is confusing for most people.  I guess it's better to keep the lines low.  Also good is the dim sum place next door.
I gotta admit that this place had pretty good tasting Vietnamese food - however I am just appalled at the prices for the food - honestly would not have tried this place if it wasn't for my picky 5 year old niece. She's the type that wouldn't eat anything and so when she said she wanted noodle soup - this was the closest place we could take her to because her parents was at the Celine Dion concert and we didn't have a car to take her anywhere else so we were stuck in RIo - which was where they were staying at. So therefore wouldn't have tried this place at all if it wasn't for her - but in the end she didn't even eat that much. 

Well anyways onto the food - we ordered a bowl of rare and well-done beef pho, a grilled chicken rice plate, a grilled pork rice plate and an order of spring roll, two hot tea and one coffee - all this for the outrageous price of $65!! This isn't a restaurant either - it's more like an express Vietnamese place located inside Rio and shares it's seating and tables with a pizza place and a taco place. The portions were okay - they weren't exceptionally huge for the price but they didn't skimp either - I guess it was just enough. Man I have never paid so much for Vietnamese food before - each plate was about 15 dollars - two spring rolls was 5 dollars and the two tea and one hot coffee was 15 dollars. The food like I said was pretty good tasting though but still pretty expensive right?

Well there wasn't really much service to speak of either - since we ordered and we picked it up ourselves. 

Overall this place is good for a quick meal and I guess if you don't mind paying a little more than usual for Vietnamese food then go right for it.
Get a rewards card before you order and you can save $1 on each dish you order! I had seafood noodle soup and shrimp spring rolls. The dip was so yummy. I couldn't get enough of it. The noodle soup was delicious as well. Great dining experience.
We wanted something more than a deli after the awesome penn and teller show. So this was a nice surprise! They were very nice at the counter and we have never had pho before so don't know what to compare it to. We got a locals and a total rewards discount so saved like $8. Yes the meat/seafood was scarce but it was yummy for 11 pm. Would we go back? Probably not unless we were at Rio. But overall good for a late date night spot ;)
I only gave this buffet a 1 because I could not give it a zero.  This was possibly the worst food I have ever had in my life.  All the food is from frozen entrees.  Nothing is fresh, even the salad is old bagged junk you could get at a food bank.  The price is $13.99 unless you have their card and then it's $9.99 and believe me you would be much better off going over to ANY fast food joint.  Mushy, soggy, bland, over heated food that looks like it has been sitting around for a long time is what you will be in for if you choose this buffet.  Pass...Please Pass on this one.
This was Terribles and just recently changed their name and had their grand opening. We were there for it and it really didn't seem like much as going on. They had a week long celebration of giveaways but after those were done nothing much happened during the week. 

It's off the strip but walking distance if you're up for that. However, to us it was not worth the trip. The casino was dark and didn't look very new or updated, however, I can't be a great judge of this since I had not been to it when it was Terribles. 

The only promotion for new players was $5 slot play. The had some newer machines but a lot were older and I had trouble getting my free play to work on them. We stayed and played our free play, threw in a few more bucks, and then headed back to the strip. Not worth a trip unless you happen to be driving by it.
I liked the place.  Not as much as the Boulder Hwy casinos, but it worked.  I'd consider staying here.  The buffet is not good, which is a shame; the setup seems pretty nice...the food just falls flat.
One of the world worst casinos ever!
First off, the Buffet was horrid! 
We wouldn't even eat there!
"I'll have some of the yeller!"
Then we ordered something to eat from the restaurant and OMG!  We ordered Bisquits and Gravy and when my husband got to the room...we thought it was joke!  All the "gravy" leaked all over!  So he had to take it back and then when then wouldn't refund it they gave us another one! And it as gross!  We didn't eat it all and had to take it to the trash out the hall.
Then, I got locked out of my room and although they made a copy of my ID...they wouldn't let me in because I didn't have my license!  The had me so mad I finally told them I'm calling the cops AND I just freaking on a stroke two weeks ago!  I was not happy!  Make it to my room (hellish version of The Shining) with Security and had to show them my ID.
2 towels and 1 shampoo....that's it!  
OH!  Also the freakin' pool closing at 8pm!  JEESH!  It's still 100 degrees here at 8pm!
One more thing:  you only get like 10 channels and 3 of them of ESPN!
This hotel was terrible, stay away if you don't want your trip ruined. The rooms are old and dirty just like the casino. We got a room that wasn't cleaned so they gave us a suite to make up for it. The suite was terrible and the air conditioning didn't work. We called maintenance but they never showed up. The room was old and besides the a/c not working, the shower drain was clogged, the coffee pot didn't work. It was 3 hours trying get a room, it was 2 a.m. before we crashed out of total exhaustion. No a/c was so hot and stuffy. There is no help with bags, there is no porters anymore, they got rid if them. I am handicapped and needed help. I had to put our bags on my wheel chair because I couldn't carry them. STAY AWAY!
Pros: helpful staff

Cons: old casino, bad food
The cafe old school Las Vegas coffee shop fare. Nice selection, fair prices. 

The slot machine player club units need to be replaced. Almost every touch screen is worn to the point of being unusable. If you intend to use your free slot play, you may have to bounce around to find a machine that will work. Also, you have to feed the machine at least your minimum bet in order to activate the free slot play. I don't like that. Many other systems let you play your freebies without feeding the machine. 

But for a value casino, not so bad. 

Doing Las Vegas old school on the cheap? Pop in here.
I wasn't staying here but came here July 4th. I have stayed here before when it was terribles. Ok let me just be 100% honest. This place is terribles but just with a new name. If a sign said terribles before then it says silver sevens now. Some new slots here and there and maybe they added some new tables but this is still just terribles. If you liked terribles (like I did) then you will like silver sevens. They have an awesome breakfast buffet and it's better than when it was terribles. The dinner buffet is why I give this place a 4 instead of 5. It's like you guys took a giant leap forward with the breakfast buffet and a giant leap backward with the dinner buffet. The burger at the buffet was garbage and not sure what type of mystery meat I was eating. Mashed potatoes were cold as Antarctica. Salad was dryer than the sahara desert. Please re train the cooks on the dinner shift. 

Silver sevens does always have free food and freebies to give out though. 

This is a locals casino for sure and I'm a tourist but I actually like to get off the strip and win! Silver sevens has super loose slots for sure. Your money will go a lot further here than it would at any of the strip casinos. Honestly my fellow tourist. I think you should all just take a left at ballys and walk over to silver sevens. It's not fancy but it's nice to win money unlike you do on the strip.

4/5 stars. Be back october 3-7 2013! See ya soon silver sevens
I come here when I have a free night and to play Bingo, I'm really an old 80 year old chain smoker at heart. Don't really expect anything less then what is presented, I wish they kept the old name though. Also I noticed the coffee shop had a C grade from the health department. Eeeek!! Buffet is small and the food quality isn't that great, but go for Sunday champagne brunch and drink to your hearts content!
I ended up having to stay in Vegas it a list minute deal and booked the room on line, I was more interested in cheep than anything else. I was very surprised at how nice the room was and after the fact I looked it up on yelp and was surprised at the ratings. All I can say is they must have just did a major renovation on it because it was very nice and very clean. They did unfortunately have hidden charges that didnt impress me so it gets a 4 .
Met a friend here the other day.  The hotel and recently been "converted" from Terrible's to this new concept.  By conversion I can only really see some different paint and a new marque out front.  The casino looks the exact same as before and so was the 24-hour cafe.  The cafe is ok, but DELICIOUS if you are coming from a bar...get what I mean??  The hotel hallway directly outside of the casino is nice, showing off some new sides, lighting, etc...but once you get around the back it still still pretty Motel 6ish.  The inside of the room was nice, good sized and a big tv so nothing negative to say about the room.  I think my friend said it was $50 or $60 for the room..BUT there was a $100 deposit for some reason.
Don't gamble here, the dealers are really rude.  It's dirty and lacks any air flow. 

Buffet is awful and full of food that tastes like it was previously frozen. I also felt pretty queasy after eating the shrimp. Just avoid, trek down to Main Street downtown.

Not really much more to say. It's the same price to gamble in this awful, rundown Vegas failure as it is at New York, New York or the Flamingo.

I know where I'd go.
this place is cool just to kill time was accross the street from the hotel i was staying in nothing to go out of your way for though
The exterior gives you and idea of what to expect inside. That being said if you want to place a quick sports bet without waiting in line, theres always available parking spots out front and the staff is always friendly.
I come to Vegas often and whenever O do a day trip, this is one of the places I choose. It has a free airport shuttle, the price is always right, and The rooms are decent.
No complaints w the food as I ate here when it was Terribles with no complaints. Staff has been nice to me and there is a shuttle to the strip or just a short bus ride away. If I wanted to stay on the strip, I would. 
There is a $3.00 charge when you check out but that's the cheapest fee I've paid staying at a Vegas hotel and the $100 deposit seems to be standard compared to most. 
A clean bed and a showed with some good customer service is the least I expect when I go somewhere and since I always get it here, it suits me fine. 
P.s. The Deuces wild is the best thing going for $2.99.
So you're looking for a place off the strip where you could find yourself a cheap room for a night or two, a good meal, and maybe a little bit of Vegas fun. Well, when this place was Terrible's Casino you probably could have gotten all that. Located a hop from the airport, close enough to the strip to see some action if you'd like, and a great "no-frills" deal for the economy minded or business traveler Terrible's was that. In the past year, though the Terrible Herbst company has drifted away from gambling establishments and sold to Affinity Gaming where Terrible's Hotel & Casino is now the Silver Sevens Resort.

Here's my review of the place when it was Terrible's:
http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=F4_zHEXU1p5E12A2o-5_ZQ&q=terribles

None of this is true anymore as they completely overhauled the establishment. Well, aside from the aesthetics. It's still looks like a Vegas local's spot with a tight casino ground floor and second story loft style area for dining, bingo, and a few more games. It's everything else that has changed.

Dining
One of Terrible's greatest appeals was it's dining deals. There were great $9.99 meal deals that included prime rib and a roasted half chicken. Graveyard specials included $2.99 bacon and eggs breakfast. The buffet at Terrible's wasn't the best but at affordable prices and the frequent BOGO tickets that could be found, the low price trumped the limited selection. These are all but a memory as prices have gone up and having a player's card only gets you $1 off. The graveyard specials are now limited to the single menu item and those wonderful $9.99 are gone completely. 

Hotel
For a reasonable price, Terrible's room were a great deal. On top of those wonderful secret "resort fees" that they tack on now (this is everywhere now), Silver Sevens now includes a $100 deposit to any stay! Keep in mind, this isn't just $100 for the room in which they will refund you (usually in 48 hours), this is ON TOP OF your room stay amount that they authorize for. The worst part is that they NEVER tell you this when you book the room. You just show up and they tell you this as you hand them your card and ID. If it's a slow night, be prepared to argue with the front desk supervisor about canceling your reservation without notice, too.

Amenities
Forget it, there are none. Even the WiFi in the rooms are no longer free. Which was a HUGE reason why I would stay there. If you're a gambler, drink wait times are excessive and the pool isn't heated. Can't say much about the room itself because I didn't want to drop the deposit. I will say that the location is great and close to everything. 

My $.02
Silver Sevens is a HUGE disappointment of what used to be a great hidden gem a city that's at the ready to gouge you of all your money. As a former local, I used to enjoy going there because it was a great deal. It was a great place for locals to enjoy some of what their city provides without obligating to the strip. Perhaps Silver Sevens is trying to re-brand and compete for the same market as their neighbors the Hard Rock. I don't know but it seems like Station Casinos or even Sam's Town might be the winner of this.

Giving the "new" Silver Sevens a 1 Star for the overall suck of the place now that it's not Terrible's. Which is a huge drop as compared to the 4 Stars I gave it's predecessor.
This is my third stay in this hotel in the past year.  I come here because it's close to UNLV, which is where I need to be.  I think that others who have posted reviews for this hotel are being overly critical.  To be honest, this isn't the hotel where I'd stay if I came to Vegas for a fun trip.  I'd pay a little more and stay at a hotel on The Strip.  This isn't where you come if you want to soak yourself in the excitement of Vegas.  This is a no-frills hotel and casino.  The pros about this place are that it's cheap, it's clean, there's some opportunity for playing the slots or table games, and the food is decent.  The cons are that more than half the rooms in the hotel overlook the hotel parking lot.  Looking out my own hotel window, I see a bunch of hotel employees sitting on a bench waiting for a bus to take them home after their shift.  It's a little depressing.  It reminds you that Vegas isn't exactly a never-ending party for everybody.  For these hotel employees, it's just a hard job that requires manual labor, and the pay isn't even good enough for them to afford a car to take them home.  

The hotel recently changed its name to this new name.  I suppose they changed management.  It used to be called Terrible's Hotel & Casino.  I prefer the old name.  Silver Sevens is a very generic name that means nothing significant and can be easily forgotten.  Nevertheless, the hotel is still the exact same as it was under the old name and ownership.  

I paid $21/night here, plus an additional $3/day as a "resort fee," which is still a term that I don't understand.  They say that covers the cost of using the pool (which I won't be doing because it's too cold), and the parking lot (which used to be free, so why are they charging money for it now?).  It does not cover the cost of internet.  There is wifi here, but it costs $4.99/day.  

My overall impression: This is a good hotel to stay for business, but not for pleasure.
*** I ONLY CAME HERE FOR THE FOOD. DID NOT STAY HERE! ***

THAT being said, this review is for the steak and eggs special....

OH. My. God. SO. delicious. @_____@@@ Steak was SUPPER good, eggs were phenomenal, but what you really need to get is the whipped potato and gravy on the side....

I died.

I might have been drunk, but gdi that was the BEST steak and BEST mashed potato I've ever eaten. Really nice waitress as well. It's hard to be chipper at 5AM :P
Well I've been to eat at their cafe twice now and it was easily the worst service I've ever had the second time. The four separate individuals who attempted to serve us got very confused as to who was handling what and as a result I never got a refill for the table's sodas/beers or got a chance to ask for things like ketchup or jam and we ended up grabbing them off other dirty tables nearby. 

When my server-one of them- came for our drink orders, I asked what beers they had on tap. she told me none, so I asked for the bottled beers list. She answered "I dunno, Bud Lite, Budweiser, there's a lot." She literally threw up her hands and shrugged. She did not know how much it was a beer and said "Something like that," when we asked if it would cost more or less than $5. It was like pulling teeth, it's a shame that these people have jobs when there are way less lazy homeless people out there. 

I ordered eggs over easy which came fully cooked in the center and were served with cold bacon and rye toast. The toast came out well. My bf got the chicken fried steak, which is pretty tasty, but the check was dropped with the meals and no one offered us refills despite the fact that my boyfriend made a point to ask twice. We wanted to get dessert and split the check, but it seemed like they really, REALLY didn't feel like up selling that day. 

We flagged someone down finally to order dessert, got gross mushy apple pie which they claim is made fresh every day. Well, I've had better pie at McDonalds. It was gross and if they are really baking these fresh they should stop now and invest in some Sara Lee frozen crap because it's better tasting than their pie.

My buddy picked up the check rather than try to get these geniuses to split the check properly. I've never even seen such an I-Don't-Give-A-Crap attitude from someone at work before. There are people who are unemployed who would love an opportunity to give great service and get a good tip, but the people employed at the Silver Sevens cafe clearly don't care at all. 

Finally we got a manager and complained and he just took off the cost of the pie and apologized. Him and the very sweet hostess who seated us were the only good things in the place. I miss Terribles. This never would have happened when it was Terribles.
I am super impressed with the renovated Premium rooms in the hotel. These are not suites but rooms that have been renovated. The Tower rooms have not been renovated. It's off the strip, so I'm reviewing accordingly.

There was a surprise $100 DEPOSIT at the front desk, so make sure you have that before checking in. It's hefty, but I bet it's sort of a "sketch deterrent" practice since the room prices are so low.

The staff was super professional and genuinely friendly. Hotel check-in is located at Guest Services, and you can sign up for the Player's Club as you check in. No free play, but there is a $5 slot play coupon in the room.

Spacious, ridiculously comfortable bed, clean, and nice. Huge pool. Ample parking, no problem at all.

I booked this room on a winter weekday on Hotels.com at around 4 PM with the last minute specials for $20 with a $4 resort fee. Most cheap spots in Vegas have exorbitant resort fees. The Silver Sevens is reasonable.

The elevator was nearly impossible to find on my wing, so they could use a sign. Ask for directions.

This spot is rad, even for double the price. Stay here. I'm very happy to give them an updated and upgraded review!
This was the first time that I have been in Silver Sevens Hotel since it changed names from Terrible's.  I didn't gamble and only came here for lunch at the buffet with a client.  The parking is always easy and plentiful.  They seemed to have made a few changes and it seems brighter than before.  

But, the buffet to me was uninspiring and not so good.  But, that is for a different review.
2 words: BED BUGS! 
I got a room here New Year's Eve. I paid  $141 for the room. Insane considering the bites I took home with me. I slept all night in a bed in room 1171. Unaware that I would be bitten 12 times by bed bugs in my very interrupted nights sleep. Partially because I was being intermittently bitten, and partially because the jerks in the rooms next door ON BOTH SIDES  had their TVs on what sounded like full blast all night long. (Or the walls are just literally that thin.) 
We went to check out in the morning. I told the woman at the front desk about the bug I found crawling in my bed when I woke up in the morning. She said "what?" So I repeated myself a bit louder. She acted like she was going to refund me for the room. She told us we were good to go. We left for home. I called the "hotel" later that day to find out when I should expect the money to be refunded. The assistant manager called me back. He's a gem. Let me tell you. He said he had terminex come out and they didn't find anything. Right. That's fine. I took a photo of the little bugger for your viewing pleasure.
We stayed at the silver sevens hotel because we got an offer in the mail for 2 comp. nights and 2 free buffets, I was hesitant about it because I had never stayed there before and it's not exactly a 5 star hotel, but we made our reservations anyways. We got there a bit early and when we checked in the lady that helped us was very nice and professional. We got to our room on the 1st floor and the room was clean, spacious, quiet and everything was working just fine, we got a premium room, they are freshly renovated. I would stay again at this hotel. Buffet was good but very limited, but it was free, can't complain. Yes I would come back.
My mom and her crews stompin growns! The OGs still call it Terribles. To me its like any other locals casino. No glitz or glamour at all! They have a good members playing card. Lots of benefits if you come here often. I dont think my husband or I would ever stay here but my mom swears by the suites. Parking is easy. A few blocks from the strip.   

Played some money here but didn't get any wins. Maybe we'll get lucky next time?!?!
Had a an hour before an appointment and stopped here to drop a few bucks in a slot machine to kill some time.

I have not been since the change over but at Terribles I had good luck there.  Never even got a chance to try.  The casino stinks of old smoke...it's like walking inside an old ashtray.

The kicker is there was not ONE ATM that worked on the floor I checked 6 and all of them said disabled or ATM not working.  That is awful....how can you gamble if you can't get any money?  I asked a floor person if they knew where there was a working ATM?  She pointed to some of the ones  checked but after I told her those were broken..she walked away and disappeared.

Bad service, can't get any cash...what kind of casino is this...not even third rate..
We stayed here because I had a comp room,  dining credit and free slot play.  The room was spooky.  We were on the ground floor with a noisy air conditioner,  No facial tissues in the holder and a used towel hanging on the back of the bathroom door! 
The breakfast buffet more than made up for it!  Enjoyed the fresh pineapple, cantaloupe,  honeydew, oatmeal,  cream of wheat,  pancakes,  omelettes,  crispy bacon,  etc. I was too full to get cold cereal and crepes; and was too late for the fresh strawberries.  YUM! !
The gambling was great!  I swiped my Players card for a bonus $10 for my birthday which totaled $25 in free play.  The five cent video poker machine turned it into $30 cash!  Then I tried the progressive five cent poker machine on the wall. ..hit four aces with a kicker & walked away with $100 profit! 
Thanks for the free room,  free food and cash!  I had a great time!
We ate at the S7 buffet on a Tuesday evening for $9.72 (with the a-play club card, it is 8.99/person, but we also had a bogo coupon)

- The cost of the buffet without a card is 11.99. It took a while to get a players card bc the guest service line to check in the hotel is the same as their players card line.
- There was nothing appetizing at their international buffet. I don't say this much but it was mediocre at best! I do value price vs quality and comparing it to feast which is the exact same price for dinner, feast buffet wins by a long shot. Even Hometown buffet is no match compared to this place. The quality of the food takes first place for being the worst. 
- I didn't bother trying to eat much since almost of their entrees looked unappealing. The prime rib was recooked so many times that there was no longer texture and just felt like mushed meat. Their fresh fried chicken tasted like microwaved banquet. Their soups and gravy had a nice thick coat at the top layer proving it has been unattended for a long time. Haha. 
- I can go on about their tacos, Chinese food and dessert, but their only deeming quality would be their friendly service. Fast drinks. 
- After just getting one plate, I decided not to get anymore. I did try their ice cream machine to make a root beer float but it was a complete disaster. Maintenance was working on a leak that was from the root beer while I was getting my soft serve. The I cream literally came out in small clumps, which seemed that I had to pump the handle for anything to come out. Haha
- Even for the value, I wouldn't recommend this buffet to anyone. A meal for 2 at a favorite fast food is a better option. That's good that they changed it from terribles to silver seven bc they truly fooled me! Haha
Stayed here for a 3-day weekend. I'm so happy I booked in advance because this place seems to be a popular choice. 

Affordable prices. ($82/2 nights+$100 deposit-read the fine print, folks...it's there).

My customer service experience at check in was nice. The guy was fast, friendly, and gave good directions. Even complimented my husbands fine beard! (;

Clean room (Non-smoking premium 2 Queen)
Comfortable bedding/bed-pillows be like oh.my.gosh.
Ample parking.
Within walking distance to the Strip (which I wouldn't recommend doing if you're wearing heels) ah, lesson learned. 
Elevator was squeaky and scary...no lie. Flickering lights and all. 

We had 4 people to our room and it was definitely space friendly. Wish the bathroom was slightly bigger, but it was more than accommodating. However, the shower head was very low and water pressure sucked! I specifically loved how many tables we had in the room for all our junk. Plus, a nice wall mirror to assist in getting ready for a night out! 

Aside from the not so pretty view, I would definitely stay here again! 

Side note: This was mine and The Beards first time in Vegas so no comment on this particular buffet, or casino. We wanted to experience all the glitz and glamour the Strip had to offer.
We only visited the buffet thanks to 2:1 coupon.   Went there for lunch on a Thursday about 11:30 and found the friendly staff in probably all of Vegas!  They were amazing.  There was no line to seating was speedy.

As for the buffet, it's only $8 for lunch so you get what you pay for.  Not a ton of choices, but I did like the fact the had frozen yogurt instead of ice cream.  Fairly standard meat section with a handful of other items.  All their food was as you would except for an $8 buffet.  However, for 2 people at lunch, $8 was perfect!  We will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
I wen to the Coffee Shop for dinner. I had the 16 oz country fired steak for $9.99. It was huge. was pepared just right and the country gravey was very good. The potatoes and vegetable we ery well prepared too. The 16 oz portion, the have an 8 oz for $2.00 less, was big enough that I took over half of it home. Country Fried Steak and eggs make a gr8 breakfast. One delimiter, the service was terrible! All in all I will ge going back and I want to try the Buffet. The Buffet has stuffed green peppers, one of my favorites.
Had I read the reviews before staying  there I never would've chose that hotel but I didn't find it to be as bad as the review I did find the limited cable channels they sold more movies but I did enjoy my stay I found them to be kind and courteous I don't think I would do it again though I will return to the Bellagio. Room service was great!
There was plenty of tables available but the lady at the counter was super slow. So, I was with family before heading south to California. I seen the sign that said $7.77 buffet. WRONG what that means you get $7.77 if you have the members club card. Ok no biggie I paid an extra $2.00 no problem. Then I went to eat first stop salad. They had dark green salad which was happy about. Then the story goes bad from here. The salad had next to nothing for topping. I was able to get some olives and cheddar cheese. No bacon bits, no sun follower seeds no tomatoes no red cabbage. Salad bar sucked. I got through the salad then went to get something to eat. The only thing really interesting was the taco bar which was ok but rather limited. The meat was super salty and the extras where far and few. Then finally I went to try out the pizza. It was wood fire but then I ate it there was way too much cheese on the pizza and the sauce was sweat. Seriously who puts sweat tomato sauce on pizza? That pretty much did it for me with this buffet. I will spend the extra next time before heading home. It is good if you want to just scavage but for a satisfactory meal I will pass.
Just stayed here 12/28 and I must say i was impressed for the price. I used kayak and got a great deal on a room 80$ a night! The gambling floor is laid out nicely and I always was able to jump
In. I would defiantly stay here again.
DO NOT STAY HERE!! I was unfortunate enough to stay here last week. While we were sleeping a guy broke into my room and took most my belongings. I notified Hotel desk and security no more than 5 minutes later. Later that day when i asked about the matter I was informed that they could not give me any information, and to contact my own personal insurance and or lawyer. Almost a week later after numerous Phone calls and messages I have still not received a call back or new information on the case..
I was very impressed with this hotel!! This is a true case of " don't judge a book by its cover"! Living in Las Vegas for 15+ years and staying on the strip on multiple of occasions I was very optimistic about staying at this hotel. Given the location and the appearance from the outside! Boy was I wrong. The rooms are very big and updated! Love the theme! I felt I was at the beach with the color schemes. The only reason I'm not giving this rating 5 stars is because the size of the bathroom and the nosies the toilet made once it was flushed. The size of the bathroom was very small.  Not much room to maneuver , beside that it was a very nice room . The staff was really nice! Housekeeping was very on point when we asked for extra towels!! I recommend it for anyone who would like to stay at a very nice hotel at a low cost! It's doesn't have the fancy strip feeling but it is very well kept! Most definitely staying here again.
I came here for my bday because it was the cheapest lol they rooms where nice and clean but the walls are thin and all night i could here the people upstairs walking back and forth.  The gambling was ok and won a lil money back.  This would not be my first choice to stay but overall for the price everything was great.
For the most part, you'll find me in casinos on the Strip battling it out but when I want to play for FUN and not put serious $$money on the tables, I find myself relegating to small local casinos not far from the Strip and this one is very close, about a mile away.

I have mixed views about this place. For one thing, a lot of people who frequent this casino just don't have any sense of fashion. Second of all, and this is a big complaint, at the Sportsbook, you can't have a seat and catch a game without feeling that you're sitting besides a homeless person who hasn't showered in a month. For some strange reason, it appears sports bettors are not given priority in being able to sit first. I'm very social and I like to give people the benefit of the doubt but come on, the lack of personal hygiene of your fellow man can be repulsive.

Now there are positives. The dealers are pretty cool, the pit bosses are very welcoming and some even greet you with a smile. They easily comp you for their buffet or restaurant cafe which can be found upstairs. The casino floor is well laid out and small to navigate so for the few cuties that stop in once in a while in high heels, it shouldn't be an issue. There is plenty of parking close by so step out, grab your ride and go to your next spot. For me, I usually hit the clubs on the Strip when I'm done here playing poker.

The atmosphere is local, the attitude is local so keep that in mind if you're coming to Silver Sevens from out of town. I have never stayed here for the night so I can't speak for their rooms and their amenities it includes. All taken into consideration, I will still drop by this little casino and pass some time
I'll make this review short and to the point.

* The water from the toilet was constantly running. All night.
* The AC was NOT working (Hint: Vegas is hot).
* There was slack in our room door. That meant every time someone nearby closed/slammed theirs; it caused it caused ours to make a loud clunk.
* The people directly above us walked very loudly and heavily (at all hours of the night)...
* ...Which caused the guest next door to scream his lungs out to tell them to be quiet.
* The pool started playing some loud crappy music at 9AM.
* The sheets feel like cardboard. I guess they've never heard of softener?

We got there late and really needed the rest. Unfortunately we were just as tired leaving this place. You've been warned.
Great crack head hang out spot!!! If your into shooting smack, sleeping with hookers and being a all around filthy human being.. This is definitely the place for you! Horrible staff, even worse bartenders and cocktail waitresses. I've been robbed there twice. This place is great!!
As a writer and reviewer in the adult industry, attendance at the annual Adult Expo at the Hard Rock is mandatory. Staying at the Hard Rock, however, is optional. The last three years, I have stayed at Silver Sevens and have been pleased with the service and accommodations. The rooms are modest but spacious, and amenities like coffee machines, and irons and ironing boards, are a phone call away. 

I was particularly pleased with the security available. Upon request, I was issued a safe deposit box at the cashier's cage to secure my valuables like my laptop computer and silver cuff links. I was issued the key to the box, which can only be opened with the traditional two-key protocol. When I wanted to access the box -- which can be done anytime day or night, the cage never closes -- I would present my key and sign for access. There is NO EXTRA CHARGE for this.

I also like the Deuces Wild breakfast at the café. Two eggs, two pancakes, two sausage links, $2.99. Beverage extra. If you order coffee they bring you a pot. One immutable rule of trade shows is to start your day with a good breakfast, because you don't know when you're going to eat again. Deuces Wild does the trick nicely.

If you're looking for a pleasant, affordable place to stay in Las Vegas, Silver Sevens is an excellent choice.
I was told once, "There are two things that casinos don't have, clocks and mirrors".  A clock, so you don't know what time it is; and a mirror so you don't see how bad you look, after long hours of gambling. lol THIS casino did have a mirrors!  Unfortunately, we did not stay the night here... but, since this location was so close to our hotel, we kept coming back here to eat and gamble. I liked this casino, because our chances of winning on the slots were so much greater than going to those big fancy casinos.  The hotel we stayed did not have a casino, and no restaurant; it was boring and bland. And the review on the hotel we did stay, coming soon.  

I was playing Texas Hold'em, I believe it was called limited. I've always played with family, without rules, 1st time playing with strangers and rules, I was really nervous. BUT, Michael and the other dealer was both patient with me, and were teaching me as we go. They suggested I get a players card and explained how that worked. So being around a bunch of strangers, I felt so comfortable, and I completely blended with them. In no time, I felt like a pro! :)

We went to a wedding in downtown Vegas, then after the wedding, hung out and played in multiple different casinos. My mother, who loves to gamble, wanted to go back to Silver Seven casino.  Towards the evening when we were going back to our room, she suggested, "how about we stop at the Silver Seven and try our luck again. That's the only hotel where I was actually winning." So, guess what, we came back to Silver Seven after 2:00 am that evening.

The next morning, after we checked out of our hotel, we went back to Silver Seven for breakfast and continued to gamble.   

The only negative thing about this place is all the smoking in the Casino.  Unfortunately, there was no section available for those who are non-smokers. 2nd hand smoke is just as bad as taking a hit yourself.  Additionally, getting into the parking was a bit tricky.  It felt like a long drive to get into the driveway when the guest parking was in the front.
I'm a Vegas local who has a mom who likes to play BINGO when she's in town.  She says Silver Sevens (used to be Terrible's, used to be Continental) is the most friendly, fun and LUCKY place in the city to play bingo. 

 I've never played bingo in my life, but my wife and I accompanied Mom and I have to say..... it was charming, clean, well run and Mom hit a bingo for $110.   

I'm not sure Mom realizes her chances of winning in a SMALL room increase BIG time.  Maybe a lot of other people don't either....cozy room had about 50 players at 7pm.  

I got a little lucky at video poker too.   We'll be back:)
Too bad!!! So fucking baseness！we booking this hotel a room, the first price is $148, when we check out they deduction
$211！！ they didn't  tell you, if we do not check our bank account, we did not know !
Great service!
Saw a bug (the indestructible r-type) in my shower. Otherwise clean
This review is for the casino portion only. After walking around, the first thing that came to mind was that why would anybody want to  stay here. Let me explain.

I came here for two reasons. One was to check out their $7.77 special in the Sterling Spoon Cafe which consists of Half a Rack of Ribs and 10 hot wings which sounds like a good deal. The second reason was to go check out a comedy show on the same floor.

As we leave our car in the parking lot, we make our way to the front entrance. Just right before that there is a drop off section for cars to go through. Watch out for idiots that are not paying attention for you might get run over. The exhaust from cars passing by was overwhelming. Since it was really hot outside, we were happy to enter an air conditioned building. Not.

As soon as we walk in, we were literally ran into a wall of cigarette smoke from all the smokers playing at the tables and slots right as you enter. I take back the overwhelming exhaust from outside for the smoke inside was an understatement. 

After eating at the cafe and watching the comedy show, I just wanted to get out of there before I contracted lung cancer. Memo to new owners of this place. You may have changed the name but the sickening environment is still the same. I literally had to keep my windows down in my car as we drove home so I can try to get the cigarette smoke off of my clothes.

So for those of you that are in search of good food deals, this is not the place for the mediocre food does not make up for the health hazards that you are exposed to. Defintiley not coming back to this piece of dump establishment. Based off of this, I can only imagine how horrible the hotel rooms might be.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #137 "New name, same dump"
my boyfriend and i stayed there last weekend. our first time at this hotel. i thought the room was clean and spacious. the smell in the hall of chemicals from cleaning the carpets lasted the whole weekend. it was not pleasant. i'd suggest water steam cleaning. food was good at the hotel. the smoke was bad. at checkout i had to step outside, felt like i couldn't breathe, and i was only downstairs maybe 15 min tops the night before. and i don't have asthma or a cough. 
the pool area was nice, but beware of the chemicals. the hot tub wasn't bubbling but we popped in it. the chemical smells again were nasty. you could feel it on your skin. we didn't stay in it. after cleaning ourselves off we were driving home the next day and we still smelled the chemicals on our skin. it ruined my new swimsuit. it still smells like chemicals after 3 washings (one in vinegar to try to rid of the smell). it took a couple days for our skin to return to normal. that is just not healthy. we paid $40 for 'resort fees' for our stay to have that happen?
staff was nice. i asked for a blanket one evening (none on the bed) and was told they don't have any. never got one the whole time i was there. luckily had a comforter in the car i dragged up into the room.
good deal, yes, but not sure i'd stay there again for these reasons.
For the hotel portion this place truly wins the badness award. Long laundry list of things. Toilet clogged, food sucked something fierce(not even Mac and cheese on the buffet), water pressure uber sucked, shower head was like a trickle, hot tub didn't work, the list goes on an on. Long story short, you get what you pay for. Never staying in this hotel again. You guys really do suck, I'm not even sorry. First bad review I ever left too. So be happy silver seven, you earned it to the fullest.
I've had a few visits to this property over the years under both the current and previous owners, and based on what I've seen, it hasn't really changed much, with the exception of maybe removing the McDonald's inside and rebranding with a new name.  I recall it being one of the first properties I visited on my first trip to Vegas a decade ago, so I'll always be fond of it.

The buffet was excellent, and the mainstream restaurant kicked out the biggest slabs of prime rib I think I've ever had.  

The little convenient store in the middle of the casino was always good about letting you pay for merchandise with comp points/dollars.  There always seemed to be a huge selection of beer available for it being a convenient store.

I had a one night stay in one of the standard rooms in the original tower, ground floor.  It seemed to be a step up from a Super 8 or maybe an Econo Lodge, but nothing too extravagant.  My stay was comped, but I've seen very good pricing here if you're paying for rooms.  I've heard that the newer tower and the jacuzzi suites are a bit nicer.

The check in desk area was a bit convoluted, as it seemed to be right smack dab in a corner of the mainstream casino floor.  Usually best to leave your bags in the car until after check in to avoid the madness.

There have always been a good amount of local patrons in the casino, many with interesting stories to tell.

Definitely worth considering if you're looking to stay near the Strip without paying high prices (it's within walking distance), and it's directly across the street from the Hard Rock.
Staying here, eating here, even gambling here is laden in process. The check-in for the hotel is also the guest service counter for the casino, so it takes a while to do anything. Getting a seat to eat at the cafe is an ordeal, even when it's not very full.
On the positive side, the hotel, though dated, is incredibly inexpensive. My wife and I crashed for the night with four grandkids, and the two rooms only ran, well, I probably shouldn't even say.
Also, their deuces wild pancake breakfast with meat and two eggs only runs $2.99. I was surprised with how good it was.
Overall,a very good deal, but the service end needs work. Everybody was polite, but the system needs work.
I only went here for the buffet but from what I've seen in this casino, everything is equally mediocre.The buffet itself was tiny compared to most casino buffets with only three and a half stations to really choose from. Everything tasted over-cooked and flavorless except for their beef brisket which was pretty good. The service was slow but friendly. The overall experience was pretty "meh" for me. Would I be returning? Only if I had a casino comp. Otherwise no, spend your money elsewhere.
Stayed here for 3 nights.  Here's a real quick breakdown:

Pros:
Clean and spacious room
Decent pool, deepest it goes is 4.5 ft I think.
Shuttle to the strip 4x a day, but that's also a con.

Cons:
TV didn't work
No fridge in room
Distance from strip
Thin walls.  Our experience was we could actually hear someone snoring in the next room.
Few people working the front desk, which means longer waits.


We stayed here to try and save some money, but ended up paying more for taxis anyway (and who doesn't love getting Vegas history lessons from taxi drivers?), so next time we'll just stay somewhere on the strip.  It's just more convenient and I would advise you to do the same, unless you're driving.  It's not a bad stay, but I wouldn't stay here again unless I had no other choice.
This review is for the casino itself , and it not that great ! I really wanted this place to be better after it's rebranding , but it's really gone down hill , I think they alienated their core customers , which are locals. after all we are the ones that keep this place in business after everyone goes home ! Whoever does their casino marketing really needs to be fired ! There really is no reason to gamble your hard earned money away anymore , other than to get comped at their crappy restaurants & as it is , if you do wander  into their restaurants for whatever reason the prices are pretty cheap to begin with, so dropping some cash into their machines is kind of a moot point !  Before there were point multipliers during the week which you really didn't mind dropping a 100$ or so , because you were earning part of your money back in free play , points or could use them to buy beer , cigarettes or crap in the sorry ass gift shop ! But now the only point multipliers are on weekends , which as any local knows , you just stay away from the strip area if you can on fri, sat sun !! I play here out of habit , but like so many others I'm over it !! there are no familiar faces of my fellow locals anymore , it's basically just a rest stop for hookers and other malcontents during the week with the occasional tourist that got rooked into booking a room there!! It used to have a fun vibe , but whoever is running the place now must have a no smile policy , because everyone that works there looks like they hate their job or are looking over their shoulder because they are afraid of getting fired or f@&king up !! I'll still go here every now and again , but for rewards and to drop some of my cash , I'm going over to a few of the other local haunts , where I feel my patronage is appreciated !!
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. By far the worst experience I have ever had in Vegas. 

Typically hotels in Vegas are known for being extremely catering to their guests. This was not the case. Plus the whole hotel looks like absolute crap filled with the scummiest people. 

Next, my room was absolutely filthy. There were piss stains running down the toilet to the ground, it also smelled like someone died in my room. The bed felt like I should have brought a black light and possibly a hazmat suit. Best part about my room was the AC actually working, but the shower/tub looked like someone had just washed their cars undercarriage in it. The towels felt like sand paper and were barely large enough to be considered bath towels....more like hand towels. Getting a cab is nearly impossible since no where does it say you are required to tell the front desk to call a cab or just call it yourself, since they don't employ someone at the entrance to wave cabs for you. Their room service isn't insanely over priced like most Vegas hotels, but there's a reason for that, everything tastes like it had been made 24-48 hours earlier.

Lastly and most importantly, after surviving 3 nights in this dump, I was brushing my teeth the following morning when I noticed a fairly large cockroach scamper across the sink.

After all this I literally slept at my friends hotel the final night to avoid puking in my own mouth or getting some rare form of malaria.

If I told you how much I paid to stay at this sh*thole, you would kick me in the d*ck for being such a dumbass. 

In the end I feel like I got raped for my hard earned cash just so I could save a little. Definitely learned my lesson and going to spend the extra cash to stay at a real hotel next time.
Each room in this luxury country house hotel has a very different character, and all are very luxurious, almost to the point of being over the top. You'll feel very pampered after a stay here. The staff are very helpful and attentive, without ever being too 'in your face'.
The hotel restaurant, 'Rhubarb' is very glamorous. The service is excellent and the food wonderful.
This awesome new cocoa bar & cafe just opened in February. According to the John Lewis website, they'll be opening more in other locations, but Edinburgh has the first. I stopped in with my husband and we each had a fancy drinking chocolate (salted caramel for me, chilli chocolate for him) and shared a brownie. Everything was delicious. Decadent, rich and really enjoyable on a rainy & dreary day! 

They have a varied cafe menu with more than just chocolatey treats, but we'll have to try those options another time. This is quite the departure from the usual cafe/tea room you find in department stores and I'll definitely be back. Yum.
Great addition to JL and the cafe is more spacious than it first appears. Also, worth noting that if you can't be bothered schlepping to Frederick St for Hotel Chocolat then all your needs are met in the store within the cafe here! 

So, came here on the promise of GF griddle cakes. There are GF options (savoury as well as sweet) and they are marked as such on the menu so kudos here.

I had a salted caramel hot choc - lovely and could definitely taste the salted caramel. It probably wasn't my best choice though as chocolate on chocolate is too much for me.

The griddle cakes were good! Like a pancake and slightly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, they were yum. Two generous helpings of chocolate spread were provided, as was a little round of cocoa nib butter. The slight saltiness of the butter with cocoa through it was lovely. The chocolate spreads were great too but hence the reason I'd avoid my drink being chocolate when I have this dish again as it was together, all too much sweetness for me (and I am all over the sweet stuff).

So the decor is all dark wood and chocolate tones and staff are friendly and helpful. Despite it being a Saturday, it was fairly quiet (a good thing) so more than happy to return :-)
I first tried some Hotel Chocolat products last year when a friend bought me some yummy caramel chocolate buttons. Since then I've been in love with their products, (although I must admit I've only tried a few things due to the price), so when I found out there was a Hotel Chocolat cafe in the John Lewis in Edinburgh I knew I had to visit. 

The cafe is located at the back of the store on the third floor so I imagine it doesn't get a lot of passing trade and it wasn't overally busy on the afternoon we visited. Now I didn't know before, but all the chocolate is made on site which means the place smells delicious. You can see the chocolate machine turning, and the beans being ground which is a nice touch. 

The counter is displayed with an assortment of yummy chocolate and cake like treats, including croissants, brownies, crispy cake, pastries, popcorn - it all looked delicious. Theres also a menu of main courses and an all day refuel menu. The main options, to name a few include - mac and cheese pie, cocoa dogs and a power brunch - each with chocolate in the recipe - white chocolate mash anyone? 
The all day refuel menu has some more breakfast inspired options included chocolate granola and muesli or toasts with chocolate spreads. 

Being the chocolate lover I am, I was truly spoiled for choice, but we opted to split the Vegetarian Cocoa Dogs with a Cocoa Balsamic Glaze which had a beer infused dressing on the side, and the Chocolate Brownie with icecream and chocolate sauce. 

I also love my tea so I opted for a Cocoa Infused Tea which smelt and tasted delicious with delicate chocolate undertones. They have a fab selection of teas, coffees and hot chocolates! Our teas arrived swiftly but the food did seem to take a while to arrive but was brought out by the chef which did suggest it was all made on site and had been lovingly plated up. 

The veggie dogs were very tasty with a sweet and sticky coating that didn't immediately taste chocolately although the dressing on the side was a bit unusual for my tastes. The menu stated this came in a bun which could be swapped for white choc mash, but it came in what was more like a toasted ciabatta style roll which was tasty all the same. The brownie was the star of the show - the perfect brownie not too cakey or fudgey and the 70% chocolate dressing really intensified the chocolate hit. 

Its not the cheapest place and the veggie dog at £7 did seem a bit expensive, but most of the other options were reasonable, especially compared to the price of other Hotel Chocolat goodies. I'd definitely like to go back and sample more of the tasty treats, but do hope they decide to open one in Glasgow!