After an awesome experience with Lo-lo's, I thought I'd expand my horizon by trying out other soul food places in the area.

Bobby C's seem like a cool bar....but unfortunately, it wasn't so cool a place for dinner.  

We ordered fried catfish, fried chicken and country fried steak.  They came with sides of dirty rice, corn bread, green beans, collard greens and mac & cheese.  All the fried stuff were decently crispy, but somewhat unseasoned and not particularly memorable.  

The sides stood out more...but not in a good way.Rarely do I wish that a restaurant would use Kraft's blue box for the Mac & Cheese, but in this case it would have been an improvement.  The "fresh" green beans has the distinct taste of a tin can.  Corn muffin was dry.  

It'll be hard to get me to stray from Lo-lo again
If you ain't out lookin for Bobby C's, well, Bobby C just ain't gonna come lookin for you.

We all wanna talk about 'hidden gems', and such heavy words are so lightly thrown, but Bobby C's is definitely worth scavenging around downtown for a sample of their southern soul food.

A few months have passed since that visit and I can still sense the taste of their gravy topped chicken fried steak with a side of potato salad and dirty rice.  Christ, is that making your mouth drown in yearn?  They've got all the other fixins as well ... smothered pork chops, fried chicken, hot wings, catfish, fried shrimp, meat loaf, collard greens, candied yams, black eyed peas, green bean ... they EVEN have a vegetarian platter (my gf jumped on that grenade for NO reason as she's only about a 60-40 veggie -- but chose the wrong time to sway to the green side.  Um.)

The bar itself is limo-dark and festive near the end of proper happy hour time.  We got there about 6 or 6:30 and we were three of about 8 people in there.  By the time we left the dining area and most of the bar was full.  We got Miller Lites cos that how we were rollin this day, I suppose, and we even got to smoke a square in the parking lot with our waitress who was all fired up about something to do with her ex.  She was a badass.

They've got live music nights too and what seems to be a semi-formal jazz-supper club.  How they are crushing all of these dynamics into such a tiny space is kind of wondrous.  I couldn't really peg this place properly, so I'm just gonna go ahead and give it another go.  One thing I AM certain of, is this place is leagues better than neighborhood giant Mrs. White's Golden Rule.
I'm always the only white guy in here, so that alone can be frightening at times, but one thing you can count on is good music, a good strong drink, and a friendly crowd. The place has a lot of atmosphere and culture, and is very sociable. You will definitely meet a few cool folks if you hang out here long enough.
Good food and better music ... A great hang out place... I wont certainly recommend it for a 3 course dinner or such, but definitely a great place to get together with some of your good ol'd buddies... And yeah, chicken wings are awsome !!
Fried catfish, side of red beans and rice, along with the yams please. This place never fails to take me back home to Louisiana. The atmosphere is laxed, and for the most part have either a DJ or live music. Order a few drinks while you wait for the grub...the bartenders are point with adding more than enough alcohol. This place is really hidden so keep an eye out.
This place reminds me of all hangout places ('katta' in Marathi, my local language!) that we used to go to, back in the day in India... owners, and in general everyone that comes here, are very friendly... food is decent, though I have never gone to this place for food as such... 

I was going through some reviews here and found that people didn't like to have dinner here... but the problem is not with the restaurant... the real problem is that some people just don't distinguish essence of different places... there are some places where you go to eat and never should care about the ambiance if you really wish to enjoy the food... because the essence of some places is a well prepared food and not ambiance... and some vice-versa... Bobby C's is exactly a place where I don't give a damn whether the preparation is A+ Italians quality with A+ British Victorian class silverware... this, to me, is a place to sit down and relax, listen to some jazz/r&b or similar... hear people sing on karaoke... refresh my soul and mood and get some snoring sleep afterward... 

that's what this place is to me... a place where I can be with my friends or fiancee, never worry about pockets-picker-rates-menus or same old songs played over and over again till you die of boredom, enjoy some cool music and warm people... to those who hail from India or similar countries where college going students still hang out at 'kattas' with their same-sex friends and don't make fuss of a-be-in-a-relation-or-else-you are-a-gay syndrome, this place is a true american version of 'katta' ..

(dang, I miss my college days back in India !)
We decided to stop for a bite at Bobby C's tonight before we went to Symphony Hall via Metro Rail. It's right across from the Washington and 12th Street station. 

The staff were all super friendly and told us that times had been hard during construction, but that now things are so good, they are also open for lunch. They have live music quite often- jazz, Latin jazz, and blues.

It took quite a while for our food to come out, but it was really good when it arrived. The mac & cheese was among the best we've had in town, and my Southern fried chicken was four large whole wings with a super savory coating. Totally delicious! They also have a veggie plate- your choice of any 3 of their sides. Hubby had the black-eyed peas (loved 'em!), the yams (sweet and yummy) and mashed potatoes (tasted like boxed to me). They also serve the muffins my husband remembers from his many years  in the South- really sweet and tender like a cross between corn muffins and white cake. The iced tea was really fresh. 

Somebody tell John V. he doesn't have to be scared anymore. Bobby C's is definitely on the map, and he won't be "the only white guy in here" anymore.
Update:

I don't mind $8.5 for wings as that is about average for a dozen wings. But when I get them and there are only 6, I'm never coming back to your restaurant. $17 for a dozen buffalo wings? HA! What the hell are you guys thinking?
Went to Bobby C's last night and had a pretty good time.  Its a little hard to find when traveling down Washington, but I think that makes it a little bit more awesome.

The place is kinda small and quaint and has some cool little tables to sit at...pretty much what I thought of seeing at a place that is supposed to have decent southern food.  Apparently they have live music that plays every now and then, so I'm likely to go back for that.

The staff is great and the food is just about as I had imagined - awesome.  I didn't grow up in the south, but when I get a chance to eat some authentic southern food, I am all about it.  My friend mentioned (she swears she wasn't complaining) that the po-boy was served with the wrong bread, but I thought it looked pretty good.  I had some chicken fried stead, green beans, mashed potatoes, and some sweet corn bread - definitely an awesome meal!

I will be recommending this to anyone that asks me for any southern food restaurants in the future. :-)
Woah, this place is great!  On my first visit I walked in and was immediately greeted by 4 different "hello"'s, "welcome"'s, and smiling faces.  What a warm welcome right off the bat.

It was a little hard to find, but once you find it, you will be so glad you did.  Their food is amazing!  I have been twice now and have had their pork chops, hot links, and chicken wings, all were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and tasted excellent!  I was a bit hesitant with the hot links, as often they come way too greasy for my taste, but these were grilled to perfection and not overly greasy.  I was very impressed.  I have also tried their dirty rice (spicy and dirty with ground beef, great!), black eyed peas, and their french fries.  The fries were just fries, but seasoned well.... everything else was spot on.  I really enjoyed their dirty rice.  I've had a lot of different types of dirty rice, and this was very unique and very tasty.

Their chicken deserves its own paragraph here.  Seriously.  I order their fried chicken "not battered", so they basically season the chicken and drop it in the deep fryer.  OMFG.  I've eaten my share of fried chicken, but their chicken, by far, is better than anything I have ever eaten..... easy.  In fact, my mouth is literally watering as I type this.  Go, eat their chicken. 

The environment was nice... low light, dark decor, great old school tunes being spun by a dj on the 1's and 2's. 

Don't worry, if you don't eat wheat or gluten, just tell them and they will make sure your meal is made without, no issues here.  Very accommodating.
This place had the most AMAZING meatloaf, fried chicken, and mac & cheese. I also ordered a side of greens which were good but a little too salty for me. 

I don't order meatloaf at restaurants mainly because I know it'll probably be dry or have no flavor, but I had this feeling that Bobby C's would make it perfectly. I wasn't disappointed. It had this slight crunchiness on the outside that was like little heavenly crunchy bits. 

The fried chicken beat the pants off of any other soul food restaurant I've been to. It was so juicy and to die for. The mac and cheese was another hit. Next time I'm going to order the mashed potatoes and gravy as well! 

The staff was really friendly and the atmosphere was loungy with great old school tunes being played on their nice sound system.
I had no idea what to expect when a friend picked this place for a late dinner last night.  It's nothing fancy, just plain and simple soul food served in a dark lounge-like setting with some great tunes playing in the background.  Having grown up in the south, I tend to be a little picky as far as my soul/southern food goes, but from what I can tell, Bobby C's comes pretty close to the real thing.  I ordered the fried shrimp with collard greens and mac-and-cheese.  Everything was very good (obviously not good for you, though).  The shrimp tasted great: perfectly battered and lightly fried.  Their special sauce had a nice spicy tang to it.  I also thought the collard greens were delish.  If I had to identify some downfalls, it would be their prices and portions.  Shrimp is expensive, and I got plenty of large shrimps with my $14 platter.  But the two side orders came out in those little monkey dishes you might receive in a school cafeteria.  I would guess that each contained approximately 3 bites of food (very tasty food).  We ended up there because we were hungry and my appetite could have used more.  I've never left a southern/soul food place feeling hungry, ever before, but I did last night.  Maybe it was my inner beast or maybe not.  For $14, I would expect a food baby at this type of place, but didn't come close.  But that is my only complaint.  I would definitely go back if only for the atmosphere and to grab a drink.
Bobby C's is what a neighborhood pub is all about.  The fact that it serves up soul food and hosts some amazing music is icing on the cake.

But what makes the family owned and operated bar & lounge stand out is the fact that, from the minute you walk it, until you leave, you're treated like a member of their family. with in minuted we were joking and kidding around, a few minutes later, we were being given a tour of the facility, including their overflow seating next door.

Until now, it's been a hidden gem with a loyal following of people into live jazz and R&B, or this looking to sate their southern food cravings.  However, with a light rail stop outside, I predict it will be getting a whole lot more attention, (Hint: it is a must stop venue for any Light Rail pub crawls)
Went to Bobby C's this weekend as a stop on a Light Rail Pub Crawl. The bar was very cozy on the inside and had live jazz playing. It was my first visit and I would definitely like to go back and spend more time listening to the music and having a couple of drinks.  The only reason this bar lost a couple of stars in my rating because the beers were kind of pricey, $4 for a bottle of Miller Light seems high in my opinion and the bar tender seemed to be miffed by our arrival. Maybe we just got him on an off day.
i agree with anita's review.  the beer could stand to be a little cheaper.  the place was dead when we arrived.  NOTE- this is stop #2 on a day drinking venture courtesy of the lightrail and friends celebrating a 30th birthday.  live jazz -4 guys on 4 diff instruments and the cardinals game playing helped make this stop special.  the group we came in with contained about 12 people and we all fit in the bar area but if this place gets packed 4getaboutit!
We went to Bobby C's last Sunday after a busy weekend full of activities and were instantly treated like family. Our fried chicken and country fried steak dinners were excellent as was the service. I highly recommend Bobby C's.
This Review Brought to you by the Letter "L"

Bobby C's has become somewhat of a tradition for us on Light Rail Pub Crawls.  We found them by accident the first time when my friend shoved me off the train and I almost got left behind....

The first time we went in, they seemed excited to have our business and we were almost sad to go.

The second time they had live music playing, and they wanted to charge a cover.  Since we were only there for one drink, we were about to pass, when they offered us the VIP room.  Basically, they stuck us in a dining room that's not connected to the main bar.  But they brought us our own bartender and hooked us up. 

Based on the first 2 visits, my review should be higher, but then we went on Friday.  Ok, so a group of 20 already somewhat intoxicated people are somewhat daunting.  Plus - they waived cover if you had an active light rail pass.  Minus - they segregated us into the back room again.  

What really gives them this ranking, is that we were drinking the alphabet and were on the letter "L" (bet you didn't see that one coming.)  So we ordered Lemondrops - see they start with the letter L - now it all becomes clear.

Ok, not sure what planet they got these "lemons" from - but my god they were terrible.  Ass drops was more like it.  I mean, horrible.  I can't even describe the taste.  We tried dumping sugar into them, no help.  Finally, we poured sprite into the drinks and by plugging our noses, were able to choke them down.  Well, I drank Brian's in addition to my own (I wasn't gonna waste the booze!)

We felt pressured to stay, but with no music, no entertainment at all and no decent drinks, we had to boogie back to the train.  

Will Bobby C's stay on our rotation, possibly, as it's such a tradition now, I'm just glad we have stops before and after it!
Double dated last night for Jazz nite @ Bobby C's. They were very welcoming there. Even though it was our waitresses first night, she did a great job! 

The enormous fried BBQ shrimp were delicious with the magic white/tangy sauce that was brought out with them. The fried catfish was perfectly cooked and also got a smattering of that delicious sauce. The collard greens were salty, but to the approval of my boyfriend (who can't get enough salt). I balanced the saltiness of the collard greens with the candied yams (I can't get enough sweet)! 
The portions are generous and once again, that sauce is perfection! 

We enjoyed the free Jazz that was playing, "The Adam Clark Trio". They were very entertaining, and I suggest seeing them on Tuesday nights. 

I will definitely be back!!
.  Angel, daughter of the Lounge's owner Joy is a HOOT!!  I love her personality.  It's not a fancy place, little hole in the wall type place. They have been open for 8 years and have had a pretty steady following.  There is art on the walls (LOVE the Dizzie Gillespie painting... thinking of buying it) painted by a local artist.  Live music on Wednesdays/Fridays.  Wednesdays step classes (the Al B. look alike) and they have another separate dining-type area.  Wednesday nights they hold something called a conversation party.  Random 5 topics are chosen (we had a peek at last night's conversations) EX:  Are momma's boys a good or bad thing?   What makes a partner in a relationship think they need to start playing games?  What is most important to you in your professional career?

Apparently some of these discussions, as you can imagine - adding the alcohol ingredient - can get pretty heated.  It seemed to be a big group last night... 15-20 people.  

So after dinner, catfish, PORK CHOPS TO DIE FOR!! So tender, fried hot wings, mac 'n cheese, mashed potatoes, LOTS AND LOTS of hot sauce, we heard the band start warming up.   YES!!  GREAT music.  People walked in wearing their Sunday best and others walked in wearing jeans.  It's an everyone knows everyone's name type of place.  Older people and the younger started trickling in around 8PM.  

Definitely a fun experience.  Good times.
I loved this place! Although not very diverse in the makeup of the crowd (we were the only Latinos in the place), it had a great vibe and a very friendly atmosphere. The bartenders were awesome and the drinks were great! Angel, the female bartender, was as sweet as can be and chatted with us for a few minutes. She actually grew up in the Bay Area (where I currently live), so it was nice to talk to someone from the area. LOVED HER. Chris, the male bartender, was also very friendly and kept checking with us to make sure we were doing alright. The DJ was playing a mix of Old School Funk with a little R&B, which was great for the relaxed atmosphere. The bar area has cameras showing what's going on on the dance floor in the other room, which was kind of interesting. All in all, we had a great time. I'll definitely be coming back to Bobby C's the next time I'm in Phoenix!
I had a Blast a Bobby C's I won sum Concert tickets, Got to learn all kinds of bomb steps... The People were really friendly from employees to the customers. Dj was popping doing his thang, Drinks were rite, Food was even better... I would definitely go back.
I really hate to give this place a 3 stars but I'm a pretty harsh critic. Nothing was wrong, but I just know I will never go back... because I haven't.

It's a place for older people... which is why I gave it a three stars. Also the drinks were watered down.

I went when I first visited Phoenix (before I moved) my aunt and her BF brought me. My Aunt's BF is close with the owner. So we sat at the table with the owner and his daughter laughing and talking. I was the youngest one in the bunch but that didn't matter.

I did decided to order their chicken because my aunt said it was super good! So I ordered it and she was RIGHT! I'm not a big fried chicken person, but this was good. It was a very laid back place... so if your older it's PERFECT! If your in your early 20s like me... this place may bore you. 

All in all it's a ok place... but for sure I won't be going back.
Save your money, gas, and time.  Over priced and food took way too long to get to our table.  I went once before and it was ok the second time I was sad I spent date
Night here with friends.  I was embarrassed we suggested this place.  You want great chicken go to Lolos in Phoenix!  Sorry.
For my girlfriend's birthday I took her to Mary Elaine's, which is a super fancy French restaraunt in Scottsdale, AZ. My brother has worked there for a few years now, and he's been suggesting that we experience it. The staff was extremely attentive and pleasant, addressing us by name and taking a moment to replace my girlfriend's blue napkin with a black one to match her dress. They even brought over a small stool for me to set my digital camera on. The restaraunt is situated on the top floor of the Phoenician Resort and every seat at Mary Elaine's has a spectacular view of the valley.

We let the chef prepare a tasting menu for us, and their Sommelier (wine expert) paired wines with many of the tastings. I will have to consult with my brother to fully explain the dishes served, but the food was so fine tuned to perfection that I can not imagine improvement. I HIGHLY recommend EVERYONE eat at Mary Elaine's at least once, as it is truly the finest experience in dining I can imagine.

I posted images of our food here.  http://www.secret.strandland.com/MaryElaines/
[I can't believe that I am the second person to review this restaurant. I may be the last; Mary Elaine's closes its doors for good sometime this month (Feb 2008). Perhaps I am the second person because a proper dinner for two (and I mean that that includes a _real_ selection from the best wine list in the city) will cost you $700 to $800, easily the cost of a coach ticket to Paris for the real thing. But make your reservations in advance. Dinner at Guy Savoy must be planned 4 to 6 weeks ahead. In case you don't realize it by the time you finish this one, I _AM_ a food snob.

I feel a very heavy burden here because Mary Elaine's has stood for everything I have hoped for in the finest of service and detailed preparation in a dining experience since I was a member of the Plaza Club, also now defunct. That I could presume to review this establishment and the professionals who take each and every part of their job as their personal quest in life is totally ludicrous. Instead of a review, I can at best present some of my fondest memories of this wonderful place. OK, Now that I have set the bar high enough for myself, let me begin.]

I can't remember if the team that comprises the army of staff that will serve you at front of house numbers 12 or 21 people, but by the time your dinner is over, you will have had a dinner to remember for the rest of your life.

Take your pick from one of two seatings, 6 to 6:45 or 8:30 to 9:15. Give the reservationist every last detail of your preferences. Some of my favorite requests: (1) seat me as far away from that wailing wanna-be Lisa Addeo who thinks she can replace Nancy Gee -- she's still singing the exact same songs in the exact same order she was eight years ago in the lobby. If I have to hear her make those Time-to-Say-Goodbye octave leaps one more effing time, I'm going to kill myself; (2) give us relaxed timing on the courses, we're in no rush; (3) my guest does not drink alcohol and is from Iran, find a formal drink for her that she will appreciate; (4) my guest loves Chateaubriand, could you scrape some up?

Among my most memorable experiences:
The time Todd (manager) knowing my love of late 80's California cabs found a bottle of '88 Heitz Martha's Vineyard and surprised me for my birthday dinner.
The time my guest surprised me by calling in and requested hot sourdough for my bread choice knowing how much I love it.
The time our party sat at Chef's table in the kitchen and I watched first hand the quietest kitchen you can possibly imagine.
The bottle of '62 Chateau Gran Larose that left my mouth black and from which I was still drunk the next day.
My one and only ever sliver of Louis XIV cognac at $750 a slice.
The way Nancy Gee used to sing Angel Eyes, my favorite.
The time Sommelier Paul introduced me to the rasiney sweet pleasure of Lusteau Emilin cherry.

Mary Elaine's took pride in finding the most extravagant yet excellent ingredients in the entire world. It would not be uncommon for the special to include some extremely rare fish that had been flown in that afternoon. The wine list boasted 5000 bottles. Where else could you splurge on a $10,000 bottle of champagne? (The answer is Etienne's Different Point of View at Pointe Tapatillo Cliffs.) What if you feel like having a '60's bottle of Lafite Rothschild? Paul and his staff were always happy to oblige.

I'm talking about the subtleties of food preparation such that a single course may have but six or seven bites, but each of those is a symphony of tastes that overwhelms the senses. On my last visit, the sauce chefs had perfected their entries to each course to such an extent that their excellence sometimes overshadowed the main ingredients themselves.

It was fun to gulp my entire glass of water to see how many seconds it would take to be noticed and refilled (no more than 15).

Mary Elaine's celebrated what might be called a sacred relationship between a host and his guest. You will be missed.
We've been going to Mary Elaine's since it made its debut years ago, and it has never let us down. When it closes its doors April 5th, it will be the end of an era. I agree with Mike's comments and remember well the Plaza Club, but Mary Elaine's has always been in a league of its own.

Greg, the Master Sommelier, became a friend through the years and never failed to introduce us to exquisite wines that he would often set aside for us, or give us a call when something special arrived so we'd be sure to make a reservation.

The Chef's Table, Todd, Greg, Nancy Gee -- we still miss her and we'll continue to miss them all.  The last I knew years ago when Todd departed, he was going to launch a restaurant somewhere on Central. Does anybody know if he's still in town and was his then-new venture successful?. 

I was surprised and a bit disappointed that Mary Elaine's is closing with a whimper. I thought perhaps one final blow-out on April 5th would have been a wonderful way to bid an appropriate farewell to a grand lady.

Formal, elegant dining is clearly on the wane, and while there are many excellent restaurants in the greater Phoenix-Scottsdale area, Mary Elaine's will always stand alone. 

It will be missed.
Mary Elaine's was like nothing my boyfriend and I had ever done. It's not really our style, but we had a great time, nonetheless. 

The service was, of course, very good. I thought it would be too stuffy for our tastes and that I'd feel out of place, but this did not happen. As a matter of fact, after our server warmed up to us, we had a great back-and-forth... same goes for our backserver, who we came to call the Bread-Pusher, because the bread is incredibly addicting.

I had the tasting menu, and other than the rabbit, it was awesome. I didn't like the rabbit not because of how it was prepared though, I just don't like rabbit. Too cute and fuzzy.

Our server brought us some great wine pairings that were not on the menu and included what we dubbed the "adult" framboise... so delicious. It was a cherry sparkling wine  and tasted amazing with chocolate.

The whole night was opulence perfected. I will probably never eat here again (oh, except for that whole gift certificate thing) especially because it's closing, but it was fantastic and really a wonderful place to take someone if you need to either impress them or if you're apologizing for something you really, really screwed up.
Uber-fancy French restaurant in Scottdale! 5/5 

Thanks to AJ and J, we got a chance to dine and wine there last year! It is a super nice french restaurant in Phoenician Resort. My first fancy french dining experience! :) All four of us had the tasting menu that evening with great Ridge wine. The tasting mene has small portion but amazing food. As expected, it took us ~4 hours to get done with the dinner. It was the only drawback J could come up with... I think that was perfectly fine for me since we are dining in a FRENCH restaurant. Just enjoy the process! I would definitely go there again.
Owned by Jools Holland, you can guess this place is of great quality. 

Situated in a beautiful building on Queen Street, you almost feel like you're off to a ball. Well I was, my university end of term ball. But it does feel so much more grander than that. The food was so much better than the price tag suggested (I imagine this was to do with a deal with the university as I have looked at the restaurant prices and it ain't cheap) and the ambiance was spectacular. The staff made us feel like we were more than just grubby students dressed in our finest gear. The whole night was fantastic, and I understand why my university uses this venue each year. 

Jam House also operates as a restaurant and an up-market club. It is worth a visit for whatever reason you can find.
I was dragged here once by my 57 year old auntie who was looking to pull. I think that sums it up! Jools Holland owns it- which gives it some credit I suppose, and it's nicely decorated inside but it's not my cup of tea. It seemed to be a playground for the over 50s looking to re-live their youth. It reminded me of dad dancing at a wedding - you know the sort. On several occasions, sweaty old men made their move towards me, at which point I hastily circled the room.
Food-wise, it wasn't anything special either. I had pan-fried chicken without realizing it doesn't come with anything else, should have ordered sides. Yeah it was ok, and the price wasn't too bad, but nothing worth going out my way for.
My boyfriend used to know this girl who thought that the Jam House was the least cool place in town.  I think that she's just not cool enough to realise just how cool this place is.  It's cool like the 80s.

It actually IS cool like the 80s.  It has that kind of dorky but majorly fun vibe that is the joy of an 80s party.  I almost said "... that reminds me of the 80s" but that's a lie; I'm way too young to remember the 80s.  

A previous reviewer said that it's like going to a family wedding because of the all ages crowd.  That is completely true and is one of the JEMs (what disguises itself as a typo is really my brain reminding me that I do remember some of the 80s...) of this place.      

The majority of people who go to the Jam House aren't out for a pretentious night out, they just want to listen to some good music and dance without caring who's watching.  Yeah, you will probably end up dancing with a dad and make his night, or with a mom who is wearing heels for the first time in years and can hardly stand up.  That is all part of the charm of the Jam House.

In exchange, you will find that the door charge is one of if not the cheapest in New Town and and the bar considerably easier to get to than anywhere else on a weekend.  

I've never eaten here so can't comment on that aspect but the quality of the night out is, well, cool.  Like the 80s.
Best live music and dance venue in town by far. Great mix of old and new music, along with great age range of punters 20-60's I would guess .
Gets going early, with house band playing covers from 60's to present date until about 1.30am. DJ fills in between sets and takes over from then.
Drinks aren't that pricey and admission is certainly better value for money than anything on George Street given there is also live music going on..
Billy Ocean Live performance...... Friday 20th April 2012. Tried to get a booking in the venue's restuarant, but left it too late as they were sold out completely. Bought tickets to see the UK's biggest selling soul performer. Arrived to a busy venue but was served extremely quickly. Plenty of bar staff on duty and good cheery service given. Started on cocktails...Bad move though (still have headache on Monday!) Got a postion right at the front of the stage. Billy Ocean took to the stage at 9.30pm and performed for a full two hours without stopping. Covered all his hits from the 70's/80's. Great performance and full marks to The Jam House for bringing this legend to Edinburgh. Night was rounded off by dancing to the Jam House resident DJ who played a great mix of 60's/70's and 80's soul/disco tracks.
Do and little dance....
Make a lilttle love...
Get down tonight......d ododododddddoooooo! 

I had a great time here! If you love 80's music and a good dance then you will love it here! Although book well in advance as it gets busy!! In all honesty it think its the only dance place i have been to that you can find
people on their late 50s 60s mixing with 20 year olds ( like me ...ahem) ! 
Really good for hen nights or a big group!
The best place in Edinburgh for a great night out with friends.

We went along on Friday night and admittedly it was a bit quiet, but the place really goes over board when providing a safe and excellent night out. Music was terriffic. So much so, we came back for more the night later.....Wow, it was mobbed...What an atmosphere.....11/10

Luved it!!
So this Saturday was my first visit to the Jam House as my friend had organised a Celtic Celebration for the MND charity. 
The venue was everything she needed, great area of dance floor - handy for the 50+ Irish dancers that were jigging away, great stage area for the more contemporary dances/ bands that played and big enough for the volume of people that came to support albeit only just as at one point there was a shortage of seating and then standing room only towards the back.  

Brilliant evening raising money for a very worth while cause in a very nice venue! 

Great time had by all :)
Went to the Jam House quite late on a Saturday night out with about 8 others a couple of weeks ago.  The £8 entry charge put me off right from the start!  There's no way I would usually pay that much to get into a venue unless I knew of something special happening, however the group I was with decided to go in.  Very long entrance way and bar before you get to the back of the venue to the stage and dance floor, which is massive.  There are even a few booths overhead, like at a theatre.  It is a lovely venue and would be great for watching a live band.  There was actually a live band playing when we arrived (which I'm guessing was the reason for the exorbitant cover charge), but unfortunately they only had a couple of songs to go until they finished.  Then the dj played 70's and 80's music all night.  It was fun and had a good dance, but had had enough after a while.  We certainly felt very young, compared to the majority of the patrons who were between 40 and 68 I reckon.

I wouldn't choose to go back, but can see how the Jam House would appeal to an older crowd.
Having purposefully avoided coming here over the last eight years or so it took a bit of arm twisting to for me to break my ban on Easter Sunday but the prospect of non-stop Northern Soul clinched it.

Thankfully the place wasn't uncomfortably busy once we got there so that was a bonus. Other than that though the things that had put me off in the past are still in evidence, namely poor acoustics (benefit of the doubt - the PA and shoddy mic in use may have been the organisers' rather than the venue's) and they still don't stock tomato juice so bloody marys are out of the question. Best left to the older & older at heart for the better part of another decade I think.
My husband, his grandparents, and I stopped by for dinner tonight (it's near the Mayo clinic-the reason why we're in Phoenix) and were pleasantly surprised by all the amazingly healthy options. His grandparents had a number of dietary restrictions, because they have lab tests tomorrow. They needed to stay away from fried or fatty foods. My husband is vegetarian. I like to eat organic whenever I can.

Our waitress told us that the meats and fish were all fresh (never frozen). The chicken is organic. The greens and vegetables are organic and local when possible. They have a juicer!!! I had two pint glasses of carrot-ginger-orange juice, before my dinner came out.

For dinner, I had a delicious guacamole salad with a mix of greens that was more interesting than the standard mesculun mix. It was lightly dressed, with a really flavorful, light lime dressing, which was just to my liking. I also had a small grilled fish taco, garnished with salsa fresca, and served with a side of jicama, cucumber and carrot salad. All light and delicious. Again, not oversauced. I only wish it had been served with a lime. I also got a side of braised greens, which were served with a light wasabi soysauce (a bit too strong on the wasabi for me, near the bottom). The mix of greens was lively (definitely some radish or turnip greens, as well as spinach) and cooked very nicely (not overcooked and mushy). 

My husband had the kung-fu girl salad, which had a little bit of seaweed salad, organic mixed greens (same interesting mix), mushrooms, carrots, with a ginger, soysauce dressing (with wasabi to taste). He loved it. He also had their vegetarian burger with a side of kimchi. The kimchi was excellent, with cilantro unlike the traditional version, but almost authentic (my korean parents would eat it with relish), and the portion was generous, which meant I got to eat plenty too. 

His grandmother had the grilled fish special (salmon) which was served with grilled vegetables (it looked like a nice mix with asparagus, peppers) and the cold jicama, cucumber garnish. Super healthy and delicious.  His grandfather had the short ribs, with grilled vegetables and an amazing potato mash (diced potatos with bacon and leeks). He almost cleaned his plate, which is really rare since he doesn't have much of an appetite any more. 

The service was attentive. The waitress helped us steer our grandmother away from the fish & chips. The general manager came by and spoke to us about the menu (very eclectic - "chino-latino" - lots of american standards-like burgers-but lots of mexican and asian (ramen, udon, kimchee) as well).

We were there early. The jazz band was just getting started when we left. We were glad to miss it, because his grandmother would not have been able to hear us over the music.

Good, unpretentious food, made with great, fresh ingredients. Definitely better food than you'll find at any other music venue. We'll definitely be back this week.
I have been looking for a place like this since I moved to Phoenix.  My wife and I recently visited during happy hour on a Friday night.  The music was pretty good and free.  Most importantly the volume was perfect - not completely in the background, but low enough to have a conversation at the bar.  The atmosphere is great with laid-back, but sophisticated feel.   The beer selection is not extensive, but there are a few good choices on draft and you won't find many (any?) bars in this area charging only $4 for an import (for comparison, the Skeptical Chemyst charges $5.75 for similar beers).  My wife tried a pomegranate margarita and a mojito.  They were excellent, but closer to the usual Scottsdale price at $8.  The food we tried was delicious.  There are plenty of bar-type items on the menu but also a number of interesting salads and vegetarian options.  We tried a combination of roasted tomato salsa and avocado sauce with tortilla chips.  The chips were made fresh and the salsas were very good.  I had the same  avocado salsa at many restaurants near Merida, Mexico on a recent trip, and this version was easily as good.  The price for this appetizer was about $5 (~$2.50 during happy hour)  We also tried a sandwich that was a mix between a Cuban sandwich and a Mexican torta.  The ham and roast pork on this sandwich were incredible.  I expect the tacos were probably made from the same pork, and therefore, would be worth a try.   The Cuban sandwich was $12.95, but it was very large.   There is a good mix of items from $5-$24 on the menu, so everyone can find something to match their budget.
What can I say, I love music, I love beer and I love food.

This place has all of those things and more.

Music:
They have an awesome sound system (I know cause I've played through it several times).  They have great bands come through, like What Laura Says, The Latest, The Sugar Thieves, Chuck Hall Band and Many more.

Beer:
They stock a very decent tap.  Highlights would be Moose Drool, Pilsner Urquell  and Racer 5 IPA for me, but they have some good reggies like Blue Moon, Fat Tire, etc.

Food:
The food is a quasi american/ mexican/ hipster thing.  I've had the Blue Burger which was tasty and the Green Chili and Cheese tamales, which I devoured in seconds flat.  I've seen some other seriously good looking stuff grace other peoples' lips as well.

Bottom Line:
I like this place a lot.  It has a great feel to it, it's spacious, they have great bands, booze and food.  The only problem I can see with it is it's location... Mayo and Scottsdale?  I wish it were more centrally located.
Discovered this place accidentally while driving through after some shopping in the area. So glad we stopped in as we found it was a live music venue!! Not many of these around in this area. The night that we were there it was writer's night....for the yet undiscovered musicians. We only had time for a quick bite and listened to one musician who was great. We also took home a list of up and coming shows ..... some impressive musicians lined up. They do charge cover for the more popular shows but Thursday (writer's night) has no cover charge. Also I believe we were told there was no live music Sunday and Monday. The food was good can recommend the Fish and Chips as well as the Napa Crisp which is Brie, Apricots, diced jalapeno with a lime honey dressing. Only thing I would change is the lighting....too light in some areas .... eyes should be directed towards the musicians when they are playing. We will definitely be back to see some shows as well as check out writer's night again some time....great to have a local music venue! : )
A friend invited me to The Compound to listen to the amazing Chuck Hall Band.  I had no idea what to expect due to no time to Yelp beforehand.

Plenty of parking and pleasant landscape greet you upon opening the front door. I arrived at the time Chuck Hall was due on stage and didn't have to pay a cover :-) friends held a table right in front of the stage. I love that this venue is spacious and inviting with tv screens playing streaming video of live concerts prior to the band taking stage.

Drink menu offered a nice selection and was not overwhelming.  I ordered their Cruz margarita, only $3.....woo hoo!!!!!  And quite yummy I might add.  

I will have to agree with other yelpers that the service was very slow.  It took a good 20 mins to flag down a server, with several empty handed ones passing by.  After ordering our drinks it took another good 15 min to get them :-( I work in the food industry and tend to be picky but I fully understand off days.  The place wasn't packed and didn't seem under staffed so I don't know what was up. 

Ok, margarita time !!!!! With drink in hand I  stroll across their yummy menu filled with many options. Far from boring bar food!!! I  selected the guacamole and chips for starters.  Feeling festive I order the ten mini tacos and mix up the meat fillings, chicken, salmon, shredded pork and beef.    The speed of the food was far faster than the drinks!  Guacamole was served with a generous helping of delicious chips fir dipping. Guac was good, just needed a little sea salt. The tacos arrived within 5 mins of the guac.... Now on my second margarita and feeling the blues being delivered, I'm a happy camper. The tacos were amazing, plenty of punched packed in a mini size!  

The band sounded great here.  Not too loud and super clear.  The servers seem to go  astray when the band was playing and was super hard to get a drink.  Service seemed to get worse at this point.  We had more offers to take our unfinished plates than to order drinks.  Weird!!!

All in all I would go back to see another band play and give the service another college try!
It is a geat place, with great food and prices to match, one of the best in the Scottsdale area.  As you can tell by the stars.  Great music for everyone.  My Girlfriend took me there and I was blown away.  Being a somewhat veggie, loads to choose from.  When in Scottsdale check this place out and great wines by the glass.
Cool atmosphere and concept. We didn't stay for the band that was playing that night, but it looked promising. The service was decent. Everyone was friendly. 

As for the food, the menu seemed fairly healthy and they use local and organic when possible, which is always great. I had the Mahi-Mahi Fish Tacos and side of grilled veggies. The tacos were great. The fish was prepared in a delicious spice rub (not too spicy) and paired with pico de gallo. They were light, healthy and flavorful. The veggies on the other hand...I could take 'em or leave 'em. I'm not a huge fan of bell peppers, so I'm slightly biased. 

Overall it was pretty good...I would return.
Brutal service, boring food, Cougar Town.  Been there twice, both times waited over 20 minutes to have our order taken.  Then another 45-60 minutes to get the food, which was totally unremarkable.  Sounds great on paper (local, organic, etc.) but it just doesn't translate to the taste.  Good beer selection and that's about all that's going for it.  Too bad, because it's a neat venue.  Someone sank a bunch of money into it, but the payoff just isn't there.  With all the options available nearby, can't see why anyone would go there.
Let me start this review out by saying I am an audio snob.  I think a music venue will make it or break it by their sound system.  You can tell The Compound really invested a good amount of time and money into their sound system.  Watching the sound man run around the place with a digital equalizer shows that The Compound knows what they are doing.  With that being said....

I walked into The Compound not knowing what to expect and not hearing any reviews.  I just know that they were about to bring some of my favorite national acts to Scottsdale.  I wanted this place to be great but being in N Scottsdale, I had my doubts.  I was wrong.

First impression was a nice one.  Lots of parking, clean outdoor area and someone to open the door for me.  I paid for my ticket (ticket prices are not bad if you are to compare this place to the Marquee) I immediately hit up the bar and I had to do a double take.  Were these prices correct?  I am in N Scottsdale and I am about to pay $3 or a beer?  My wife is about to get a margarita for only $3?  To good to be true.  

The drink selection is all over the place and CHEAP.  That is a major bonus that The Compound cannot change if they want to stay in business.  There is nothing worse than paying an arm and a leg for a concert ticket only to get raped by drink prices.  KUDOS.  If drinks were expensive here, I would rationalize going to some of these upcoming shows. 

The place was packed for a Garaj Mahal show (awesome jazz band) I was not a fan of the way the tables were set up.  Nice size stage in a room filled with tables.  Not much room to dance.  It didn't look encouraged.  I was told later that at more "dance" shows, they clear a good amount of tables.  Luckily a party left leaving a table open in the front row right in the corner.  PERFECT!  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she immediately went over and cleared the table for us.  I was impressed!

After reading some other Yelp reviews, the main drag seems like the service.  I can't agree but I can't disagree.  Our waiter was on us like white on rice which got really annoying but by the end of the show, we could never find him.  I heard other friends from other tables complaining about the service as well.  If I had my way, I'd sit at the table and go to the bar to order drinks, but I am not that guy who's going to steal a waiters table.

For four people, we ordered 5 apps and 1 sandwich.  All of the dishes were different from other restaurants we frequent and quite impressive.  The Napa Crisp stood out the most.  A crispy wheat pita topped with apricot, brie, jalapenos (not spicy) and a fantastic lime honey jelly.  Another winner was the fried green tomatoes.  I'd stay away from the crap empanada.  We also got the Kung Fu Girl with Ahi Tuna (amazing blend on veggies and unique dressing) and the Cuban Sandwich (not a traditional Cuban but a decent soft, tender sandwich) 

Overall, four people who were drinking, 3 apps, 1 salad and 1 sandwich came to $75.  That was $75 less than what we thought the final tab was going to be.  

The Compound would have gotten 5 stars if the service was better, but overall I was impressed.  I am so relieved there is a place in the valley that is a great place to see live music.  I only hope the best for this place.  If they keep getting in the acts that they are getting in March, (Karl Denson, Emmit Nershi Band and Martin Sexton) then I will continue to keep coming.
Okay, I didn't go for the music, I stopped by for lunch!  I was there for the food, and I was impressed.  The menu (while a little hard to read) offered a variety and everyone in the party was happy with the food.  The service was impressive, friendly, on top of the drinks and kept us posted on the status of our order.

I was boring with the Bacon Cheeseburger, which was great, but the Cobb Salad looked awesome, with or without the Tuna or Ahi.  The special sounded great (Crab Salad Sandwich) and lived up to the description according to one member of my party.

The place looked like a great venue for live music and just hanging out after work.  Well worth a check.
This is a nice place, with a great ambience and wonderful stage.  The music sounded terrific all across the restaurant and the food was very good.  I liked the fresh nature of the food and the service was quick and delightful.  

My fiance has had a couple gigs and he also enjoyed the venue as a musician - it's comfortable and the stage is nice.  

This is going to be a very popular place very soon!
I would like to give the Compound Grill a half star, or maybe no stars at all, but I'll have to settle for one. Last night a large group of us went to see Karl Denson's Tiny Universe, posted on their website to begin at 8pm. We purchased tickets and arrived at half past seven to find that the show had been moved to 9pm. No big deal, we thought, we'll just share a few bottles of wine and pass the time.

Meanwhile, a dozen television screens fill every wall with coverage of the McDowell Mountain Music Festival. Everywhere you look there's a screen of some jam band going on and on and the volume is way too high. Okay, no big deal we thought. Karl Denson is gonna show up and they'll turn this shit off and the night will begin.

9pm passes and then 10pm passes. When we discussed the matter with a few of the hostesses/waitresses, they told us that they'd spoken with Karl Denson and he was on his way. On his way? This is at about 10:20pm. And if we wanted to hang around (with a bunch of $18 tickets), the show should start pretty soon, she said. When we asked to talk with a manager one of the women said there wasn't a manager available. What? How about the owner? can we please talk to someone? She informed us that the owner was probably home and asleep by now. Brilliant. Pushing 11pm we left. They were still doing sound check.

The incompetence of this place was pretty legendary last night. A "sorry" would've been good enough for us. But, there was nothing but excuses and lack of responsibility taken. Maybe next time you can hold a contract with the visiting musicians. If they don't show, don't pay them. Regardless of what you do Compound Grill, we're gonna get our refund.
The Northeast Valley is desperately lacking places to enjoy live music... I'm so glad for the Compound Grill. We had a great time there listening to music and having a few drinks. They had a pretty extensive selection of drinks and beers. The waitress was attentive (though we did wonder if maybe she was having a few drinks of her own in back... at least she was having fun with her job). The Compound had quite an eclectic crowd, which is a breath of fresh air from some Scottsdale bars. We also had a fun time watching the crowd that was dancing... there sure were some interesting moves out there! 

Some of the food items on the menu looked good... I didn't have anything to eat when I was there, but when I do, I'll add a new review on that.
Exactly what the Valley was in need of, a place where you can go and listen to great live music, while being able to enjoy a wide variety of food and drink. 

The Compound Grill accomplishes all of these prerequisites and does it in North Scottsdale of all places. 

The location and access is great, located just West of Scottsdale Road and on the North side Mayo Boulevard. 

The menu is incredible, with a ton of organic and locally grown ingredients to satisfy your cravings from Mexican food, to upscale Bar fare, to even brunch on the weekend. 

But, what sets The Compound Grill apart from other Valley bars/restaurants is the COMMITMENT to live musical performances, many of which are local acts. Be sure to visit the restaurants website to stay up to date with all of the eclectic bands that are scheduled to perform. 


If your looking for a great venue to drink, eat, and enjoy some live music with your friends, its hard to beat The Compound.
The Compound Grill was a big surprise for me.  Generally I shy away from restaurants in big strip malls and restaurants in North Scottsdale.  So a restauraunt in a giant strip mall in North Scottsdale?

First, there was live music playing while we ate.  We arrived early so there was no cover charge.  Just some nice background music while we dined.

Second, the menu was great.  LOTS of stuff for those of us who enjoy a healthy meal. I had mahi mahi with roasted vegetables and a big side salad, all for 16 bucks.   Most of the other options looked good too.

Third, they did a great job redecorating.  If it wouldn't have been pointed out, I never would have known it used to be a Black Angus.

One drawback - in between the patio and the stage were large screen TV's, and they were all turned on, and I don't like watching TV on Saturday nights.
I live in N. Phoenix so I love the location because it is close to my home.  The only reason I did not give the Compound 5 stars was the fact it was the Black Angus prior, and it still has a little bit of that vibe inside. 

The food has been good each time I've eaten there.  Their street tacos are delicious!  The BLT is alright, but kinda on the small side. The salads are fresh and full of flavor.

They have a fantasic beer selection and being fellow Michigander, I was stoked when I saw they carried Bells Beer!The  Wine list is also great.  I had a Tempranillo and a Malbec and both were nice.

N Phoenix so needed a good place to chill and listen to good live music!
I meandered into Compound after the Phoenix Film Fest a couple days ago to meet up with some friends for a drink and some talking. My expectations were not what Compound Grill ended up being, but not really in a bad way, just in that different way. 

The stage first off.. is fantastic, and I love the tables around it - reminds me of music halls I haven't seen in ages. I really wanted to jump on the stage and sing, but someone else was doing that already.. and they were doing it all right! So very right! Great mix of songs from the Beatles to GaGa done by a woman. AMEN SISTA!!!!!

The rest of the place was laid out kinda odd in my opinion, including a set of couches to sit and eat at that were set up around a support post. Around a fire pit, I could see. Around a cute coffee table.. yes. Staring at a post in the ground that doesn't even have art on it or anything, no... and well, as you can probably guess, no one was sitting there that night either. In fact, they were sitting everywhere BUT that spot. 

The service was eh... didn't really seem to willing or wanting.

The menu looked okay, but nothing I was screaming over. We ended up having some chips and salsa that includes a tomatillo/avacado salsa that I enjoyed :) I also really appreciate the organic hippie vibe that I didn't expect going in. Sexy hippy.. that's what I'm labeling this from now on.

This will probably be the spot I head to in between seeing film events,  because I do really love their music space and the Harkins nearby is where all the film events are, but other than that, it's really too far away and don't have quite enough to lure me back more often.
Mmm I'm a fan for sure! This is one of those  places for breakfast that could easily be overlooked- but don't! 

They have a really cute patio that is the perfect outdoor Saturday morning breakfast spot. I love the Roasted Corn Omelet. It comes with these amazing potatoes (a mix of sweet potato's, purple and white potatoes- delish)! If you're not too hungry, try getting the Cucumber and Avocado smoothie, or the granola with fresh berries and yogurt! 

It's so surprising to have a live music bar have such great organic and healthy food! I will say the one down side is that the service is slow, which of course, if my big no-no.  But overall,  if you're in the north phoenix/scottsdale area, check it out!
This new North Scottsdale restaurant and live music venue has great potential, but will need a few minor adjustments and the support of locals to make it work. 

First and perhaps most critical, I've repeatedly been impressed by their music lineup. The set up for a live venue works well - I saw Blind Boys of Alabama a few months ago and found that The Compound's high-tech bar and main restaurant area (which was transformed into concert seating that night) made for a cozy yet vibrant and open experience. I felt like I was in the closest section of any other major venue, when I was actually nearly in the back. 

Not to be missed are local and house bands that frequent The Compound's stage. I've stopped by for a drink several times and have been surprised to find a great band that struck just the right mix of interesting without being overly loud or distracting. 

I can't say I've tried much off of the food menu, though I really enjoyed the house quesadilla with chicken (I know, such a boring choice). I would recommend that they revamp their wine list slightly to offer a few more non-standard choices under $10 a glass. I'm not sure that their beverage menu is set up to appeal to the crowd they seem to be courting, as they have booked some favorites from the jam band scene, which can mean a lot of younger types who won't be willing to pay over $6 for a cocktail. 

Overall, definitely worth stopping in and checking out. With a few tweaks and more time, this will be a choice spot on the local music scene. Sign up for the e-newsletter to get the weekly concert updates and info on specials.
We went to the McDowell Mountain Music festival last night and stopped in to The Compound Grill for dinner.

We started out with a couple of beers--belgian wit.  Mothership, I think.  We also had a couple of appetizers.  Green Bites (edamame and green bean combo) and The Nachos.  The edamame were for kiddo.  I wish it would've come with a dish to discard the empties.  The nachos were for us and they were fabulous.  Generous portion, good balance of topping vs. chips.  Just really tasty all around. 

At this point, I was pretty full.  I ordered Chicken Popsicles for the kiddo and hubby ordered fish and chips.  The chicken dish was 2 skewers of panko crusted strips with fries.  Kiddo ate it all and shared me his fries, so I was happy about that.  Hubby shared me a piece of his fish.  It was just alright, as fish and chips go.

Total bill for 3 beers, 2 apps, 1 kid entree and 1 adult entree: $57.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.

The best part is that there is a music venue within reasonable driving distance.  Yay for music!  A local band started a set while we were finishing dinner and my son cried because he didn't want to stop listening to the music (we were taking him to the outside stage to see more music--he just didn't really get that part in the moment).

I'm so happy that there is a family-friendly place in N. Scottsdale to enjoy music.  So happy.
The Compound

There is a new kid in town, The Compund grill. Located at the very west side of the Scottasdale 101 mall. 
A dinning place with such an odd name needed an explanation ;" the compound exists to provide a public venue where culturally informed , like minded souls go to witness the collaboration of live music and great food on a regular basis".
The owners have  definitely  put some money and time turning this place into a comfortable,  relaxed, kind of compound meeting arena . They have a full service bar at the back of the compound and a large stage at the front for the performing bands or events.
The menu is a combination of simple Mexican traditional meals with the occasional burger and Piccata pasta. There is also a fish special offered at market price.
Since most of the menu items had a Mexican  origin, I decided to order  the Grilled Elote; roasted corn with cotija cheese and lime aioli.  The Elote came served on a small plate but to my surprise it was missing a  skew making it almost impossible to eat. And I was not ready to hold this baby with my bare hands.
We then ordered the "get your undoni' soup. It was delivered to our table with chopsticks , not a spoon. I know my wife is good with the chopsticks, but  why would one try this saga when not even the Japanese have jet accomplished this task successfully.?
Moving on to our main course, we decided to order the Steak Fajitas. Safe, simple, uncomplicated choice. By the time our food was served, the band had already started to play and we were sincerely enjoying our stay. 
Too bad we were not  as happy with our meal experience. The fajitas came on a very small plate, not sizzling like one would expect them to be, surrounded by the typical  subprime mexican condiments of refried rice, beans , guacamole, sour cream and  3 very small and hard tortillas.  The steak was tough, dry  and flavorless.  
I also thought the wait staff had not been truly trained and prepared in the art of  retrieving and briging back clean utensils. We had to ask constantly for forks, spoons and plates.  At the time to pay our bill, we were given a  comment card asking us for our impressions, not on the food , but on the performance of the entertaining band. At this point it was clear to me that the Compound had lived to its reputataion of being a place for musical gatherings and fun. Not a place to entertain your palatte.
I am so excited to know this place now exists and it is so close to home! Great food with an Organic touch, that never hurts! Great Service and Great Beers! My most favorite feature of all "LIVE MUSIC!" Some of the entertainment have cover fees but some are just for the price of your presence and your meal! We will be regulars for sure! Our first visit was Friday and we ended up going two nights in a row and was nothing but pleased! We have Cowboy Junkie tickets in June, which we are very excited about but I know we will certainly be back there before then.
I finally ordered food at Compound Grill. It was good! I love that they try to use organic, local, and sustainable ingredients. A friend and I met for an early happy hour. I had a margarita craving and wasn't expecting a lot from their $4 one, but it was very good! Tasted very fresh and lime-y. I ordered the Ranchero Ensalada: sweet corn, cherry tomatoes, guacamole, tortilla chips, lime, chili, cilantro, and a lime cumin vinaigrette. The mixed greens were very leafy and "healthy" (possibly had some kale in there). I like that, but it might be too much for some people. 

So many of the menu items looked good, I definitely want to go back for dinner. Plus, I have to have another one (or two.. or three) of those margaritas.
I always thought it would be cool to have my own private compound.  You know, kind of like the "Cheney Compound" that our former VP had.  Except I would let Google Maps display mine...mostly because I don't have the power to bend the intertubes to my will and control the Googles.  I also don't have a man-sized safe in my office or play "pepper the lawyer" with my lawyer friends.

Not that I'm against the occasional "peppering" when it's called for in the case of not just lawyers but oil company and health insurance company executives, politicians or media talking heads.  I would of course only sanction rock salt or bird shot, I'm a reasonable man after all.

But since I don't have a compound I guess I can go to The Compound Grill from time to time.  I was here for a UYE send-off of our illustrious Yelp Community Manager, Gabi.  Not that we won't see her anymore but she is moving up the ladder and overseeing multiple Yelp communities now, sort of like a really cool and sophisticated mother hen overseeing a bunch of foodie chicks from different nests.  Not exactly like chicks because she can tell if we're male or female by looking.  

So The Compound Grill hosted this event because they stood to make a few bucks off of the deal.  Hey, they're in business to make money, right?  When we arrived we had the choice of going "off the menu " or buying the wristband for $10 and having the buffet and a couple free drinks.

The buffet was pretty good.  I liked some of the food better than others.  The chicken satay sort of things were tasty and I appreciated that they had some nice hot pepper sauce to punch it up.  The salad was good, the sushi ok, the key lime torts were tasty, I loved the grilled sweet potato. 

The Compound apparently has live music regularly and they get some pretty good acts.  Overall I liked the atmosphere, the service and the food and I would come back to take in some live tunes.  The Compound Grill displays easily on Google Maps so they may want to look in to that.
I have been here a number of times in the last month or so and I have enjoyed it every time.  They have great live music (including EastonAshe, which I do really like) and their food is pretty great too for a local place.

I went here for the music festival in April and also went here for Gabi's promotion event... the service was good.  I was standing at the bar, waiting to get my change when someone came up to me and made sure I had been taken care of.  I appreciate things like that.
Now this is a real brunch! I got a whole wheat egg white chorizo burro that came with a side of potatoes and a side of summer fruits for $6.95 much better than my experience on Mother's Day at Earl's Patio! This place has the best service, great food and again the opportunity to see Live Music weekdays and weekends! Definitely my favorite place!
I just threw a birthday bash for my boyfriend! and we had great service and a great time! They did a great job in accommodating our large group of 20 people in their VIP area and imagine all separate checks too and still no mix ups! We had a wonderful time! I totally love this place. Check out their calendar for many different styles of live music-It's great! You can't go wrong with this place.
The food was extremely bland! The one thing that was good was the guacomole, but everything else my family and I had eaten was just terrible. Our waiter couldn't reccomend a plate and had no personality - he seemed extremely awkward. He did however take the fish and chips my aunt ordered off the bill after she had stated her displeasure with the dish. Overall, I would advise against this place! The ambience did not make up for the bland, flavorless dishes.
Just what Scottsdale needed!  A place with healthy & tasty, affordable food, great ambiance, with live music.  The mood takes over you right as you walk in the door.  And they have some great shows coming up, we will definitely be back.
I still love Compound Grill, but have to take a star off for the cruddy service last night.  

My server was just not good.  I don't know if it was inexperience or that he just didn't give a shit, but yeah.  Just not good.

I purposely ordered my kids meal with the apps so that he could get it quicker.  Apps came, our entrees came, still no meal for kiddo.  When I mentioned it, I knew he forgot.  At least he came and admitted it.  Meantime, my kiddo is starving and asking where his food is, etc.  Ugh.

Also, don't love that they don't automatically give you water.  I had to ask, twice, for water.  What is that?  Why would any restaurant in metro Phoenix 110 degrees not automatically give you water.

Also, I think if you have sushi-type rolls on your menu, you should provide chopsticks.  He said he would get me some and never did.

The food was good and the manager (I think--he was in street clothes, but he was our server the previous visit) was attentive. 

I still love the venue, but Compound Grill, please get rid of Brian N. or teach him how to be a server.  I tipped 15%.  I can't even remember the last time I only tipped 15%.  I'm a server, too, and I always take care of servers, but I couldn't bring myself to do it this time.
This is the best place I've been to for combining great food, great live music. It has a gorgeous modern + clean atmosphere.

The food is mainly organic and local and there are even a handful vegan options! Just watch out -- the owner (who is very friendly) seems to think that gluten-free is the same thing as vegan and we almost ordered a non-vegan dessert based on his misconception. That was a few months ago, so maybe he's got it down now?

I love the more intimate atmosphere for live music. We saw Trevor Hall at the Marquee and again here at the Compound and it was great getting to be right there, a foot away from Trevor's guitar. 

We also came for the Mother's Day brunch and it was the best way to celebrate! The music was great and the buffet was huge. There were a lot of vegan breakfast foods for the brunch and it was all so amazingly delicious. The chef rocks! I don't know of any other local place to get vegan breakfast so it was definitely a great place to be. 

I will give this place 5 stars when they add more vegan meals to their regular menu. I don't usually give a place stars based on the availability of vegan foods but I think this venue caters to that type of eater and it could offer a little more. Other than that I can't find a single thing wrong or missing with this place. It is just awesome. 

I can't wait to come back here and bring friends!
Love this place! Always a hit when I come here! Food is fresh and mostly organic. Healthy but yummy. Even there drinks tastes healthy if that makes sense! Had the pomegranate drink with real pomegranate seeds in them!! There salads to burgers to brunches are all good. Affordable too. They also have live entertainment mostly every night. Great spot!
Great food, drinks and service with Live music on most days! Check their online calendar to know the music bands playing , some of them need tickets but generally it would only mean a $5 cover charge after 9PM.  Nice happy hour deals,too! Nice place for spending special twosome time together or just hang out with friends/colleagues.

I loved the ambiance, the superb lighting, feel of a cozy place with bar on one end and a separate section for music bands and empty space that turns into a dance floor in no time with awesome music. If you are the types to want to tap a foot or two with a drink, make sure your companion "is in the mood" to get up with you- the energy would be inviting for sure!!

Guacamole, Mojitos and Martinis are a must try for starters. Decent pricing and totally worth it!
No music playing at 3:00 in the afternoon. Will not dine here again.The food not so good and we all felt violated when the bill arrived. Very ordinary and expensive. I had the brisket burrito, sounded great in the description, very dry and no flavor. After reading reviews might try some beverages and listen to some music.(Maybe that's what its all about).
We went for Cowboy Junkies-Loved it---The seating could have been organized a little better but other then that it was a good time.
This was my second visit ,   I seemed to be more impressed the first visit. 
First off, they wanted to charge us a cover charge there because there happened to be a band.  Not cool.   We are eating.  If that is the case, we should get a credit back on our bill if we order food.  Well, the band was so loud that we couldn't even talk, which is what some people do while dining out!   So, you need to decide, if you want to talk and dine, that is not the place.   We sat in the bar and the speakers over our head were really loud.   Sad to say, but we were happy when the band went on break.   I was disappointed because there aren't a lot of live music venues in Scottsdale that aren't dive bars.  We would have stayed longer if there was a happy medium with the volume. 
As for the food......
They changed to the summer menu so I couldn't recall what I ate the first time and of course I didn't YELP about it.   
I ordered Ceviche and the waitress commented on how full of seafood and fish it was, and when it arrived, it was NOT the case.   I was not impressed with their version of ceviche.  Too much like watered down tomato soup with very little seafood.   
My first visit was better.  I love the concept about fresh and local produce and meats and fish.   I will try again for one last time.
Just a great local venue.  Can't say enough postive things about them.  It's a win for everyone considering all the food, staff and owners are local and many have apparently been ties into the music scene.  The music is great every night but you should be prepared to pay a cover if you go after a certain time. 

Plus, I'm no foodie but I haven't had a bad meal yet!
I was skimming Yelp looking for something new to do on a Saturday night when I ran across Compound Grill. It is quite a distance from my house but it looked interesting enough to make the trek. We got there just before 9pm and were promptly seated. I looked around in awe, Phoenix/Scottsdale does not have many dinner/music venues, especially any as nice as this. To break it down: 

The set up and sound system were wonderful, the music was not overpowering, and the seats we had were great. We could easily see the band, enjoy the music and still carry on a conversation. I'll admit I didn't much care for the band, but the set up is so that if it was a band I enjoyed it would have been perfect. 

The food left a lot to be desired. The friend green tomatoes were not green, but rather red and very mushy. The tacos were decent, but I wouldn't order them again. The lamb was good, but a bit overcooked, the chimichurri served with it was great. The napa crisp was delicious, brie, apricot jalapeño jam, and arugula. All in all it was better than bar food, but you would expect a bit more for the prices. 

3 stars for great potential. If this place put a little more thought in to the food and I went during a time a talented band was playing I bet I could bump the rating to 4.
I absolutely love Compound Grill. I have been coming here since they opened and it just seems to be getting better and better. The staff is friendly, the music is great and the food is fantastic. 

It's a great place for a happy hour date or a large dinner with friends. If you haven't been here yet I recommend check it out and you will be hooked like me!
I love the Compound Grill!  Food was great and anywhere that offers thai, sushi AND mexican and does all of them well= heaven.  Music was fantastic and great acoustics.  I'm definitely a fan!
Since my husband and I are vegetarians, I can't tell you how thrilled we are to have this place nearby. Their menu is based on organic, local, healthy food and very veggie friendly. The menu is great, I am especially fond of the Veggie Burros and the LEED Burger. They have great lunch specials for $9.95 which includes a beverage. Don't go on a Friday or Saturday night if you are looking to have a quiet conversation. The bands will be playing and depending on where you are seated, intense conversations could be challenging. I've always enjoyed the music personally and this this place is a great addition to the Phoenix restaurant/music scene.
My rating is actually more of a 3 1/2 star rating than a 4, but since that is not an option I figured I'd be generous and round up.  This is also for the bar area only.

Compound Grill is a place that I wanted to love so much.  We've been here three times, with our first experience being the best.  That was about seven months ago and we were soo happy to find they had Bear Republic Racer 5 on tap, as well as a variety of Bells Beers.  It was so promising - finding craft beer in the North Scottsdale area.  We were also soo happy to sit at the bar and be entertained while Los Lobos took the stage and played an amazing set.  Although it was crowded and finding a seat was a challenge, we were enamored.  Or so we thought.  

The next time we visited Compound Grill was about three months later.  The place was practically empty - even around Happy Hour time, and when we went to the bar to order our beers - all of our favorite kegs were tapped.  Bear Republic - Sorry - out.  Bells Oberon - out.  Bells Two Hearted Ale - Out again.  We decided to just order a round of bottles - but really had no intention of staying past the first round because the vibe quickly turned from happy to disappointed.

About two months after, we visited Compound again - to watch Vinyl Station perform.  They put on a good show - and once again - the place was crowded.  They did have all of their beers on tap which was a relief - so we realized we must've just hit it on an off night previously.

My feelings on Compound Grill are mixed.  I love the idea of a music venue in North Scottsdale with a good drink selection.  It's kind of like what Tempe used to be - going to ASU and watching all of the local bands.  And although the beers are kind of pricey (ranging from $6-$8 for a pint), it would be worth paying if there was a band we really wanted to see.  But would we stop in here just to sit at the bar and relax?  Not likely. I just feel like there are so many better places to go in the area, at a lower price.
Have been to Compound for many happy hours and brunches. Excellent food and always wonderful service. Just watched the football game today, was there THREE hours and spent a ton of money drinking and having dinner. They had a concert, we didn't know about. They asked us to leave or pay $10 a head. We spent over $100 and would have spent over $100 more at least. My friend asked the hostess to PLEASE waive the fee since we'd been there so long. She did! We moved to the bar per her request, and the manager-THOMAS, came over-after we ordered another round and asked us to leave. BEFORE we had two sips of our drinks. I told him the hostess said we could stay, and he called us liars. He then proceeded to belittle the very accommodating hostess in front of the other patrons. Others left they were so uncomfortable. I will NEVER go there again...SO RUDE!!!
First off, I will have to say that the food is very good, especially the green chili turkey burger.  I was a big fan of this restaurant, but each time I go back, I feel like it gets worse and worse.  The service is horrible.  It is the bar staff that is just down right rude and they do not know what customer service is.  I waited and waited and waited for someone to come to our table to greet us and take our order, but no one ever did.  I was so annoyed I just walked out.  They don't smile and they do not acknowledge you.  It seems as if you have annoyed them by walking in there.  Give this place a try, but beware of the rude staff service.
Yay! Now they have a better Happy Hour and a Reverse Happy Hour! Another plus for this place! So far some of the bands we have  loved What Laura Says, Bill Dutcher, Delcoa, Easton Ashe, CowBoy Junkies
(of course) Matt Schoefeld... and a few others great atmosphere and service with good food organic food supporting local vendors which is always nice.
My dad took me here on the morning I was leaving Arizona for brunch.  I don't even remember what I had, but it was really good.  Guess that's not such a glowing endorsement, but it's all I got.  Apparently they have live music at nights, which I wouldn't mind checking out next time I'm in town.  The end.
I've been to a couple shows here, and the live sound is as good as anywhere in the Valley.  Great beer selection, and the food ranges from acceptable (hummus) to great (burger).  Mostly friendly staff.  Service is always on the better side of okay - but you can expect a hassle (or maybe just indifference?) from the front door staff.  Otherwise, the location is the only bummer for me.
I have been to the compound grill on two occasions.  Both times I was disappointed with the food.  The service was fine, and the drinks were great.

I can put it to you this way.  I have four or five free app coupons in my purse, and I haven't bothered to use them.  One dish, in particular, has kept me away from there - the bean dip, which I no longer see on the menu was truly awful.

I would go there and meet up for drinks, but I wouldn't bother to eat there, even for free.
I always enjoy the concerts here, and the food is good.  I am sometimes disappointed with the service.   Everyone is super friendly,  but they forget to bring the drinks we ordered and we end up going to the bar to get them...

6/25/11  I still go to the Compound often, as the selection of live musical act seen here are second to none in the Phoenix area.  However, I continue to be disappointed in the service, and food. Last time I was there my sister had a taco, and the fish was bad.... how can you serve up bad fish? My other sister ordered some soup and they just did not bring it, they left and she had to go up to the bar and ask for her food.  When we were seated and waited about 30 minutes before anyone acknowledged us... I had to say kind of loudly, "looks like we have no waiter" and someone finally came over to us... the place was dead... and they ignored us, a table of 5....  The staff is friendly but they just do not get good customer service.. and if your going to charge for top quality food, make sure it is infact top quality, and most importantly fresh...

I will keep frequenting the Compound like I said I love the music,  but they really need to do something about the service.  I've been there maybe 20 times, and it is often very poor....
We stopped here here for lunch Sunday and it was totally dead. I think there was 4 tables. This place is big with lots of seating. They have a good size stage and bands that play almost nightly. My girlfriend got the ahi tuna. The tuna was good, cooked perfectly and had a nice lemon and fresh herb taste. The veggies that came with could have been cooked just a bit more cause they were still very crunchy but they did tasted good. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice, beans, with a green chili sauce. The chicken enchilada was big and stuffed full of chicken. It was not rolled like your typical enchilada but it was more like a stacked enchilada. Rice was good and the beans were very light in texture. They were whipped and were very smooth. I did like the beans but they needed some salt for sure. The kido got a cheese crisp and fries. She is so funny cause she is really picky about what color the cheese is and if it is open of folded like a quesadilla. She wanted it open and with yellow cheddar. It came folded and with white cheese on it. lol She ate just the fries. When they came back they asked if we wanted them to make something else she said she was good with the fries so we said thanks but we will be ok. About 5 min later they came out with 3 small mini cheese crisps for her with yellow cheddar. lol This was so cool of the rest. This was really nice of them. Overall I liked it, I think the place has a great menu and prices are good. I want to come back and check out some music. I took a look at the happy hour menu and they have $3 wings and many other happy hour specials for $3-6. That I will be going back for!!!
***SPOILED FOOD AND BAD SERVICE FROM MANAGER**

We went out on a family dinner about 2 Fridays ago.  We were seated very quickly and the restaurant was busy.  The live music was great and it reminded me of the restaurants in Austin, TX.  We of course went there for the food and service as well and here it goes: 

-DRINKS: My husband ordered a beer on tap that never came. He had to go to the bar to order one. Then out of the blue, the server puts a beer on the table without any comments. 

-WAIT TIME FOR FOOD: 45 minutes with no 1 visit from our waiter. We were dining with our 2 boys (8 & 6) who were climbing the walls at this point and hungry. I also 6 months pregnant was very hungry.

- FOOD: I ordered two tacos, one shrimp and one Mahi Mahi. I also ordered beans and rice.  The Mahi Mahi tacos had a funny smell to them, they had gone BAD/spoiled.  I know what bad fish smells like.  I couldn't believe that a cook actually cooked and served BAD fish since BAD fish has a weird smell from the time its taken out of the package to cooking it and to the table.  
  -Rice and Beans: The pinto beans albino colored, I had never seen that color of beans.  The beans didn't taste like beans at all. I did not eat the remainder of my food after being disgusted from the bad fish smell. 

-MANAGER: I spoke to the Manager regarding the spoiled fish. He said that he would come grab it from the table. He took my entire plate back and asked if I would like anything else.  I stated that I was afraid to place another order since it took so long to get our food. I ordered some salsa and chips.

-SALSA & CHIPS: The chips were not fresh and hard, the salsa was terrible! I was not happy.

-MANAGER RETURNS: The manager apologized and confirmed that the fish WAS SPOILED, I told him that I new this and if I had eaten in in my pregnant stage I would have been VERY sick. He offered to comp my meal and a gift card for a future visit.

- THE BILL: The meal was not completely comped. I was charged for the side of beans and rice- which was in the plate w/the Mahi Mahi.
We were also charged for the other beer that took forever to come. My husband had to dispute this.  The charges were removed from the bill. 

-MANAGER IGNORED ME:  As I walked to the front of the restaurant with my 2 boys, the manager saw me and and kept on walking. He returned to the front and decided to ignore me.  NEVER did he bring up the fact that he was going to issue me a gift card for my BAD experience. At this point, I decided that we weren't going to be returning to this restaurant.  

-KID FRIENDLY: Yes, they offered a kids menu w/drinks.

NOTE TO THE MANAGER:** RESTAURANTS STRUGGLE AND MANY OF THEM DON'T SURVIVE IN SCOTTSDALE. PEOPLE KNOW PEOPLE AND WORD OF MOUTH SPREADS LIKE WILDFIRE.  I HAVE WARNED ALL OF MY FRIENDS ABOUT MY BAD EXPERIENCE. DON'T FORGET WHY YOU ARE IN BUSINESS AND WHO KEEPS YOU IN BUSINESS!
I do not love the food here and (I feel like an old lady saying this but,) the music is generally too loud. That said, they get some AWESOME acts, a good beer selection and I can live with the fish & chips (don't expect "traditional" - think bread crumbs...).

Shows sell out! Make a reservation whenever possible for better seating options.
Great food especially for lunch because there are certain items that come with protein and a drink. I love going here with a friend from work during lunch for a great atmosphere an awesome food!
My first and only time there may overinflate my opinion but this is one of my favorite places in town because it's also a venue. I got to go see Martin Sexton play live so I showed up a couple hours early. We didn't reserve a table so we got to put our feet up on couches in the lounge and they brought us our food there. I had the fish tacos and thought they were great. There was a Suns game that night so the place was packed for that as well. Very cool place.
Loved the place.  The service was great.  My glass never emptied until I left.  The food was great.  We did not realize that they have music every night.  We arrived early but the place was becoming packed as we were leaving.  The music was really good and not too loud, especially for the size of the place.  The variety of food on the menu would serve a variety of tastes.  Highly recommended!
Slow, albeit friendly, service.  Menu is WAY too big for their own good (think a little smaller than Cheesecake Factory), and food is a huge disappointment. 

I had the shrimp tacos: TWO TINY PIECES of shrimp in each dry tortilla!  Had to ask for guac and hot sauce.  Also, the rice sucked and the beans were def frozen "beans" that had been heated up.  
My mom (yes, I lunch with my mom :)) had the plain, dry French toast with a side of Turkey sausage, which is probably the only thing I liked at this place. 

Maybe the live music is cool when it's here, otherwise, this place is a definite pass
This place is random.  R A N D O M random.  I don't "get" it.
Went for lunch, while taking a break from medical testing at the Mayo Clinic.  This place was empty.  Ok, there were a half dozen other people there, but it barely counts with the size of the place.
Now, I like that there is a stage (guess who thought of doing comedy there???!!!) and that they have live music that promotes local bands.  I am all for that.  But, there comes a point when you can't have the place seem too classy for that sort of thing.  Framed pictures of different musical icons are nice, but overplayed.  Everywhere else.  
It just doesn't work here at Compound Grill.
I had the fish n chips for lunch.  5 nuggets of fish places over a bowl of fries that weren't anything special.  When will people stop serving shoestring fries????  It was cool that everything was served in a bowl made from an old record that had been warped into...the shape of a bowl, though.  
Service was friendly and attentive.  The manager or owner or whoever he was also present.  I'm guessing because they though there would be a lunch rush.
For this area, in N Phoenix, so close to the 101/51 and N Scottsdale, I would expect a bigger lunch crowd.  Without it, I guess shows I'm not the first person to just find the place "meh."
Great place to see a band play - The stage is large, they offer great seating options, a cute little dance area, and the sound system rocks. I wouldn't come here just for dinner and drinks.
I wanted to love this place so bad but they just really under-delivered.  '

I went to see the Young Dubliners and Brazen Heads show which actually was pretty good.  The sound was nice and we had a table which made viewing the show really nice. 

Food and beverages were the major failure for me.  For starters they ran out of Guiness and Diet Coke.  Let me remind you this is an irish show so Guiness is a major asset and to run out is completely absurd.  The diet coke goes with Jameson and not having that is pretty amazing as well.  

I spoke to two seperate staff outside about the Guiness and they told me that I should just do irish car bombs with Moosedrool.  LOL I couldn't believe it no apologies or anything.  

My food order was a 16oz grass fed rib-eye and griddled mashed potato's.  Honestly the best part was the side.  The steak had huge globs of unmelted fat in it and I had to saw it with my knife to cut pieces off.  I couldn't believe how badly it was cooked especially with the $24 price tag on it.  

I would've given 3.5 stars but the guiness mishap just knocked it down to a complete 2 star failure.
Went last night for Zoe Keating concert. The sound was good and our coffees were pretty tasty (though overpriced) but with our $15 ticket, we didn't "make a reservation" so we were seated on the other side of the bar as far away from the stage as possible. If you're going to pay $15 for an hour concert, it should at the very least include a table in the actual concert area. I thought that was a little ridiculous. They also charged a $4 "service charge" (for what??) on each ticket. Though they have a nice stage and layout, I will never be back.
food is decent and the beer selection is good.  service is the worst.  i've been there over 5 times now and every time it gets worse.  one time we sat in an empty restaurant for over 10 minutes waiting for someone to come to the bar and wait on us.  last night we went there during happy hour and then got the bill with full price food on it.  we asked why it wasn't happy hour pricing and the waiter says "i gave you the regular price portion" we said "we ordered the food during happy hour, we assumed that you'd bring us the happy hour food"  he literally just stared for about 20 seconds like we'd just spoken a foreign language.  then he said well, maybe you ordered it after 6pm.  the woman i was with said "the receipt is time stamped at 549" he goes, well i guess i could give you the happy hour price then, but the portions for that are much smaller.  total jackass.  
i know that the face of the restaurant is the service, and if they are lousy or have a bad day that will reflect poorly on the restaurant which may not be to blame.  but after 5 times, i can safely say there are better alternatives to this place.  so many restaurants within a 5 mile radius - don't go here.
I really enjoyed myself here tonight.  I forgot to bring some earplugs, so my ears are still ringing from listening to the live band, but that's okay.  They sounded fantastic and were a lot of fun to listen to.  I had the Ranchero Salad with grilled shrimp, and it was delicious--excellent tomatoes and fresh mixed greens.  My Racer IPA from CO was great, as well.  Service was good.  All in all, an enjoyable evening.  I would definitely come back for the music, the beer, and the food!
After dinner, we wanted to sit and have a few drinks.  We stumbled into The Compound Grill.  They were charging a $5.00 cover fee that night, but the bouncer guy was nice to let us in at no cover.   The Ray Johnston Band was playing very awesome music.  We sat outside in the patio enjoying the cool weather.  A friend had ordered the Compound Quesadilla.  The quesadilla dip was melted with Monterey jack cheese and generous potion of green chili.   It was sooooooo good!  The staff was attentive and made us feel very comfortable and relaxed.  We even received a sampler CD for the upcoming McDowell Mountain Music Festival.  They have fried green tomatoes here, anyone try it yet?
We went here tonight on a whim. My husband had lunch here last week and wanted to take me to dinner to try it and I happened to be near his office so we headed over. 

I like that they have lots of local talent, it seems, on their stage. We were there before the night's show so we just saw the opening act but he was good. Service was plenty attentive, so no complaints there. Our waiter even told us to order quickly because once it got busier, food would take longer to come out. We started with the chips and two salsas. I really liked the avocado/tomatillo salsa which was a great, fresh-tasting compliment to the fresh chips. 

For dinner, I had the turkey green chile burger. It was alright. Decent flavor but nothing super special. The yam fries (sweet potatoes are white, not orange but hey, everyone does it!) were really good! They had a great flavor and an awesome, crunchy-on-the-outside-creamy-on-the-inside texture. My husband had the quesadilla burger which was better than mine. You can tell the quality of the ingredients is very good here and as much as possible, they seem to use organic fare. His burger was cooked just as he ordered, medium rare, was juicy and very flavorful.

Their beer list is very impressive and they have some great offerings you don't tend to see on menus outside of their local markets (many in Colorado). Overall, I would come here again and try some more menu items and stay for the show and maybe bump up my rating with a "wow" dish.
The Compound
This venue does not honor their contracts with artists that perform at the premises...do not play this event unless you are prepared to receive a BS story about why they wont pay there contractual obligation despite your band packing the house with at least 250 people, their music director "Kyle Day" is a liar, cheat and participates in un-ethical business practices...AKA....Arsehole....
To Lee E. I was there last night. The headline band was Silent Film which was appropriate except for the 35 minutes they played they WERE. Lets explore the Kyle Day comment. He books a band to headline a Friday night, the place is open well past midnight and the headline band announces at 9:35 "this is our last song, thanks for coming". Then he gets to argue with some lymie prick manager for 20 minutes about why the band is only playing for 35 minutes. Then he gets to refund cover charges to people who paid to see the band. Then he asks the band that played before Silent Film to come back onstage and play for the people who are still there. If you would have noticed the place was full because people came to see Ashley sing. Back to Kyle Days master plan, so he does all this before 10:00 P.M. You are probably right, this was a huge money making night to have the headline band quit at 9:35. I hope Danny Zelesko or Live Nation don't get wind of this it is "brilliant". See you next Tuesday.
Yippe-kai-aaaay! Honey and I met friends there last Friday after hearing so many great things about this joint and I am pleased to let you know, they were all spot on. 
We saddled up to a table near the bar, ordered drinks (me a skinny marg which was good, but a little weird because of the bubbly? i guess they thought adding soda water made it skinnier?) and once our friends joined us we ordered the queso fondue appetizer. Melted cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms served with warm tortilla chips? Can I get a Hell-yeah? It was super yum. Like moaning at each bite nummy. Also not too heavy like some cheese-based appetizers can be. We got more chips and cleaned house. 
Onto entrees. Honey and I shared the steak fajitas and our friends shared the quesadilla burger. Everyone at the table ordered a $2 taco add-on (that my friends, is Brilliant!) and whallah, here's comes the goods, perfectly timed. 
Our fajitas were loaded with crispy veggies - you name it, it was in there. Sooooo flipping over the top good. And a testament to their quality of meat was that you didn't need to scissor your front teeth for 2 minutes after each bite to separate the rest of the meat in the tortilla to that in your mouth. Excellent stuff! 
Our friends also loved their burger and the tacos were the perfect complement to both of our meals. 
The music - first some guy with a guitar and a great voice and then a old-time country music band were very enjoyable. The music wasn't too loud, the quality was excellent and while none of us are country music fans, it was fun to hear everyone's favorites sung live - and very well. 
Overall, a GREAT place to eat and relax and enjoy music. We'll certainly be back.
Live music was good. Food was ok...I can take it or leave it, nothing great
If you didn't give this place 5 stars, you did not eat their street tacos.  We found them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival however many months ago and were finally in the area around dinner time.

We ordered three apps, the steak, and street tacos.  I had a margarita, hubby had some good beer, the kiddo had apple juice.

As a family we agreed that it was COMPLETELY worth the trip and the wait.  We had such a nice night on the patio... 

Husband has quite the appetite and three steak tacos were too much for him.

Feast and be merry!
Compound Grill is great.  I work across the street so I've been there for lunch a few times.  I recently just had my first live music experience there which was fantastic.  

First, the food ingredients always taste fresh and the service is very friendly and accomodating.  And here is where the accomodating piece really was kicked up a notch for me.  As mentioned, I just recently went to Compound for a Thursday night show.  The band playing was pretty popular, so by the time we arrived, it was packed.  They couldn't accomodate our table of five, so jokingly I asked if we could sit in the "VIP" area right by the stage.  Thinking the girl would laugh, she instead said seriously, "let me ask my manager."  Within about 10 seconds, we were seated in VIP.  How great of them!

What's great is Compound is it's not a stuffy place.  The food is organic, but the atmosphere is really laid back.  Overall review: great food, great service, great atmosphere.
I love the layout of The Compound. The food is good, but the service is slow. I love that there is a nice live music venue in our neighborhood. Well done John, just beef up the service.
Good food, not a bad place to hear a show.  Nice beer selection.  The tacos are quite good.
We made a reservation for a birthday on 7/11/11 about a week prior to visiting compound grill, I was very excited to finally eat here, only problem, THEY WERE CLOSED when we showed up. You would think that they would have mentioned to us that they were closed on mondays when we made the reservation for monday or even if they forgot at the time of the reservation, maybe once the date approached they would see in their books that there was a reservation made for a day that they were not even open and call and let us know. nope none of that. So unfortunately I can not rate the food but something tells me things are a little screwed up if you schedule a customer for a reservation on a day you are closed. Get things right and do it quick because I have had the ceviche at culinary festival and it was great.....
I enjoy this place...mainly for the entertainment factor. The food is okay and the drinks are priced as you would expect at any bar in Scottsdale. They do have some good drink specials some nights during the week. I love that they are trying very hard to keep the live music steady; this can't be easy. 
They have a fair amount of seating so as long as you don't get there too late there should be plenty of room for you and your friends to sit and have a great night.
I have to give Compound a middle of the road three stars based on averaging several experiences here.  I've had stellar times, I've had awful times - but the music will keep me coming back.

Am I rating a music venue that serves food, or a food venue that spotlights live music?  If the former, I'd give the place 4 stars.  The latter would get 2.  So - here we are, back at .3.

The service has been pretty consistently awful across the board.  I don't think I've had what I'd consider good service ever.  
The most recent vist came close.  But did involve waiting almost a half hour to be aknowledged at the table, and a very strange cocktail incident.  I ordered an Irish Coffee.  I ended up getting a deconstructed version.  She asked if I wanted it with Bailey's or "just" whisky.  Well, Irish coffee doesn't have Bailey's, so I opted for the "just whisky" version.  The waitress came back with my water and my friend's beer and told me they just put up fresh coffee for me.  YAY!  Then she comes with a shot glass of whisky.  The sugar caddy was already on the table.  Then comes the mug of coffee and cream.  It's a build your own Irish Coffee bar!  Just like BYO Bloody Mary - but NOT.  Given this was the second not-acceptable experience with Irish coffee in two weeks - at two places - I am thinking it gets relegated to an "at home" drink for me!

Over the past couple of years, I have had several items off the menu (apps, entrees and desserts) and have had the buffet sometimes served on the patio.  I love the concept of what they're doing with food (local, organic where possibe, etc.) - the execution is lacking and the prices reflect the N Scottsdale location.

Like I said - it's not the food, it's not the service - the music will keep me coming back.  I can eat and drink at other places before and after - but when you want to see a specific performer or band - and that's where they're booked - you can overlook the crap service, right?

POSITIVE SIDE NOTE - they recently raised the stage - so for standing room only shows, you can actually see the band now, even if you're not in the front row!
I recently saw one of my favorite bands here and was so impressed by the venue and the food that I rated it five stars.

As far as the food goes, my friends and I split the ceviche gazpacho and the quesadilla burger.  The gazpacho tasted too spicy for my weak taste buds, but all of my companions raved about it.  My mouth watered over the quesadilla burger!  This treat was tasty enough to bring me back to The Compound even if I'm not seeing a band (and I live 40 minutes away).  Eden, our server, provided excellent service during dinner, and during the show.

We went to The Compound to see a band we really like.  We arrived early to eat and get situated in our reserved table.  Situated near the stage, the table proved a great place to rest between songs, and it was nice to be able to sit if we wanted.  The acoustics in the center of the floor offer a crisper sound than the tables to the side.  I really like that we could reserve the table ahead of time and not have to fight for a seat in a packed venue.  Matt, the manager, also shared the extra advertising posters with us, which made us all extremely happy. 

Not only will I come back for the food, I would not hesitate to see music in this venue.  If you like small venues and The Compound is hosting a band you like, you would be crazy not to go.
Wow.  Amazing food.  The portions were generous and the food amazing.  I recommend the short ribs, really big portions.  My wife got the shrimp and scallops but had them prepare it with olive oil and garlic to avoid the cream sauce (lactose intolerance) and it was delicious.  The beer selection is impressive, I recommend the Porter.  Live music gave it a great atmosphere.
The fact that it was difficult to find doesn't factor into the terrible rating, but for those of you who need help (as I did), it's on Mayo to the far west side of the complex (by the chain stores, not in the center with the theater).

Pulling up, you see a nice building with stone work. The lounge and bar area were beautiful. NOTE: This is where you need to sit if you want to have a conversation with your companions. In the main seating area, which is big, open, cold (literally and figuratively) and with little decor, it's very loud.

We went last Sunday to the free AZ Chicks with Picks show. It was fine. Some of the performers were even good. It's really the food and service that I find fault with.

Hubby started with the steak quesadillas. At $15 it's steep for an appetizer, but the portion is large. The steak was plentiful and well seasoned (good grill taste). I had the apricot and brie crisp, which came out half burned. It's VERY sweet, although the fresh arugula tries its best to balance it.

What got me was we were literally four bites into our apps when the bus boy delivers our entrees. Seriously? Drops them off and leaves. The kitchen doesn't know enough to time food? The busser isn't smart enough to see we have plates full of food already??

I had the shrimp and scallops. It had a terrible fishy smell and was literally inedible. The sauce was too hot (spicy). The rice was crunchy and undercooked. My mixed veggies were coated in oil. Hubby had the chewy steak, strange mashed potatoes, and also mixed veggies (interestingly, he had rapini, while I did not, and his had no grill marks but was still swimming in oil). 

We left our entrees uneaten and filled up on a pizza cookie for dessert. If you must eat there, I'd stick to the burgers, which get good reviews, or the apps, as the entrees are expensive and terrible. 

The only time our waitress showed any kindness was to thank us as we were leaving. Damn us and our over-tipping.
Good drink prices for happy hour but steak sandwich was made with beef jerky I believe! Didn't experience the eBay
Entertainment,  heard it was good. The bartender, I hope it wasn't the manager, was on the inattentive side, sarcastic and not very friendly. Not a good thing in these economic times. Can name several places that have come and gone due to this. Might try again, it was a busy night due to Scottsdale Chamber holding an event there from what I understand.
I went to The Compound strictly to see a band play. I did not try any of the food, so I can only comment on this place as a music venue. 

The Compound really needs to rethink the set up of this place. It's more of a resaurant and any band playing there almost gets resigned to background music. I don't like the set up of the tables. It's just not great for watching a band. You have the servers passing by every few minutes to take orders and deliver food to tables. This is distracting for someone trying to enjoy the music. 
I think it would be best if the restaurant was seperated from the stage area. 
Though the band I saw at The Compound was awesome, I would probably not go back to The Compound for a concert unless it was a band I was truly dying to see. The set up of this place I find just that bad. 
I may go back to try the food, but as far as seeing a band here the experience wasn't that great to make me come back for a concert.
For a restaurant centered around its music venue, the food is better than many restaurants centered solely around their food. The music was great, too, but that's to be expected. To start, we ordered the spinach salad with crispy noodles, cherry tomatoes, candied walnuts and apple cider dressing soaked oranges, then the fish tacos wrapped in lettuce with a side of refried beans and veggie-full spanish rice, and the grilled veggie burrito. Everything was delicious. 

 Everything also cost about 40 bucks, which made me more relieved that it was delicious, rather than impressed (I mean, fish I understand, but grilled veggies and spinach? 13 dollars each? Eh.) Plus, you have to pay the cover charge to see whatever band is playing, so be prepared to spend. Also, place is about -10 degrees and I am convinced they're trying to freeze customers and sell them on the black market as human popsicles.

All in all, here's how to have a good time: bring a friend who likes music, a LocalDines certificate, and a parka.
Love this venue, wish it was closer to my house though.  The food and service has always been great.  Awesome acts nice clean atmosphere. I highly recommend.
Went here for the Skatalites show on 4/7/12.

I don't know, this place is weird. It's like a restaurant that wants to have concerts?

Really weird vibe. I got there in the middle of the opener and walked in to find a bunch of people sitting around and eating food at tables. That's cool I guess but I really didn't feel right standing, not that I care what anyone thinks about me but it just seemed odd.

Older people, yuppies and just a weird restaurant vibe. I also overheard one of the bartenders complaining about how there's no music scene in Phoenix. I've heard that for years and it pisses me off. While this place may be right off a freeway and not really too inconvenient, it sure does look inconvenient on a map. I would think their location alienates roughly 2/3 of the valley. Poor choice for a music venue location in my opinion.

Bartenders were nice but like I said the place just has a weird vibe. I don't know that being in a strip mall makes it any less odd either.

Almost forgot, the set timing was horrible. There was almost an entire hour between the opener and closer (only 2 bands played). I'm not sure whose fault that was but it seemed like just another thing to add to the overall awkwardness of the join.
Music and liveliness of the venue was hands down AMAZING! It was the first place I went to when I arrived in Vegas and well worth every dime spent in there. It's got a laid back feel, but everyones enjoying the music and ride together. The food (specifically the chicken & ribs combo dish) is AMAZING!!!! Finger licking good. The drinks are hands down delicious and I would have kept on drinking, but I was just so excited to be there that I kept it moving to another lounge after this meal. The service was quick & very upbeat & pleasant. I'd recommend this place to ANYONE that wants to be happy and have a great time without gamblin'
so i woke up and needed something delish and nutritious real bad after going to vegas to see muse with my buddy...amazing show. i had the best omellete and cheese grits ever - i mean seriously i've never had a better breakfest in my life. and thats not the hangover talking, my buddy agreed. 

the mirage was recently re-decorated and remodeled and its really nice now. its not encore or the wynn, but its real nice. super clean and the food there is great. 

this place is also a small blues venue at night
This restaurant/club was a convenient option since we were staying at the Mirage and most of the other restaurants were closed the week before Christmas.  From about 7-9:30 a very nice quartet was playing and provided a nice ambiance with dinner.  More blues/oriented rock music is played later in the evening.  The food was very decent and service good.  I had the scallops and shrimp with cheese grits and DS had the gravy smothered chicken.  The food could have been hotter, but was tasty and decent.  If you save your receipt you'll get free entry to the club anytime during the evening.   I also noticed they server breakfast- we didn't do that but might be good if the buffet line is long or you just want some better service.
OK food + Poor Service = BB King's Blues Club
* I didn't say around for live music, so that could alter my rating

BBQ pork sandwich = 3.5 / 5
Gumbo = 2.5 / 5 -- the Gumbo was very creamy ( light in color) and was not anything special.

Service was pretty awful and on a Sunday night that was 1/3 full, I'm surprised service was not better.
We were lucky enough to be here for the All Star Band (10:30 to 2:30 most nights), which I highly recommend! 11 players and guest singers that belt the blues and MoTown with power! TJ Barth is an amazing flailing blues guitarist, a terrific brass section (Sax, trump, slide trombone and a tenor sax) A key boardest with a G3 Organ and a hard driving drummer, knocking it out! Tunes were varied, but my favorite was "Midnight Train to Georgia" 

Really mind tripping blues! 

The food server was personable, fun and attentive. I nervously ordered ribs, my sexy sidekick g/f ordered fried catfish. I am happy to report we could have been in Memphis, the food was that solid. 

Prices were fair, no cover, and we got to keep the glasses as a souvenir. GREAT PLACE and we both hated to leave. 

Tip : get there a bit early and sit in the padded booth stage left. Great view. Perfect stop after seeing the Beatles LOVE.
Ok how about 2.5 stars?
The atmosphere is the quintessential blues vibe you'd expect. Our server Jeanelle was chipper and sweet, sloooooow, but sweet. They weren't very busy at 10 am and we just wanted a simple breakfast. We got dragged in by the guy offering "free drink tickets" with your food. I didn't have high expectations about it and I'm glad I didn't. I got Chicken & Waffles, which I've had before and it was mehh. My friends got omelette's and they didn't really LOVE them, but hey, we were hungry. 
Glad to know there is a Starbucks and another coffee shop in the casino.
We went here the day after they opened for lunch.  I really wanted to try the deep fried pickles but chickened out LOL  I ended up getting the Patty Melt and it wasn't bad (something hard to mess up though).

Positives:
Pricing is actually pretty reasonable for the strip in Vegas - a little pricey but not shockingly expensive.
Nice variety of dishes - lots of good comfort food.

Negatives:
The restaurant is really open and has a bit of big deli feel, just a sea of tables - looks like they tried to make it really easy to clear all the tables for music and dancing.

SInce I went there right after they opened I will give them another try sometime.  Not a bad place but not anything that knocked my socks off.
If you are looking for a place to get away from all the lights of a Vegas casino pop in to BB King's for a great meal (some BBQ) and plenty of good live music!

Added bonus is that they are open for breakfast and serve... I was not prepared for this... some of the best drip coffee I have ever had.
If your thinking about this place for breakfast - don't. If you got suckered into sitting down, and still haven't ordered - get up and leave. If you've already ordered - well then you're probably on Yelp to write your own bad review.
BB king's makes you forget you are in Vegas. The live music was good, pretty much what you would expect. The food was OK. But a nice change from the insanity of the strip... added bonus: no dudes slapping hooker cards all over in the restaurant.
What you've got boy is hard to find
Think about it all about it all the time
I'm all strung up my heart is fried
I just cant get you off my mind...at BB KING's BLUE's CLUB! - Kesha (your love is my drug)

Came here in the mid afternoon and it happened to be happy hour! Half off drinks and appetizers! I haven't been to a real southern place in a while so i was pretty excited about this place, and why wouldnt i be? vegas and live music + half off drinks/appetizers = sweet deal. ordered the buffalo bbq wings (probably the best thing we had, masterfully cooked) the chicken tenders (pretty good too) the chicken fried chicken (one of their signature dishes but seemingly failed considering it was overly salty and didn't taste anything like i thought it would and if i was drunk i wouldn't have been able to tell the difference between this and the chicken tenders that were 1/4th of the price lol + the mac and cheese it came with sucked) and the ribs (very good with this - no complaints). I definitely recommend this place for the happy hour drinks and appetizers - prices are extremely good for vegas.

Food: 4 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
We went for a early dinner. We had the catfish bit appetizers. Which were very good and set my expectations for the rest of the meal. So when my fried green tomatoes arrived I was excited until the first bite. 
They were thickly battered, not at all what I had in mind. I was thinking seasoned cornmeal... The batter encased the slice of tomato slice, it wasn't part of the slice if you know what I mean. It was nearly impossible to get a bite of tomato and batter together. In fairness I'm not a BBQ eater, I often go to restaurants knowing my choices will be limited.  As a rule BBQ places don't usually offer many seafood or vegetarian dished so I go to dine with friends.   Would I go back for dinner?  Probably not. To hear the band? Yes.    Peace
love the live music! a good mix of old and new stuff.  
love the sauce on the ribs! finger lickin' goodness. 

came here for a late night drink/snack with a bunch of friends. good alternative to the whole bar/club atmosphere. food is decently priced. free glass with certain drinks =P
at  Mirage. 7 day a week noon-6pm half-price happy hour makes me a drunk,happy panda. 1/2 off all drinks(even top shelf) & appetizers.  above average with angus sliders my favorite 1/2 price appetizer so far.  all you restauranteurs out there: use hawaiian sweet rolls as buns on yer sliders--fucking stellar. boneless chicken & wings again above average.  best boneless i've had--like small , tasty fried chicken breasts.  never had fried pickle slices before & dug them.  catfish nuggets tasty.   the tabletop video slots blackjack game appears fixed in a scary way--got duped into chasing money & blowing $60(don't play it for more than 5min).  nice/cool staff.  great theme & good mainstream blues music.  stayed at mirage 3 days & ate here at least 4 times.  finally tried fried chicken & waffles & i'll go outta my way to find more places that got it.
If you are looking for a good place to eat, look no further. My recommendation for you is BB King Restaurant located in the Mirage Casino. The food is so DELICIOUS!. My husband and I  have eaten there a few times and have ordered the Soul Sampler , Chicken fingers, Chicken Wings, the Lip Smackin' Ribs, the Catfish bites, the Country Fried chicken and have even gone there for breakfast (My husband's favorite). We have always been given very generous portions and the food is consistently delicious. My husband raves about their Lip Smacking Ribs (another favorite dish). The servers are always very pleasant and accomodating. They now have Happy Hour every day from Noon-6pm. Appetizers and drinks are 1/2 off.
Which will allow you to have more money for the slot machines :)
Trust me, you won't be sorry you went. If I could give them 6 stars or more I would. You will definitely want to go back again. I hope this review is helpful to you.
Food was fine, could have been better. You couldn't taste the spinach in the spinach salad because it was drowning in dressing. Service was horrible. We brought in some promo cards someone handed to us just outside of the Mirage and it took 5+ minutes to fix the check. It also took forever to even get water let alone get a refill.  We won't go back and wouldn't recommend it either - Too many other options.
When BB King's first opened at Universal City, I was excited and looking forward to going.  Took one look at the menu and was totally pumped. However, as much as I loved the music, the food was a huge disappointment..  I chalked it up to being a new establishment and let it go.  

I should have continued to let it go...

BB Kings in Las Vegas was even worse than the one in Universal City (food wise).  Not only the food, but the service was terrible.  If I could give them a grade, they would get an F for the food and a D - - (minus, minus) for the service.  I'm actually shocked that some people have given this place five stars. They must be on the payroll...

I ordered the whatever Rib Eye, cooked Medium, and got it well done to the point of it being reeeeeeaaaaalllly dry.  I felt like I was chewing glued saw dust wrapped in sand paper.  The mashed potatoes were uninspired... the string beans were equally coarse - yes those string beans were coarse.  To make matters worse, the corn bread was served cold.  I don't know anyplace, anywhere, that serves cold corn bread.

So, after experiencing how dry my rib eye was I sent it back and got another one.  They kept my fork mind you and the corn bread. I guess that was punishment for me sending it back... when my plate returned with another rib eye - it had NO flavor... I dunno what cooking talent that is that makes a naturally flavorful rib eye, un-flavorable, but hey, that's saying something for the cook...   the initial bite into my rather cool (not hot) rib eye was cooked medium but the more I dived into it, the more well done (and dry) it was.  Please keep in mind we are not talking about a thick rib eye - the one they serve was about 1/2 inch.  It doesn't take that long to cook a rib eye that thin, so uh, er, hmmm, how did that get messed up... Geez...

I'm sure the waitress was initially ready to help our party of 12, but she soon gave up being even remotely visible.  Short of coming back  to drop off the bills (separate checks) in one pile at the edge of the table, I, nor did our group see her again.  By the way, that, in and of itself is completely rude... fortunately for her, the tips were already calculated in the bill.  She would have gotten a plugged nickel for that one...

I realize she's not the cook, but ensuring your table guests have what they need DOES make difference.  The fact that I had to wait for the manager to bring me a fork, another dinner guest request the plate of corn bread be warmed, got no refills on water, nor did I see anyone to ask, and practically had to walk to the bar myself and order another drink, all make my experience, combined with my other dinner guests, meal more of an unnecessary nuisance.  Consequently, I cannot, and would not recommend this place for anything.  When Yelp allows you leave a zero star, I'd give them that.

The only reason I gave it one star was because the band was good.  Now if they could get their food to match, BB King's would be on to something...
I've been to the one in Memphis and this one wasn't QUITE as good but pretty close, especially for being in the middle of the vegas strip. It seems like a great music venue but the band wasn't playing when we were there. 

We had the fried pickles, which were great but a little greasy as you'd expect. The chili was fantastic, and I'd highly recommend it. I had the pulled pork sandwich and the pork was tender and had a good flavor without being too salty, the sauce was perfect with not too much sweetness like you'll sometimes get. The fries were good but not too memorable. 

Prices were a little higher than you'd expect but then again it's the Vegas strip so that's the case for just about everything.  Overall a good place to have a southern/BBQ meal that may not be quite Beale Street but pretty good anyway.
we came here once for happy hour sitting at the bar and enjoyed some chicken wings and potato skins, and a couple beers for a pretty good price.  wings and skins were 5 bucks each with the half off deal, which in my opinion is what they should cost normally.   both were tasty appetizers.  i do want to try the fried pickles.

we also came for dinner and actually sat down in the restaurant.  we had a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com which always helps and we love to use when we come to vegas.  unfortunately our server was terrible.  he seemed really really flaky.  like someone found him off the street that day and said want to be a waiter and he said sure i got some time to kill.  in all honesty we were tempted not to use the gift certificate because we did not like the fact he was automatically going to get 18% tip because he didnt deserve that much.  but anyways the ribs i had were actually really good.  i love ribs, i get picky on them especially sauce, but it really came together well, and i would highly endorse ordering the ribs.  the prices are high of course, but we should know that when entering most strip restaurants.  

if you want to eat a sitdown meal make sure to purchase the gift certificate during an 80% off promotion and get 25 bucks off for $2, otherwise i would stick to happy hour for economical sense.  ill probably end up making a point to make it a happy hour trip when im staying down towards that end of the strip.
Let me preface this review by saying that this is not a place I would have normally chosen for dinner. The food and service at themed chains tends to be lacking. The reason I chose BB King is from the reviews here on Yelp, and more importantly I had a $25 GC from restaurant.com that cost me $2. So, a bargain was in the making. Our waitress was prompt and quickly asked us for our drink order, a little to fast since we just sat down 12 seconds previously and had barely began to warm out seats. We quickly glanced at the beers and I ordered a Stella Artois and my wife asked 'which of the beers on tap are dark beers?" Our waitress did not have a clue and did not bother to check. Strike one. It was happy hour so we ordered an appetizer (1/2 price), the spinach dip to be precise. It arrived 15 min later with the salad that I ordered. The dip was spinachy enough, but mundane. The chips the dip came with were bagged,  so no excitement there. The salad was a handful of greens a pinch of cuc's and tomatoes. The dressing was served on the side in a plastic cup. Plastic is never cool in my book at a decent place. Within 30 seconds of receiving the spinach and salad, some unknown person brought us our entrees. I let this alien know that we had just received the other stuff and we were nowhere near ready for entrees. Strike 2, who wants to be rushed. About 5 minutes later someone else brought us our entrees. I guess they were in a hurry even though the place was 2/3 empty. So, we played the chess match with our dish's and received out entrees prematurely. My wife ordered the Cajun Chicken Carbonara. It was tasty enough, but the spiciness was barely detectable. It was OK, Cajun with a lower case 'c' I guess. I ordered the BBQ Chopped Pork platter. I knew I was in trouble from the start when all I could see was this tar or a substance covering a pile of meat that I was assuming was already dead. The pork was not BBQ'd at all as far as  I could tell. It had no smokiness to it and as it was so mushy I am assuming it was prepared in a pressure cooker, yuck. The tar like sauce was so think and sticky sweet, it overwhelmed the meat. This may have been a good thing and was intended.  And the sauce tasted bottled.  The two sides were cole slaw and BBQ beans, and both were served in those little plastic cups. Both tasted packaged/canned and were easily forgettable. The food was not good and for the price, a VERY poor value. Strike 3.  Will I return to BB King's? There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again. Unless the dinner was totally free. Never again.

Addendum: I origanally posted this as a 2 star rating. However, upon furthur reflection I came to the conclusion that this place just plain sucked and should be avoided even if it is the last source of food in Las Vegas. Starvation is a freferable option.
Stopped in for breakfast the first day we were in Vegas. As we were waiting to be seated a couple got up and complained about their horrible service. Crap I thought, but our service was GREAT! We got seated right away. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. I got the One of A Kind: One Egg, one pancake, and one piece of apple wood smoked bacon. The bf got the BB King breakfast: 2 eggs, any meat (he opted for the Polish Kielbasa) and hash browns. It was just ok. I'd choose a different place for breakfast next time. Their music selection was great though! Now I'm curios about their dinner time.
WORST meal in Vegas - EVER

So, I ordered a salad that was missing three of five ingredients, then tried to send it back, but couldn't find my waiter.  I gave my meal to the waiter I could find, and she promised to get my order right.  15 minutes later, she came back with the same salad and apologized for running out of the toppings....I still can't believe she dropped my plate without telling me the kitchen ran out of 3 toppings for my salad - I would have ordered something else.  By the time she came back (approx 25 minutes later), my date was done eating.  We were charged a cover for live music, but none played for an hour.  I received my meal as the band began to play, and paid for my replacement meal - which I didn't enjoy... I don't plan to go back.  

Note:  I recommended that they at least remove the live music cover from my bill since I didn't get to enjoy any live music - they honored my request.
Las Vegas is a town of gambling, but unfortunately BB King's Blues Club was a gamble that I took and lost horribly.  I was aware that this place had mediocre reviews, but since it was right across the street from where was I staying (Harrah's), I decided to give this place a chance.  I went here for an early breakfast and was craving Chicken and Waffles.  Boy was that a serious mistake.

When the waitress presented my order I was really turned off by the presentation and how cheap it looked (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=m0tR4ibrsuJFQ_gEwUVgAA)  As you can see from the picture, it was really sad and not as described in the menu.  I didn't get a "6 oz golden fried chicken breast" but got fried chicken fingers instead.  What the hell??   The chicken fingers were dry but the waffle was ok.  But it was definitely not worth the $15.95.  You can actually pick this stuff up from the Flavors Buffet at Harrah's for a dollar less.

It didn't really help that I had a $10 coupon from restaurant.com, but at least that made the meal more cheaper than I would've paid for it.  If you're hungry for breakfast, skip this joint and go to Hash House a Go Go.  You definitely get more for the same price.
Horribly expensive for what you get. I think we paid $9 for a yogurt parfait in a PLASTIC disposable cup for one of the kids, it looked exactly like what you'd get at Starbucks for about $3. No children's menu so you really wind up forking over major coin for the little ones. 

I had the eggs benedict ($15?) which was small and looked lost on my plate. Very sparse on the Hollandaise. Fairly inattentive service (which I see others have complained about).  Had a hard time finding someone to get us a "box" for the other child's bagel sandwich, which we weren't going to leave behind considering the prices.

You only eat here if you're starving, stuck in the casino, and can't find anything better. The food is edible, but it has very few redeeming qualities overall.

PASS!!
my disclaimer: i was only here because i was part of a large organized party and someone else made reservations.
i suppose we should've worried when the restaurant called the day before to confirm our reservation, and then called the next day in the afternoon to confirm again.  then they called a half-hour before the reserved time and informed us that if 80% of the party wasn't there exactly on time, they were canceling the reservation.  then they informed the people who were there right on time that if the whole party wasn't there within the next 15 minutes, they were canceling the reservation (and then doing what? throwing everyone out?). 
in hindsight, we should've canceled after the way the night went.  the table placement was not exactly smart for a large group (why put us right in front of the giant-screen sporting event and piss off your customers who want to watch the game, not a bunch of people trying to talk?), and the poor server was the only one assigned to us AND another large party.  the food was...not horrible, but the word "meh" comes to mind.
the kicker though, was that their computer was not working right, and it caused a huge problem with payment, as the guy paying for the meal had his debit -- not credit! -- card "rejected." of course then, they found out it was their fault, but only after a lot of weird drama and having to pay in cash.  then, when card-holding guy tried to replenish at the ATM, it rejected him...he checked his bank statement on line and saw the giant bill from BB King's charged SEVEN TIMES.  yes, seven times.  
went back to resolve the issue and was initially told that it wasn't their problem because those charges were only "authorizations" and hadn't actually posted.  when it was explained that he couldn't get any cash, because their bogus "authorizations" had tied up all that money, it was suggested that he should just "call his bank."  
finally a real manager appeared, but it took literally another hour to sort everything out...and that was after seeing that some of the "authorizations" even had different total amounts.  so sketchy.  
ridiculous prices, ridiculously bad treatment, ridiculous use of their waitstaff.  
the plus: well, the band rocked...
Stuck inside the Mirage we were staying, BB's was a nice surprise.  I love blues, I love BB King, and I love food.  How could this go wrong?

After receiving much deserved Bloody Mary ($10, but they have bottomless for $20), I look at the menu...

Chorizo burrito, sounds good.  Corned beef hash...i love that stuff. Biscuits n Gravy..too heavy for a plane ride home...

What's this?  Chicken and Waffles? Jackpot.

Served with hot sauce and syrup.  It was spicy and delicious.  Not enough waffle for me, but I am glad I ate it none the less.  Gladys Knight sells the Midnight Train in Atlanta, which is chicken and waffles.  Hers looks to be better, but I will take what I can get.  3 chicken tenders, a good size waffle, covered in butter, powdered sugar and syrup.  Don't forget the hot sauce. $15

Wife got the regular breakfast.  eggs, meat, hash brown, biscuit.  Good.  not worth 13 bucks, but in Vegas, you are at a resort, therefore expect resort prices.

Anyone complaining about price in Vegas is probably in the wrong place.

Since we were staying here, we walked by twice at night to hear music in the club.  Both times sounded great.  Wish we had more time to hang out.
Our first night in Vegas we asked the concierge at our hotel to suggest someplace we could get a great burger. She sent us here for some reason. This is a typical casino restaurant, buried in the Mirage hotel. There were only 2 burgers on the menu, one a hickory barbecue burger and the other a cheeseburger. Both were mediocre. We did enjoy the sweet potato puffs as an appetizer. They were plentiful and served with a barbecue sauce. A live band started performing part-way through our meal. The singer was more of a Marvin Gaye than BB King, and the horns were frankly pathetic. I would have preferred the canned music. 

All in all, not a successful outing. The place is very dark, and the service was slow even though it wasn't crowded. This is a lesson not to ask a Vegas concierge for restaurant suggestions. I suspect they have other incentives than the pleasure of their guests.
3rd time back.  happy hr has gotten stingy.  no more sliders, chicken tenders taken off happy hr menu(now $10 all the time).  no more chicken & waffles.  happy hr drinks still a good deal.
This is a biased review because I was here for a work dinner and the company foot the bill.  I could see how people complain about the prices here but you know what?  BAM.  

http://vegas4locals.com/couponbbkingsbluesclub.html

Buy 1 get 1 free entree.  Happier?

Our party of 12 got a table right by the stage and found out the band was going to start in 20 minutes.  Doesn't make it easy to talk about work does it?  Oh well..let's order some drinks!  Our marketing contact there, Rodney, was awesome. He just brought out massive plate samplers, entrees and more drinks!

Sliced fried pickles were extremely addictive.  I actually had to pass the basket down the table to stop.  The ribs were really awesome.  Some of the best in Vegas..still not saying much but I really liked em!!  The pulled pork was also great.  Not a producive work dinner at all but everyone definitely enjoyed it!!

After trying a few other things here, I strongly recommend anything that's from the pig.  SWINE FTW!!!!!  Can't wait to get the ribs again.  Forget the wings, chorizo or even breakfast for that matter...that's what Carnegie Deli is for if you're staying at Mirage.

Ambiance was pretty Cadillac Ranchy. The band was rockin.  They at least gotta get that right if the place is named after a music legend.
Since we were staying at the Mirage - and we wanted some breakfast -but not feeling hungry enough for the buffet - yet, wanted more than a muffin and a coffee at Starbucks - we chose BB Kings mainly because it was close by and no wait.

I was excited to see the chicken and waffles - I've always wanted to try chicken and waffles.   It wasn't anything as spectacular as you hear so many people rave about how great it was.    The chicken looked like chicken tenders you could get at a fast food joint -for this I paid $15?

Now mind you, if it were good - I wouldn't be complaining.

My husband had a yogurt parfait - that was a small cup of yogurt and a handful of granola for $10.  HUH?   Ok, people, I realize I'm in Vegas but come on - give me a little more here... don't make it SO obvious you are RIPPING me off...  it hurts when you do that!  LOL!

There are so many other options to eat at in Viva Las Vegas- so really, skip this one...
Went at 10 pm the night before Thanksgiving... where an awesome blues band performed.  Really enjoyed that, even though I wasn't too thrilled that there was a cover charge (I think $5 per person, so nothing too bad).  

I had the chili spaghetti, which was VERY filling so I didn't eat too much of it.  It did taste good, but not nearly as good as my date's meal - he got the chicken and waffles and I was in HEAVEN when I tried the chicken... SO delicious.  I'd go back to this restaurant just for that.

You're looking at about 20 bucks a person, excluding drinks, at this joint.
Went there for a birthday party - the service was pretty ok. But the food serving was just unsatisfactory for the price. For the same price, I could have gotten a similar order but twice as much food. Nice location - but the kitchen needs to get on top of things.
Came here for lunch while in Vegas, and the place was fairly packed. It took us about 20 minutes to be seated, which was not too bad. I had the sampler platter which had all kinds of good stuff on it minus the fried pickles! The best thing on the platter was the fried catfish bites, those things were amazing. Id go back to BB Kings just for the catfish!

The staff there was very nice and attentive and the prices were realitively cheap for Vegas. They have a good happy hour drink menu and with certain drinks you get to keep the glass. This was one of my favorite resturants in Vegas so if your in the Mirage check it out!
Went here tonight because friends visiting from the East Coast wanted to go and brought a $75 restaurant.com certificate along with them.  We had to spend $150 to get the discount.  That's not too hard to do here.  They're big eaters, so we had to keep up with them.  

The four of us shared the sampler appetizer platter:  ribs, catfish, fried pickles, wings, and also a bowl of the sweet potato puffs.  Everything on the sampler platter was good, but the puffs were outstanding.  I try to never eat fried food, but couldn't resist these.

I ordered the filet mignon medium rare.  It was delivered medium well, and was dried out and awful.  I sent it back and got what my friend ordered - the bbq salmon over creamed corn, adorned with shrimp.  The shrimp were good-sized and cooked right.  The salmon would have been good, but the creamed corn - hell, they weren't kidding about the cream.  This was Heart Attack on a plate, with enough cream to clog the arteries of a tri-athlete.  That, combined with the sweetness of the corn and the gloppy barbecue sauce, AND the fat content of the andouille sausage mixed in for good measure, made this way too rich for me.  My friend loved it, though!

My husband's hanger steak, ordered medium, came well-done.  That was fine for him, since he only orders steaks medium because I force him to.  The other guy had pork chops, and he liked them.  I should have gotten them, too, because they looked like they didn't have any heavy sauce on them.  What really pissed me off, though, was that my husband didn't want the collard greens that came with his steak, and asked if he could substitute green beans.  The waiter said there'd be a $2 extra charge.  Why?  Both are listed as sides at the same charge.  This kind of niggling crap really pushes my buttons, 'cause it's unnecessary.

After pigging out on all that food, our friends wanted dessert, so we went along for the ride.  I had the banana bread pudding, and it was a very large portion.  I love bread pudding, but am usually disappointed.  Not this time - it really was good.  And I'll be eating the leftovers for the next three days.

The band - Greg Garland, I think, or something close - was really, really talented.  But I detest loud music, always have, and especially when having dinner with friends and can't have a conversation.  When I finally threw in the towel and decided that talk was out and music was in, I did enjoy it.  I think all musicians have gone deaf and can't hear the volume of what they're playing.

The service was spotty - good sometimes, and infuriatingly slow at other times. 

All in all, we had an entertaining evening.  Tomorrow we'll find a quiet cafe to take them to, so we can finally talk.
went here because we had a free drink coupon....Service SUCKED!!!!  The only reason this review is getting two stars is because the food was not that bad.  The restarant had had more emplyees than customers, but is still took forever to get our drinks......we were sitting right next to the bar, so I was able to time the bar tender.....wow there were two of them and they were both SLLLOOOOWWWW..... There was no music, It was the afternoon so I did not expect LIVE music, but someone could have plugged in the IPod and payed some blues for ambience!!  Would I go again.....Probably not unless I absolutely needed a fried pickle fix....
IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR OVER PRICED, SEVEN DOLLAR JUICE, EXTREMELY SLOW SERVICE, AND HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, BB KINGS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!!!


After eating here in August (yes August, and it is now December), I will never give them my business again. I write to you months later because this is how long the dispute has been going on for, and still no one from their company has called to settle it.

 

This past august my family stayed at the Mirage. BB Kings was the only breakfast place, so we gave it a shot. After finishing my breakfast (an egg dish) and my orange juice, my party received the check. My eyes bulged as I saw the mediocre orange juice I had just finished was SEVEN DOLLARS. Listen, I am a Los Angeles girl (born and raised), and anyone who knows me knows I am not opposed to spending money on a good meal. In this instance however, next to being sprinkled with gold, this orange juice was no where near being worth seven dollars. Before speaking to someone I checked a menu to make sure it wasn't me who had bypassed the price listed, but surprise surprise, there WERE no drink prices listed. Here's where the great customer service comes in.

 

After speaking to a manager, I was asked if my waitress had warned us that the juice was seven dollars at this establishment. Clearly my answer was no. She apologized, voiced that they were supposed to inform all customers of this cost, and that she would comp "the entire bill." Sounds like a good compensation, and like I always say, it's about how an establishment handles problematic occurrences that sets their bar. I had washed my hands of the whole ordeal, or so I thought.

 

Finally I received my monthly credit card bill, and here's where the dilemma began. BB Kings and their great accounting department charged me for the whole meal and then comped me for the meal. Sounds good right? It was Void. But later down in the bill another charge for the entire cost of the meal was on my statement. Despite the easy math, no one at the restaurant could comprehend the problem with these charges. If you charge someone twice and comp them once, YOU ARE STILL CHARGING THEM! After sitting on the phone with several managers at BB Kings, explaining the entire experience several times over, and being told that someone would be in touch with me within a day, I figured it had to click for SOMEone on their end. Well that was in September...so you do the math.I have yet to hear from anyone.

I WON'T BE GIVING THEM MY BUSINESS ANY TIME SOON
Located at the Mirage Hotel & Casino next to the Revolution Bar and Lounge.  As you walk in, you get a unique Southern vibe, I haven't seen anywhere yet. They had live performers throughout the night. 

Music: 4/5 Stars
If you like music and blues, you should definitely check it out because the group was pretty entertaining and I really enjoyed the music. I came here twice and they played their own songs as well as hits from the past, which was really entertaining.  

Food: 4/5 Stars
1) The roasted chicken was cooked thoroughly and surprisingly juicy. It was lightly coated with a delicious BBQ sauce that didn't overwhelm the roasted chicken. 
2) The Ribs weren't the best ribs I've had, but they're up there in my ranking of southern ribs.  Again, some of their own sweet and savory BBQ sauce was coated on the ribs as well.
3) Cajun carbonara - cajun ziti pasta with chicken. The sauce was a bit thick, but it wasn't too oily, which i liked.  I REALLY enjoyed the garlic bread that was served with the pasta. It was a thick piece of bread, but it was soo soft that it felt like I was holding a cloud. I'm gonna have to order another side of that. 

Service: 5/5 Stars
Our server was awesome. She was really friendly, helped us pick out good items and they were actually good. Manager was around to check on our needs, which was really cool.


Recommendations: Come here for drinks during happy hour from 12pm-6pm and to listen to music. .
My family and I went this past Christmas Eve for dinner.  The food was excellent!  Everything we had was more than satisfying.  My mom and I had the catfish which was great!  It was seasoned perfectly and it was a huge helping.  My father had the salmon and my niece had some sort of shrimp dish.  All of us LOVED our food.  And for dessert we had this brownie sundae that was a big enough portion that we all could share it.  It had four full-sized brownies topped with ice cream and all the works.  

Towards the end of our meal a live band began to play.  So we spent another hour just having drinks and listening to this great singer and his band!  And by now, the place was packed...people were up dancing, and it wasa really fun and lively atmosphere.  It's great for older and younger people.  My parents had just as good of a time as my 22 year old niece.

I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
I was there with my mom and BF just after New Year's. We were going to eat dinner there but the host said there was a wait with no reservation (we didn't see the inside of the club) so we bought it and had dinner elsewhere. Mom still wanted to hear live music so we came back and again they said there was nothing available without a reservation. But we could sit at the tiny bar counter. 

We sit at the counter and see at least a dozen EMPTY TABLES. Finally, for s**** and giggles I pull up my Open Table App and guess what? There was a reservation available so I made one and walked up to the hostess saying "We have a reservation, can we get a table now?"

We got seated, had a few drinks, the server was OK, but this place is nothing special and the BS about needing a reservation is REALLY stupid.

The live music was entertaining but not amazing. In fact the female lead singer missed some of the words and a few high notes.

MIGHT go back with a coupon if I have my Open Table app working :-/

So 1 star for the overall experience, another for the fact I now know Open Table works well on the Android phone I have which is great for traveling.
We went to BB Kings Blues Club hoping to .....hear blues or jazz.  Instead we watched playoff games.  Yippeee?? THe band started to warm up as we were getting ready to leave. Very disappointed but our waitress was GREAT!!
I swear this place used to better so when I saw a coupon on restaraunt.com for it I swooped it up. We werent staying at the mirage and went out of our just to get here. Shoulda saved the money on the cab and the rest of our food. Seriously why is this crappy food so expensive. I had the gumbo which wasnt bad but also not good. It was a small step up from campbells soup gumbo. She had the catfish po boy and it was served with about two french fries and the roll looked like the crappiest little hoagie roll ever. She said it was good. We also had fried pickles which are kinda gross.

I used to like this place and it was a good to get something cheap at their happy hour when staying at the mirage. Dont travel out of your way for this one with a coupon its not worth it all.
This place has a great vibe to it. The service is pretty friendly but my complaint would be that it is too slow. The live bands at 7pm is a hit! the food is pretty good. The mac and cheese is a bit too creamy and thick for me and the fried pickles are wayyyy to salty!! The catfish is pretty good too. Overall, I wouldn't come back but this place is pretty good for bing a Memphis experience.
Well the music is awesome as you would expect from a place bearing BB Kings name. The sound is great and there is a nice sized dance floor.  I would consider this to be a more upscale Blues Club suitable for a first date. 
 
We only had a sampling of the food.  The ribs are also very tender and the sauce had a nice tang on it. They have a few drink specials where you get a drink shot or beer in a souvenir glass.  I would shy away from the shot specials them seem to be nothing more than fruit juices to me...very , very little hint of alcohol in the one I had. 

I would have to rate the service as marginal. Be prepared to her your own drinks from the bar if they are busy. When you are served the staff is attentive the challenge is getting someone to help you. We went on two nights a Tuesday and Friday the crowd seems to be about the same size on both nights.  On Tuesday and we were helped right away however on Friday and never got server by a waitress. We were told the waitress was  overloaded. There were only 5  occupied tables in her section.   If the music wasn't so damn good we might  have left.
The ribs were surpisingly good and the service was decent. Nothing too spectacular just decent and the price was ok.
This place is a friggin joke.

Unforunately I went twice.  First during happy hour and another for breakfast.

For happy hour, I asked our waiter what they had on draft after he said they were 16oz.  He went down the list, and then I ordered a bud light (lame and watery, i know).  Bud of mine just sucked it up for 4 oz less and got a bottle of miller lite.  Happy hour prices for $5?  ridic.

So, what in the hell does this guy bring me?  A bottle of bud light.  I informed him I thought I had ordered a draft, and then he has the balls to say that it's practically the same as a draft.  So, to "PROVE" his point, he brings a glass and pours it in and has the audacity to say that "the rest would be head with a draft".  

Don't get into an argument over beer with a college grad from the south, son.  I know bullshit when I see and hear it.  

Neither of us were overly hungry, so we split the nachos from the half off appy selection.  they were ok.  nothing great.  

Overall, it was a complete shit show because of the service.  That, and this is not a fancy restaurant.  

So, WHY did I go back the next morning with the rest of the group?  Because I wasn't hungry (see: Carnegie Deli) from the night before and everyone else went.  I just ordered a side of hashbrowns.  $4.  Yes, four bucks.  Same size you get at Cracker Barrel.  Get me out of here.

had I known there were restaurant.com certificates, i would have used those, but even with them, we're talking mediocre quality.  not impressed, and would never go back.
Would give it less if possible!

First had to pay a cover charge to see a random band perform during half our dinner. If they are going to charge a cover they could at least perform throughout the night.

Next the food. My wife had the Cajun carbenara, it was bland and flavorless. Even the garlic toast was bland. My BBQ chicken and ribs weren't bad, but not worth the $23 it cost.

Finally the cost, we had a $25 coupon (which is why we went in the first place) and for dinner for two and 1 drink each our bill was still $60. That's right, the original bill prior to the coupon was $85. 

This absolutely wasn't worth it. I thought bland soul food was an oxymoron until I ate here. My advice, just don't go to this place.
My fiance and I went here on Sunday to watch the Super Bowl. For $99 we got all you can drink beer and well drinks and an all you can eat buffet during the game. The place was pretty crowded but we found great seats at one of their bars. The drinks were good and our bartender kept up with our drinking. They had a decent selection of food also. Their hamburger sliders and pork sliders were soooo good. We're already planning on going back next month to have dinner when we go to get married. Can't wait!
So apparently someone working at BB Kings keeps up with the Yelp reviews and will send you a message apologizing for a lackluster experience.

I was offered a $25 gift certicate (the kind you can buy from restaurant.com for $2 several times a month) and a free t-shirt for "reconsidering" my review.

What exactly am I supposed to reconsider?  I informed the mystery worker that I appreciated their offer and would give them another chance should they send the the certificate, but I would not change my review until I dined there again since it wouldn't be fair to anyone else reading these reviews.

Three weeks later, and I've received no reply or mail from BB Kings.  

Oh, and for what it's worth, I've heard that their Happy Hour is currently cancelled.
Concert going on tonight. Loud but bluesy. Overall the food was good. Be sure to see the concierge at the Mirage to get a discount.  Service was good considering the amount of people were there.
Just not worth your time or money.
I'm from the south, and the thought of having some good southern-cooked food sounded great for our Valentine's Day lunch.  I ordered the catfish dinner.  The catfish was good, but the hushpuppies were less than stellar, the fries were cold, and the slaw was "OK".

My date ordered the grilled Mahi-mahi.  The fish was tough (not flaky as it should have been).  The sauce was good, but not enough of it.  The rice was great.  The green beans were a big disappointment.  As I said, I'm from the south.  We like our green beans COOKED, with a touch of bacon and maybe some onion.  These green beans were, as our waitress told us, cooked "al dente" - way too crunchy - almost raw.

The beer taps were not working, so no draft beer - only bottled.

To top it off, the mood in the place made me feel like I was at a funeral.  The hostess was gruff.  The other customers looked mad/sad.  Our waitress was nice enough, but the service was incredibly slow.  There were a lot of people working there, and not that many customers - so I couldn't quite understand the lack of attention.

I was really hoping that I would like this place.  I love southern cooking, and there's nothing better on a Friday or Saturday night than a rocking blues bar.  But this is not the place for that.  I'll just have to wait until I'm back down south - or perhaps head over to the MGM and eat at Emeril's.

Sorry, BB King.  Love your music, but your club is a no-go.
Totally mismanaged. Showed up on the night of Valentine's Day at 8:00 and was told they were not taking anymore reservations and no longer had availability for walk-ins. The line going to the entrance was pretty long. I went onto my iPhone and used OpenTable to make a reservation for 8:30. I came back at 8:30 and they made us wait until nearly 9:00. By that time, they were chasing others away. When we were finally seated, we realized the place was dead. I couldn't believe all of the open tables. Then I thought that maybe they were just understaffed. That wasn't the case either. Our waiter came over to us and just stared at us as if he was expecting us to ask a question. Maybe he was mentally trying to ask if we wanted something. I mentally tried telling him to F- Off and I think he heard me. I felt bad for those people who were told they were sold out. They were lied to. It's a shame because the Memphis All Stars were actually a really good band. Only in Vegas can you have a wedding reception at BB Kings and have the Memphis All Stars as your wedding band. To the management--- sorry guys, it's BB Kings, not Studio 54.
This is NOT a review of the food. The live music is great! Didn't have any food, but the experience was incredible. The musicians were extremely talented. If you're a fan of live music, you should definitely come here on Friday nights.
I went to BB's last week and I really enjoyed the live band that was playing.  Def. a great place for people that love Southern cooking.  My best friend loved the collard greens.  Make sure you get reservations so they can wave your cover charge.
I just dig this place.  Cool, live music.  Good food.  Nice ambiance.  It's all good here.

I had the BBQ Pork Sandwich and it was good.  Not the best I've ever had, but you put the whole package together, and it was totally solid.
I love BBQ, so I was VERY nervous as I sat down at BB King's Blues Club since chain restaurants rarely serve the kind of BBQ that is the focus of my dreams for weeks. 

Now, even though BB King's was not the best BBQ I've ever had (you have to go to holes in the wall restaurants that are strewn across the south to find true BBQ joy), for what it is worth, BB King, you made a valiant effort!

I have eaten the following:
Pile of Nachos with BBQ Pulled Pork
Hickory Burger
Carolina BBQ Salmon
BBQ Chicken
BBQ Ribs
Baked Beans

2 visits and I was satisfied each time. The first time the service was a little shaky but quickly improved as the night went on. Even though it was busy, our waters were rarely empty and the napkins kept on coming! The second time we went there our server was wonderful. She was very friendly and GREAT at suggesting dishes.

First Visit: The Pile of Nachos were mediocre, nothing amazing. The BBQ pork on the nachos was pretty good, and the jalepenos on the side definitely helped the matter! take this review with a grain of salt since I'm not a huge fan of cheese sauce - I like the real stuff!

The BBQ chicken/ribs: I'm sensitive about my BBQ sauce. I don't want too much on the chicken or ribs, not too sweet, not too much of a vinegar punch and with either a subtle or boot-knocking kick. BB King's sauce may have been a little sweet, but they do caramelize their meats PERFECTLY with the sauce! The ribs and chicken had a good bark on them and none of the food was greasy or too fatty. No major spice here, but the bark makes up for it. The baked beans that came on the side of this dish were a little sweet as a side dish for an already sugary dish, but they had a nice subtle smokey flavor and a great texture. 

Hickory Burger: My boyfriend at this burger, so I can't tell you exactly how it tasted, but we both have an incredible, insatiable love for burgers. Coming from Chicago (the Home of Kuma's Korner), we know our burgers, so when the man says it's one of the better burgers he has had since moving to Vegas, it has to be good! He said a lot of it had to do with the sauce and the perfectly cooked medium-rare center. I love it that Vegas still lets you cook your burgers medium-rare! He devoured this burger in record time and looked longingly at the plate after it was gone.

Carolina BBQ Salmon: I saved the best for last. There is food in this world that puts a smile on my face whenever I think about the smell, taste and afterglow. This dish sends a surge of happiness up my spine and smacks my brain around for a few minutes whenever I think about it. The salmon was cooked perfectly. It wasn't overcooked, rubbery, too raw (even though I wouldn't have minded) or plain. The BBQ sauce on the fish was subtle, definitely not overpowering and once again, the bark made it scrumptious. The best part? They say that it is on a bed of creamed corn. I am sure many people thought of the scary, rubbery substance that would crawl out of the can and unnaturally jiggled in the serving bowl on the dinner table. This was a spicy cream sauce with a dash of corn made even more AMAZING by andouille sausage. If you haven't had andouille sausage, please find a local grocery store that sells it and make some jambalaya or even throw it on the grill. It is SPECTACULAR. This dish had enough calories to last me the entire week, but hey, there's a reason why I work out 6 days a week!

All together, I enjoyed BB King's. I will definitely go there again. The music during my first visit was great. They gave you a free drink voucher if you paid cover to get into the restaurant and you can go to www.restaurant.com and get a discounted $25, $50 or $100 coupon. I would go even without either of those discounts and get that salmon again tonight if my heart didn't shudder at the thought of all that buttery, spicy, savory cream sauce...Mmmm...cream sauce...
I think the problem might have been our expectations!  I went to dinner with my parents...none of us had been there.  We thought it was going to be like Lucille's...Maybe this is poor deduction skills on our part...BB King named his guitar Lucille so we thought the this was going to be like Lucille's in the Green Valley District.  We thought maybe the places had something to do with each other.  If they do, someone dropped the ball!  Lucille's never disappoints...Not the case with BB Kings.  
We had time to look at the menu and decide what we wanted before someone came to take our drink/food order.  It was minimum 35 minutes before we saw our food.  Really poor service.  She never came back to check on us.  No refills.  Once our food finally got there...the most helpful person working there was the food runner.  We never saw our waitress again until it was time to drop off the bill.  Then we thought she got lost because we didn't see her again for quite some time before we got our card back.
As far as the food goes...the sauce is good.  But you have to ask for an extra side of BBQ sauce.  There isn't a bottle on the table.  No extra flavors...only their house sauce.  My dad liked his ribs.  My mom and I split the chicken and ribs combo.  In my opinion, the chicken was dry and the ribs were too fatty.  Cornbread was pretty good though.
There is nightly music there.  It was a good band....however, it gets really loud in there.  Unless you are going specifically to listen to the music...don't go because you won't be able to have a conversation.  Unless you plan on yelling at each other!  Also another warning for people who may not know this...if you are at a restaurant while there is live entertainment, they can charge you entertainment tax, which is usually 18%.  Definitely adds to the bill.  My mom went to the gift shop to get a magnet...that $6 magnet was also charged with the 18% entertainment tax.  
Not planning on going back...not worth the prices.  There's too plenty of other great places to eat at the Mirage, other Strip properties or local places.
I really enjoyed this restaurant!  I made a reservation on OpenTable.com.  I was a little annoyed at first that they didn't tell me that there was cover to get into the restaurant because there was live music but the band was so good that it was well worth it.  The ribs, beans and collard greens were absolutely delicious.  Our waiter was very nice.  I only wish they had had a few more beer choices.
Typical theme restaurant. Had a good opener of sausage and cheese followed by a chicken salad would eat here again

Good live entertainment too.
Just came here for breakfast, and I have to say, you can do a lot better. First of all our waiter was half asleep the entire time. We barely saw him and even when he was there, he really wasn't. I got the breakfast special (which by the way is not on the menu) which was eggs, toast and hashbrowns for $9.95. Okay, not great, the eggs tasted kinda fake, the toast was tasteless, hashbrowns were good. My mom got the spinach and mushroom omelette, which was the best item ordered, very good. My sister got the yogurt parfait and the fruit cup, which was just awful. All the fruit was either out of season and therefore unripe and flavorless (i.e. cantalope and honeydew melon that taste like cardboard) and worst of all, they used frozen berries, both in the fruit bowl and the parfait, which was just plain wrong. $12 for a fruit parfait that has frozen berries in it?! 
Ridiculous! If you're staying here at the mirage, take a little walk to the McDonalds or Denny's for breakfast, don't waste your money here.
place going bankrupt, they scaled back the happy hr items, now happy hr completely gone.  this place is pricey w/out happy hr.   they just trying to sell some expensive cocktails & entrees before closing their doors.  good while it lasted.  you would enjoy dining/drinking here if money's not important to you.
The music sways between a 4 and 5 star rating at all times. Unfortunately, management constantly sacks bands, brings in others, changes band personnel and generally screws up the vibe. They've had some great ones that have had the place packed and jumpin'. Too bad they keep jackin' with the formula.

As for the bar/ restaurant, 2 stars... A few of the hostesses have been good, but there's a very notable pair of them who are down-right rude. The bar staff are all efficient and friendly, as are the wait staff. The food ranges from mediocre to nearly inedible. Everything is so over-salted that you almost forget how over-priced their drinks are and flag the waitress down for another. I'm from the midwest, where we salt our fruit and anything else that doesn't move, and it's WAY too salty for me.

I was at the press opening and had a great time. The music was fantastic and the food was great as well. The bar and wait staff did an amazing job. I do believe too many cooks (managers) are spoiling B.B.'s soup.
I had an early morning breakfast this past Tuesday.  I love the interior of this restaurant.  Beautiful artwork on the dining tables, great soul music playing in the background, and very laid back atmosphere.  I think the restaurant opens at 6:30 a.m. and I arrived shortly after 7 a.m. so it wasn't crowded at all.  The server, I can't remember his name, was okay.  It took him a little while to greet me and he wanted to take my breakfast order right away.  He did not give good eye contact and just wasn't pleasant at all.  I told him to take my drink order and when he comes back I'll give my breakfast order.  I guess he figured since it took him so long to greet me, I'd be ready. Anyway, I ordered the chicken and waffle.  The food arrived pretty fast.  I knew before I took my first bite that it was going to be good.  The waffle was a beautiful golden brown, the chicken looked like it was fried to perfection with just the right color and crispiness.  On the side were generous portions of butter, maple syrup, and hot sauce.  I cut a small piece of chicken, dipped it in the hot sauce and ate it with an equal size piece of waffle.  It was so good! I was happy I decided to eat here this morning. I love the combination of chicken and waffles, but not everyone does it right.  Well, BB King's Blues Club does it right!  I cannot wait to come back and eat at this place.  Yeah, the service was a bit spotty, but I'll just chalk it up to one person having a bad morning.  On my next rip to Vegas, I'll come in the evening when they have live music.  Good eats and good music - I'm all over that!
I went here for lunch and I have to say that it was pretty damn good. They had the Masters showing on a HUGE screen which made the two men I was with very happy. We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer... a little on the salty side but very yummy w/ a nice kick to them!  Two of us ordered the catfish poboy - loaded with fish nuggets and the fries were great. The third of 'us' ordered a bowl of the jumbo-yaya. It had great flavor but we all agreed needed a little kick - probably just needed a little tabasco but there wasn't any on the table and we just didn't think to ask.  
Service was great! Two of us was re-hydrating on H2O and our water glass was never empty.
This review is based on my breakfast I had here one morning and the few glasses of wine I was able to enjoy here at the bar the night before.

I really wish I could have spent some more time at this place. I absolutely love the hip bluesy, laid back, loungy atmosphere and could imagine it must be a fun place to kick back on an evening before hitting the rest of the town.

Sunday morning and limited to the selection of breakfast choices to go to and not craving to go back to the not so delectable Cravings buffet option we chose before, this seemed to be our last, but decent resort.

I was seated promptly and given my much needed coffee immediately. I ordered an omelet with Swiss cheese, bell peppers, onions and sausage.

It arrived within a timely manner appearing fluffy and deliciously appealing. I then noticed it was ham instead of sausage in the omelet( I don't like to be too picky but I really don't like ham) so I told the waitress, she apologized politely and had another one remade.

Come to find out it was sausage just a different kind and the chef actually came out (no, not to strangle me) but to show me a display of different sausages how they are and what I would like to use. She was extremely professional and extremely polite.

She gladly remade it and brought it out to me. The omelet was seriously a fluffy, flavorful goodness. Savory flavor in each delectable bite and cooked to perfection. Yeah I know, that rave over an omelet, I just have to give praise to those who can make simple things outstanding.

My experience the night before was nice; wine was nothing special though, the service we received from the bar tender was sincere, friendly and prompt.

Definitely will make a trip back to this place again:)
Loved BB Kings at the Mirage!  The energy of the music is the best.  The food and  the drinks are great.  But what really made the two visits to BB Kings 5 stars on our recent trip to Vegas (and Mirage) was definitely our fantastic server Heidi!  She was attentive, helpful with suggestions, friendly, and had a great attitude.  She is a real asset to the BB Team and we look forward to seeing her on our next trip.   Again; the music was bluesy and very cool.  Grant Garland was unbelievable with his vocals and guitar  and the All Star Blues Band was perfect.  Loved it and can't wait to return.
My husband and I ate here for breakfast and it was sooooooooo worth it!  I had the cajun pork chops and eggs (dont judge me, it's vegas!) and he had the country fried steak and eggs.  I had a restaurant.com certificate, so we had to run up the bill, so we ordered beers with our breakfasts (again, it's vegas!)  had we not had the certificate, this breakfast would still be worth it... it's that good. the gravy on my husband's CFS was more perfect than perfect... although a bit on the pricy side without certificate, it was still as good as it gets for breakfast! i can't vouch for any  other time though..
All I can definitively say is that I absolutely adore their full-rack of bbq ribs!! The fries are just eh, as is their mac and cheese and cornbread. The wait staff was not too nice. The music can be annoying and loud if you are sitting too close, as we were. Too dark and solemn ambiance for my taste (but what could I expect, it is a BLUES club).

But those BBQ ribs brought me back twice in only a 3 day trip! It's expensive at $27 BUT I had one of those 2-fers coupons so that made it aawesome.

And I plan to go at least once (maybe twice) on my next trip in May. Difference is, I stayed at Mirage last time but now I will be as far as Mandalay but STILL making that trek.
My husband and I visited BB King's Blues Club on a Thursday night. This restaurant is inside The Mirage close to the Buffet. We arrived at around 6:30 and JUST missed a line/wait. We didn't have reservations so we were seated at a high-top table. The hostess gave us a heads-up that the live music would start at 7pm. We ordered an Iced Tea and a tall draft beer. Beer was kind of expensive, but typical for a casino restaurant. 

Our server Dee was a sweetheart and gave excellent service! Quick, friendly and didn't forget anything we asked. 

We started with an order of Fried Pickles. FYI - they're pickle slices, not spears. The dipping sauce was good, and my husband really enjoyed them. I prefer fried SPEARS because you have less breading to eat, but over all, they were ok. Husband ordered the catfish dinner and I had a chicken salad. I know, so silly to order a salad at a southern BBQ style restaurant, but I just wasn't feeling fried foods, tons of bread, french fries or heavy mashed potatoes. My salad was good. Fresh mixed greens, fresh toppings. My only issue was the chicken. I could tell it was previously grilled, then let to cool, sliced and then reheated for my order. Bummer. Husband enjoyed the catfish dinner. Decent hush puppies, nice sized fish fillets, good fries. 

Overall we would say it was ok. Not amazing, not an authentic homemade southern food delicacy. We might go again if someone else chose to go here and invited us, but I wouldn't seek this place out again for dinner.
This place is huge and still doesn't have a bathroom.  It is what it is.  It's a bar that serves bar food.  I had the Sausage and Cheese plate.  It was ok.  My wife had the Corn Husk tamale and green beans.  Again, just ok.  Our friends had a pork BBQ and a Filet Mignon.  Both said they were good.

Not much atmosphere.  Food is average.  I've had worse though.
I went here with my husband last night (a Wednesday). I first want to mention that we are both vegetarians, so I won't be the best person to listen to regarding entrees. I had a restaurant.com certificate and since my husband loves blues music I thought it would be fun to go order some drinks and appetizers and listen to the live band. 

In order to even get into the restaurant, we had to pay a $5 pp cover charge. (I don't remember ever paying a cover charge to go eat at House of Blues while they had live music...have things changed?) Well, we said, we had already made a special trip to get there. We paid $10 and sat down. Our server was very nice and helpful, but after "love" let out the place filled up and service came to a standstill. 

We ordered the fried pickles, nachos, mac n cheese, and strawberry shortcake. The pickles were so salty I couldn't eat them (unless I wanted to head straight to the doctor for blood pressure medicine), the mac n cheese was eh, and the cake in the strawberry shortcake was soggy. The nachos were good but they didn't have BBQ sauce on them like the menu stated, and we were for some reason charged an extra dollar for cheese. Extra for cheese on nachos? Service was at a halt by the time we got our check so we didn't feel like arguing over the extra dollar... I guess I can't complain much. 

In all, I would say that if you are looking for a lounge experience to drink and listen to music- this place is great. Draft beer is $10 for the first glass and $2 for refills, a good deal if you don't have to drive home like we did. The band was pretty good too. If you are going to eat dinner, be prepared for some "ok" food and not being able to hear the people at your table over the live music.
2.8 stars. 

Kitchen seems to emphasize quantity over quality. Was hoping for a more Southern-themed menu but offerings seemed fairly standard, boring presentation. 

Chicken & waffles wasn't overly impressive - chicken was v. tender, lightly breaded, paired w/a standard Belgian waffle. Omelette was gigantic, portioned to share.

Breakfast menu here: https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http://www.mirage.com/files/bb_kings_blues_breakfast_menu.pdf&pli=1

FYI bankruptcy dispute 2/25/11
http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2011/feb/25/bankrupt-blues-club-mirage-invoicing-dispute/
This review is solely for the bar! It was pretty crowded when my friend & I stopped by but luckily someone just left. Mainly only came here because of the giant blue moon neon sign. Bartenders were friendly. Beer was cold. I'm happy! 
There's also a menu that looks quite drunkchie-friendly but NO TATER TOTS! Sad! (They do have sweet potato puffs? But I'm not a sweet potato fan)
Their bbq ribs were great.   Good music and relaxing atmosphere.  Very good service.  Great place to go before or after a show.
Great food. My party each got a different dish and we all ended up sharing. We got the pork chops, ribs, pulled pork, chicken fried chicken. Amazing. The band is great too. They play a lot of good songs and add a few touches to keep it interesting. I would recommend this place without a doubt. Dessert was amazing too and the portions are generous. The Banana bread pudding is out of this world. Our waiter was also very funny, friendly, and very prompt.
A group of us had breakfast here one morning and I thought the prices were ridiculous. 

I should have looked at the prices, but didn't think orange juice was going to cost $7! Yes, a glass of orange juice was $7. It didn't taste fresh squeezed or had anything special in it? Was this juice mixed by David Copperfield? Were the oranges grown by Celine Dion? Who knows?? Along with this magical orange juice, I had the BB King Breakfast plate, which came with 2 eggs, 2 sausages, 2 meat patties, 2 bacon and 2 pancakes. I ordered a side of hash browns as well and no, I wasn't able to finish it. The hash browns were super oily, the eggs were slightly undercooked, but the pancakes were delicious. 

Breakfast ended up costing me $31. I should have went to the Bellagio buffet for $16 all you can eat instead. Ah well, what can you do... now I know not to eat here in the future.
Still amazingly awesome. I went again in May,and this visit certainly sent them over the top *for taste*! I was in-between shows and trying to catch a meal so I ended up eating only a little and wrapping it up to go. A few hours later when I got back to my hotel room, I ate the leftovers. And the leftovers tasted as good or even better than when I got it fresh! Crazy!! I just love their BBQ Ribs!!! Tender, awesome sauce, and enough meat. Again, I will be going for my August trip. But this time, unlike my trips on the Strip, I will be downtown and STILL making that trek.
The ribs are awesome but the service is just ok, people are really nice but you may not see your waiter/waitress for long periods of time. The atmosphere is cool if you like live music and something different. I have been 3 times and will probably go again!
Had dinner there today.  No one charged us a cover to eat at 5pm.

Server was good as there were 12 of us. No problem splitting the check since I asked before we ordered.

Food was good but pricey ...

Glass of reisling wine $9
BBQ salmon $26 - excellent - was served with a cream corn sauce, included 4 large shrimp and thin crispy onions
Garlic bread $4.50

18% tip since we were a large group
8.1% clark county tax
My grand total was just under $50

Would only go back for drinks or a special occasion if someone else wanted to go... too pricey for me to be a regular here.
I wasn't expecting much but the food was good.  When the band is playing it can be load so if that's an issue, sit back towards one of the bars.  There is a cover in the evening of $5 but i found coupons in one of the handouts.  Compared to some of the other prices the Mirage it is a good value
Good food.  Great live music.  Fairly reasonably priced, although a bit pricier than I expected.  Also, a $10 cover.

For food, it's about what you would expect for a blues restaurant located in a tourist trap like Las Vegas.  Not that that's a bad thing.  The music was very loud, but the band that happened to be playing that night was very good so I didn't mind all that much that I wasn't able to talk to people sitting a few feet from me without yelling.  Also pretty cool: good music during intermissions, including the biggest impromptu Cha Cha Slide I've seen in quite awhile.

Overall, if you're into blues music and you're looking for a dinner place that isn't too pretentious like so many others in Vegas, you could do much worse than this place.
I came here for breakfast and it was the standard fare. The food was good and the waiter was very nice. Overall I liked this place.
Ate the "Dinner Show Package" as a part of the Terry Fator tickets.  Good dinner, nothing gourmet or outrageous, but nothing bad either.  SPICY Cajun Carbonara (too spicy for me even though the waitress said it wasn't very spicy - subjective tastebuds).  Deeelish Banana bread pudding.  Excellent, friendly service!  I don't have a clue about anything else.  We were there to eat and run.  Would be cool to hear the music there the next time we're in town.
If I had paid a cover I might only be giving this place 3 stars. Luckily for me, the concierge at my hotel gave us passes for free cover and free appetizers/drink (with purchase of entree/drink).

I suppose between the 4 of us we saved $40 on cover plus $18.99 on one drink and one appetizer. Not too shabby. Ask your concierge!

The food was good but not great. Definitely tasty, though. I was really impressed by the service; our waiter was attentive and friendly. My stoli and soda was fine: not too strong, not too weak.

The music was kind of like the food: good but nothing to write home about. Competent musicians, good singers, reasonably easy on the eyes.

For me the service tipped this review into the 4-star category.
Stopped here for breakfast one morning during our recent stay in Vegas.  Food was average as were portions,  decent enough but nothing special.  Wait staff was ok,  nothing special.  Doubt I would repeat going here again.  Breakfast for four was @ 65.00.
We went for breakfast and it was overpriced, greasy and service was bad. Don't expect to pay anything less than $20/person for regular breakfast and coffee that you can get at Denny's across the street for less than half the price.

There weren't too many people so it was weird that our server looked like she was rushing (herself and us).
Good lunch today!  The BBQ was good and service was good too.  Not at all crowded at lunch.
Me likey. Had my first taste of fried pickles here and they were (a bit salty, of course) quite yummy. And it had a nice little atmosphere and I was loving the band playing. They even did Prince's "Purple Rain" (loooovvvee Prince!) and killed it. I'll be back in Vegas soon and hopefully will stop by again. Also, we went at night and we didn't pay a cover. Didn't know they had one.
Funny, I had the lowest expectations about this place out of all restaurants at the Mirage because of the Yelp reviews. Besides BB King's, I went to Carnegie Deli, BLT Burger, Japonais, Samba, and Craving's and this was the best meal I had (BLT Burger being a close second).

This really is good southern food. We got bbq chicken nachos to split which was excellent. I got a chopped pulled pork meal for dinner which was extremely good. The live music that accompanied the meal was a nice touch (guitarist was great!)
we got so lucky because even without a reservation they were still able to seat us with minimal waiting time. the design of the restaurant has that hole in the wall jazz club feeling, with vintage decor of BB king and his history posted on the walls giving it a nice touch. it is a chill restaurant with dim lights, small round tables for intimacy (with a few large tables to accommodate the bigger parties) and live music. the music was awesome, it really set the mood of pleasure and enjoyment united. it was really a great dinner and show display combination. the food was excellent; i got to taste everyone's dishes from my party and each plate was fantastic. from the main meals like the baby back ribs which were finger licking good to the side orders like the white cheddar mac and cheese were all mouth watering. the food was so tasteful that even when you reach the point of fullness you cannot seem to stop munching on the remains. the service was good. they take notices if you have tickets for any shows so that they can accommodate you as priority which is considerate because no one likes to be rushed when they're on vacation mode. i give my overall experience two thumbs up, and if you are ever craving soul food with good tunes, BB king's is a fancy way to go with a reasonable price.
Good music, good food.... HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!! So bad in fact that I will not be returning or recommending this place especially for a large party.

I had reservations for large party and everyone at our table got horrible service and we even got double charged for drinks that people had paid for in cash...both servers that helped our table ignored our table the entire time, my guests were having to leave the table to get drinks at the bar and we had to bus our own table....horrible service....don't bother unless you want to embarrass yourself and your guests.
Our group arrived in Las Vegas at 8:30am and our first stop was BB King's for some breakfast. We'd eaten here (and fallen in love with it) on our last trip.  It was absolutely going to be our first stop on this trip!  I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs- my favorite!  The chicken fried steak is smothered with a country gravy and my eggs were cooked perfectly.  This is def the start of a tradition for us every time we come to Vegas!!
After a few days at The Mirage and eating at the Carnegie each and every one of them, we were looking for something new for breakfast, that's how we found ourselves in BB's.

Upon walking in the door, it looked as though I would find a bingo ball being spun by someone at a head table; it was filled with the 50+ crowd, if I'm not being clear enough. Now granted, this doesn't exclude my intrest in a place by any means, but, uh.. for breakfast at 11a on a Saturday morning, in Las Vegas, it wasn't boding well.

Anyhow, basic breakfast fare with a southern flare: our 4 top had 2 breakfast platters, a chicken fried steak platter and for myself, Cajun pork chops.

The drinks were huge, the service was average. The gravy on the steak was not good, nor were the biscuits. My chops, on the other hand, were really, really good. In a greasy spoon sort of way, not a high class Vegas eatery way, so don't get a food porn woodie.

Not much more to say on the topic.. It garnered a solid MEH as an average based off our table. If it was just based on my chops, it would have been higher, but still.. I would have rather headed back to the deli for a kanish and a mixed meat omelet.
We just got back from Vegas and staying at the Mirage.  A bunch of us ate at BB Kings a couple times different times throughout our stay.  The Breakfasts weren't anything to write home about.  Everything else was pretty good.  The service was SUPER SLOW!  But our servers were always very friendly and entertaining.
Went here for a date night with my wife. We wanted somewhere with live music and boy did we find it. House band was amazing. Like other yelpers, we got fried pickles. They were great. Our service was a little slow but they were very accommodating with my picky order. But make sure you get a soda, and not a beer. I paid $8 for a blue moon. Give me a break. I know it's the strip, but geez!
Their pancakes are HUMONGOUS so if you're REALLY hungry get them. If not get something else. Their waiters are very personable too which I like. It's conveniently located inside our hotel too.
Maybe I came into BB Kings Blues Club at a bad time, but it seemed like everyone was in a bad mood. I only saw our waitress twice, and there wasn't even music playing in the resturant. Don't get me wrong but I  came into BB Kings Blues Club to unwind from a long hard day I spent at the sportsbook and the day of watching football, and there was no sign of any relaxation. No Music, No lively people, No Southern atmosphere. I was honestly dissapointed with this place. I rated BB Kings Blues Club a 3. only because the food was great.
I hadn't eaten all day. We arrived in Vegas from Detroit, made our way through the airport, shuttled to our hotel, actually checked in early and were ready to hit the strip and get some eats. 

We were undecided on where to eat, so we just walked from our hotel down the strip. Among the people flipping porn cards on the corners and people trying to 'sell' you free passes to clubs, there was a guy handing out cards with specials & offers at BB Kings inside the Mirage. 

We were still a good ways from the Mirage, but we ate at the BB Kings in Memphis and we were sold. We continued our trek, mouths watering, battling the crosswalks and navigating our way past the city center. Finally made it to the Mirage... by this time, we were walking in slow motion, in pain and starving... the Mirage was really like a mirage in the desert for us. 

I use Foursquare a lot on my phone. I check in to places and sometimes, there are discounts and specials just for "checking in". Well, sure enough, there was a 20% discount off the bill when you show the waiter your phone screen (they have to see the message). Most times, though, the server has no idea what to do with that message, so they always have to go get someone else who comes and looks and then they finally decide that it's just a matter of applying the discount to the total bill. Duh. 

We were *also* able to use the card we were given on the strip, so we got an additional $5 off our bill. Score!

The place was not crowded at all. It was midday, after all. There was no music, which was fine... midday. I ordered the ribs & mahi mahi. It came with baked beans & cole slaw. Delicious! I liked their ribs before and these were very good, also. Mahi Mahi is a favorite of mine and theirs had a wonderful char-grilled taste to it. The baked beans were nice and the cole slaw was basic. 

My cousin had the ribs & chicken, which she was satisfied with, but she also had the collard greens which were dry and bland. 

Overall, we had a good meal and were full. If it was any closer to my hotel, I would have wanted to eat there again.
Must say I enjoyed their breakfast more than I did lunch because the menu and service was much better.  I went with the eggs Benedict that had the salmon added to it.  *Totally* D-lish!!!  Lunch was the Greek salad which was meh and the burgers were nothing to write home about as for meat quality.  However, one the folks in our group had the burger topped with bacon, cheese and BBQ sauce.  That one looked worth the extra calories!
My husband and I wanted to eat soul food while in Vegas, so I found this place and ate there on Tuesday night.  I guess there is a difference between soul food and southern cuisine. 

We were expecting a soulful joint filled with soulful people. The place was PACKED! But only a handful of Black folks were there.  The "blues" singer was some young hippy-looking kid, backing him was a brotha playing guitar and another brotha playing the drums.  The "blues" singing was so DANG....LOUD it was crazy!  We looked around and the people were hee-hawing.  

The service was slow as a snail.  The waitress was very kind, but we waited over 20 minutes before we acknowledged at the table. 

I ordered a catfish po boy sandwich.  My husband ordered fried chicken with white gravy  (YUCK!!!) over white mac and cheese (YUCK!!!) and we shared a bowl of collard greens.  

The sandwich was suppose to be on a toasted hoggie bread and fries.  The bread was cold and dry, the catfish were those cheap-azz nuggets, slices of tomatoes and a piece of lettuce leaf. How do you put the round nuggets on the bread?  A palm size of fries. $17.99  

Chicken tasted good minus the gravy and mac and cheese.  The noodles were too thick to be used for mac and cheese.  You must have sharp cheddar cheese (orange)  in mac and cheese, not some mild white cheese.
$17.99

Collards were seasoned with bacon and that's all!  No garlic, no seasoned salt or vinegar. And it was COLD! $6.99

Don't even ask me about the drinks, what a JOKE!!!

The dessert menu didn't have any pound cake, sweet potato pie, buttermilk pie, cobbler; none of that true southern cuisine-soul food.

My husband asked the waitress were there any Black American ole' school cooks in the kitchen?.  She said, "Yes, two".  He then said, "There is no way they cooked this food.  It is TERRIBLE!" 

I know soul food.  I create soul food and I grew up on soul food and THAT is NOT soul food! YUCK!!!!!

IT IS OVERPRICED TOO!!!  $77



Oh! we didn't know until later that "BB King's Blues Club" is NOT..NOT..NOT his club!  They just have his permission to use his name.  That's how they get so many people to patronize that place.
Food ok, music great, service sucked.
If you like Blues, you will enjoy.  Don't go for the food, wine or service.
Have had much better BBQ...
Something about vacationing that makes me want collard greens.  lol  So the only spot that came to mind was BB Kings.  Decided to eat there on Sunday night after checking out their website and seeing that they sold 1. Collard Greens and 2. Fried Pickles!  From their website I was able to reserve a table through Open Table.  However I did not see where there was a cover charge for Sunday.  (Fri-Sat only).  OK  no big deal.  $5 later to get in when the band was on break.  We were seated at a table right in the front row with a clear view of the band.  Great.  I ordered the Fried Pickle appetizer and the cat fish as my entree with a side of collard greens.  The pickles were great but the sauce was too salty. The catfish came out hot and was great as well.  The collard greens were barely room temperature and dry.  I like a little juice in mine.  I won't be ordering them again.
The house band was very good!  The male lead singer/lead guitar was awesome.  I could have listened to him all night.  The female singer that came out had a great voice but no stage presence.  She looked as if she was a robot programed to sing.  Not to mention all the fidgeting.  From her dress to the ear piece. The only smile she gave was when a patron walked to the tip bucket seductively.
All in all, it was a good experience and would try it again.
BB King's Blues Restaurant - Mirage Casino Las Vegas

http://www.bbkingclubs.com/index.php?page=lvhome

We woke up and had some time for breakfast and decided to try BB King's Blues Restaurant.  It's located off the back of the casino in the Mirage complex where we were staying close to the elevators that service the towers.  We really like it and thought their food was tasty and different.  They have a pretty good variety of items on the menu, although higher priced of course than what you would like to pay.  Our family ordered the Cajun Pork Chops and Eggs, The Blues Benedict, and the Belgian Waffle.  The service was excellent and our bill was around $60.  Also, it was not too smoky in this restaurant.  We would go back.
I'll give this an add'l star because their chili was tasty. After we were seated it took 20 min. to have a waiter approach our table. We were on the verge of leaving when he arrived with a perfunctory "sorry".  If it weren't for the fact that we were hungry and thirsty we would have went elsewhere. We split the bowl of chili with a fried catfish po boy that was lousy. It hadn't been fried long enough, so there was no real texture. Their idea of seasoning appears to be to dump a boatload of creole seasoning on the nuggets and throw it in the fryer. The remoulade sauce on the side and the coleslaw must have been unremarkable since I remember nothing of them. The only lousy meal we had on the trip. At least the 20 oz. PBR draft was cold and tasty.
I met some friends here while in Vegas and there was much to be desired. We were there on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty empty. I was tempted to give this place 1 star, but the atmosphere was nice. Long story short:

1) Food was way over priced for quality and portion size.
2) Food - Everyone in my party agreed we have all had better.
3) Waitstaff - Slow
4) Orders - Took FOREVER! (I'm usually happy to talk and wait for food, but it was oddly long. Friends were getting re-fills twice over before the food arrived).
5) Our server was forgetting things and was actually kind of rude.

I won't be back. Sorry BB.
I ate at BB King's almost every morning for breakfast when visiting the Vegas, well at least when I wasn't too hungover and lazy to take the elevator 19 floors down to get some grub. This is a good place to get some breakfast if you are staying at the Mirage. check for the specials on mimosas and bloody Mary's. The bar staff was super duper nice, and I appreciated having my morning cup of coffee with them during my stay.
Can I write a blues song about how sad this place is? The legendary, finger plucking, visionary B.B. King should not have his name attached to these snake oil salesmen. For one, if I'm going to pay a five dollar cover charge to see a blues band play, can they not make repeated pirate jokes during their set? ("what's a pirate's favorite letter? The C!") I'm not sure why they shoehorned ten or more pirate related jokes into their set. I can only assume they thought they were playing at Treasure Island that night. Sadly, the lead singer was attempting to growl in a baritone, bluesy wail but it just sounded awkward and out of his range/comfort zone. Good background tunes, I guess - if you like elevator music with drums.

Additionally, who sells nine dollar PBR? My friend paid eighteen dollars for two of these notoriously cheap beers. And if you're going to charge twelve bucks for Guinness, you better make sure it tastes fresh; the stuff they had on tap was like a mixture of pine tar and dust. 

The catfish had absolutely no taste, and must have been battered with wet sand. The cheese and sausage platter looked like they opened a Slim Jim package and threw it on a plate. 

And to top it off, when the bill came we asked our waiter, politely, if he could put 30 dollars in cash toward the tab and put the rest of the 40 on our credit card. He repeated our request, nodded in agreement, and walked away. When he came back, he had pocketed the 30 dollars, citing that we told him to keep it as a "tip", and charged me the full 70 bucks. If you have a question, dude, ask me before you turn your hand into a piggy bank. When you're dealing with money you don't assume you have to know. 

This was the best "feel how it is to have the blues" experience ever. Maybe it's a themed, interactive restaurant.
Ate here for lunch with family. VERY average at best. Don't think you are getting real southern comfort food. My poboy was served on a hot dog bun. Catfish bites was more fried breading than catfish. Coleslaw and hush puppies were best part of the meal. Find a better option.
Everything about this place is average or slightly below average.  I came in with a large group, so I got to see a lot of the different menu items and they were all very bland.  We ordered a few platters of the Soul Sampler, which was overpriced and overcooked.  My cowboy burger had a lot of potential, but the hockey puck that came slapped in between the bun really was disappointing.  I will say they made a nice bloody mary.  I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.
CUSTOMER SERVICE NOT THE BEST but the food is pretty good!!  After reading all of the reviews, my friend and I were hesitant to try this spot out, but after walking the strip, we ended up here.  As soon as we approached the podium, there were around 4 young ladies just standing there......we waited for someone to tell us something.  After being told it was a 20 min wait to get a table (the place wasnt even full), we found a spot at the bar.  After 10 min of waiting for someone to acknowledge us, my friend got up to get us some menus.  We were then told that we had to order from the bartender (we were seated in the bar area but not at the bar).  I wish someone had told us that we had to go directly to the bar to order.   The food finally came and I admit it was good.  The baked beans were the best, so make sure you order that.  I would just suggest that management put their staff in customer service training and learn to manage multiple tables so that the customer doesnt have to get their own menus or additional napkins.
I would eat here again. I don't know how southern it is but I enjoyed the food and service I had for lunch here. The gumbo was tasty and filling but I felt it could use more crawfish. Tamales were good and so was the chicken fried chicken.
Had breakfast here only. Its decent but overpriced. $15 for a simple omelet?
Yuck. 

We walked in and right back out....When we were seated there was this funky raw sewage smell. No way am I going to ingest anything made from a place with a serious order problem.
Went to bb kings after my niece got married and had a blast!  It was like having a reception that we didn't have to pay for!  The food was nothing spectacular, pretty much what you'd expect from a BBQ joint, but super upbeat atmosphere and the band was incredible. Marissa, our sever, was very attentive & seemed to love her job.  Ask for her & you'll be well taken care of!
I don't think that we will be returning here on our next trip.

We stayed at the Mirage, and so we figured that this would be the easiest brunch. 

We were seated immediately. Right after we ordered, I made the horrible discovery that whoever bussed the table failed to wipe up the syrup on the side of the table. I got it ALL over myself. EW! i had to excuse myself to clean up.

Our waitress was lovely. The food was good, not amazing, but a good brunch. With tip, our brunch came to $50. RIDICULOUS. For a coffee, orange juice, breakfast burrito, and some eggs??? Really???

My HUGE problem, however, came the next day when I checked my credit card statement. I saw that BB KIng's charged me TWICE for this meal. Unfortunately, this is not the first time that this happened. I immediately called, and was blown off by whoever answered the phone. He said that a manager would call me. No one ever did.

On our way out for the day, I came in and asked to speak to a manager. After waiting for ten minutes, the manager told me that there was nothing that he could do and that "their machines were messed up". Um...ok, but why am I charged twice? I really didn't appreciate that, and that he basically told us that he wasn't going to do anything. 

Eventually it got worked out, but if you go, PAY IN CASH.
Went here for appetizers with my family before a get together. The food we had was VERY tasty and I would love to eat there again whenever I come to the strip. I only give it two stars is because we had a waiter who took our order and was VERY neglectful and very very rude to our entire table. It really soured our dining experience. If we do go again I hope we get a different waiter or I would walk right on out again. No matter how good the food is bad service will completely ruin everything.
I've not heard one good thing about this place from the service to the food. We were going to see Terry Fator and decided  to check it out anyway. The service was very good and the food was tasty. I had ribs and my partner had a chicken sandwich. Both were good...not outstanding, but good. The only complaint that I had was that I got 4 bones for $16. For that, I would expect a half rack. I would go back if I had another show to go to there. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there though. Overall, it wasn't bad.
If I could give less than one star I would.  There are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas and this certainly isn't one of them.  We went there because we had a $20 coupon.  Unfortunately there was a $10/person cover charge just to be sat.  Not including the cover charge, our bill for two came to over $70 and I don't drink.  The food was extremely disappointing, the service was horrible and we sat at a tiny uncomfortable table.  I will never return to this place and suggest you go to any other restaurant in Vegas.
I am definitely a fan of this place. I went to eat here for dinner before a show at the Mirage.  Looking at the menu online was what made me want to eat here.  It was my first time eating at B.B. King's and I have to say my date and I were very pleased with our meal. I had the pulled pork and he had the rib eye steak.  The meats were cooked perfectly!  The mashed potatoes and baked beans were equally delicious.  I loved the atmosphere of this place, really cool and funky.  They had a live band performing as we were eating dinner and they were playing all the jams to start out an exciting vegas night.  The only reason why I'm docking a star is because the hostess was a little on the slow side.
The food was great. However, we weren't I interested in food. We wanted to hear the BLUES. Huge disappointment. The band was good but they played two blues songs and the rest was top 40 pop from the 1950s, 1960s and maybe 1970. I could listen to the oldies radio station if I wanted to hear easy listening music. The service was good as well. In sum, good as a restaurant. Forget hearing live blues. What a joke!
YUM!  Our 2nd trip to Vegas and we had to eat there again.  BBQ sauce is delicious.  Hickory Chicken Sandwich is awesome.
I was staying at the Mirage and drug my hungover ass here for breakfast a couple of times. The omelette was ridiculously expensive but good. Had to wait forever so the bartender gave me a free mimosa. I love food like this though. Little bit more upscale bar fare.
The customer is nobody at BB King's.

Update on closing time -- it's now 10 p.m. mid-week, which is really odd for a place with live bands inside a casino (The Mirage) on the Vegas Strip.

Our party of seven got there at about 9:15 and was turned away because no table would be ready until 9:45, and then there wouldn't be time for us to order and get our meals by their apparently strict 10 p.m. time to shoo all the customers out of the restaurant.

It was surreal, standing at the hostess counter hearing the band inside jamming and knowing the place was still going to be "open" for another 45 minutes, but that we would not be seated because their staff didn't want to be there one minute past 10 p.m.

Because I had a $100 coupon from Restaurant.com and this was our last night in Vegas, I decided to order from the bar and take the food to go.  The bartender was cool and even tried to get us a table inside the dining room, but the manager refused him, too.

Once the food arrived, it was pretty good.  But we had to eat it at the Starbucks in the casino because that was the only place to sit down, and we couldn't eat at the bar because we had kids with us.  Only B.B. King's closed at 10, though. The California Pizza Kitchen and every shop and bar inside the Mirage was still open when we left the casino. Maybe they all do better business than BB King's. Likely they treat paying customers better.

One last note -- an 18% gratuity was automatically added to our bill even though it was a take-out order.  That's way out of line when you're not getting any table service.  And I didn't notice that until we'd already left the casino. I'd given the bartender a $40 tip just for trying to get us a table.  With that 18% gratuity on top, the guy made a cool $70-plus for taking our order.  Great night for him.  Crappy night for us.  Insult to injury.
For Breakfast - 4.5 stars.
For lunch - 3 stars
For dinner - there are better places to go.

So for breakfast:  this place has AMAZING breakfasts as far as I'm concerned.  It's kind of a hidden gem honestly.  Everything I've gotten comes out fresh and well made.  It's perfect for vegas hangover food.. ha.

My top recommendation is the omelet.  Get jalapenos if you like truly hot food - theirs are good and hot.
BB King's is yet another mediocre, corporate feeling BBQ joint.  Is the food here bad? Not by a long shot, but it's also no where near good enough to warrant a second try.  The food is generic and overpriced, with average service and an atmosphere that reminds me of your average Chili's. 

If you are staying at The Mirage and have kids, or if you've never had real BBQ in your life, BB King's might be just fine for you, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.
While staying at the Mirage, my dad and I decided that we'd just grab a bite to eat for breakfast here.  We chose BB King's because it was right by the elevator's and it wasn't exactly busy.  It seemed like a better choice than ordering the $8 bowl of cereal from room service.

Our first contact with the staff wasn't from our actual waitress but by a floating bus/service lady who took our drink order.  After a bit, our waitress finally showed up and took our order.  I ordered a regular omelet and my dad ordered one with egg whites.  Our meal was brought to us by yet another floating waiter.  I think it's best to remind the reader that it was not busy...

The food itself was pretty good.  The veggies in the omelet tasted very fresh and the chopped kielbasa that I ordered in it was tasty.  The hashbrowns were your typical shredded potatoes and biscuit was fairly simple as well.  My dad enjoyed his egg white omelet, but skipped the biscuit.

During our meal, our waitress did come by to drop off our check, but when we were ready to pay, she was no where to be found.  After a good ten minutes, in which our table was cleared by one of the floating staff, our waitress showed up to get the check and bring it back.  

While the breakfast itself was pretty good, the service left something to be desired.  I'm not saying don't come here, but if you have somewhere to be, skip it.
Live music was really good. Food was tasty. I mean besides all the other stuff Vegas offered this was a good stop on the way out for an evening on the strip.
What an interesting and fun atmosphere!  Kind of like Bubba Gump restaurant meets House of Blues.  Came here for lunch and ordered a Memphis Style chicken salad.  First, the waitress took FOREVER to come to our table.  The order took a long time to get to the table, and the food was just so-so.  There was nothing particularly special about the salad, but also nothing wrong with it.  Portion was very generous.  Perhaps their more traditional Southern fare is better, but I wouldn't go back for an average salad and slow service.
We all know the saying "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." Well, I offer another one, "Keep the wife happy when in Vegas or your vacation is going to be a battle that will come home with you." Not sure when I learned that, but I'm sure glad I did. So, when my wife said she wants to go to the Mirage Hotel to BB Kings Blues Club, I said, "Sure, let's go tonight." Whew... a bullet dodged and I probably didn't even know it at the time.

See, Oliva loves Jazz and hates Gambling. I like Gambling and love Music. So, before I can gamble (and she gets uber-bored/pissed), I need to make sure she's knocked a few "to do" items off her list. Does it make me a bad husband? I don't know, but it sure made for a smoother trip because she loved BB King's Blues Club. We came about 5 minutes before a live set started, paid the cover fee $5/person, told the hostess we were there for the music, and got seated dead center in the front row. Nice.

We ordered a couple draft beers and some Sweet Potato Tots with Caramel Sauce (meh) to snack on while Jazz heated up the place. The first part of the set was magical with some great improvisations and jazz joints. The crowd was into it, but not really hitting the dance floor. About half-way through the set, a new lead singer came out and the mood/tone of the music became love songs. The dance floor did eventually fill up, but the jazz vibe was muted. I definitely loved the first part of the set more than the second. 

Overall, Olivia gave BB King's 5-star gold. For me, it was a-ok 3 stars, but a happy wife makes for a happy life, so I'm officially a 4-star fan of BB King's Blues Club.
I really want to give this place 4 stars.... But I just can't. 

The food was really good. My gumbo was spicy and a decent sized portion. My partner inhaled her burger, which is a good sign. The mac and cheese was made with a white cheddar and came with extra cheese melting on top of it. But the piece de resistance was the sweet potato puff sundae. The name is a little misleading. They're not puffs at all, they're basically sweet "potater" tots. They're a little smaller, perfectly crispy on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside. Bring them out in a large bowl, drizzle them with hot fudge and caramel, top them with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and you've got a decadent dessert that is just to die for! If you get nothing else, get that!

So why only 3 stars? Our service was probably the worst service I've received at a restaurant in a long time. There were 6 of us. We were seated at a table. Then waited almost 20 minutes with no drinks, and no acknowledgement. I ended up having to go to the hostess and let her know that we'd been waiting and still didn't have our drinks. She didn't apologise, just said, "Ok, one minute" and went to find our server. A few minutes later, he appeared at my elbow and said, "What do you want to drink?" Not "Hey guys, sorry for the delay. How is everyone? etc" Nothing. Just "What do you want to drink?" We had to tell him that we were all ready to order our food too. He really didn't seem like he wanted to be there, and it showed. He went around, took our orders and then left. He brought our drinks, and at one point several of us were on empty, and about to go to the bar to get refills when he appeared to get us more. When he brought our food, he just kind of threw it down and that was it. I don't think he came back to check on us once, except to clear the plates. Had we not been in a time crunch, I would have spoken to the manager, but we were trying to hustle to get to a show. 

It's a shame, really. Had the service been on point, I would have bumped it up another star because the food was good and the live music was good. But that awful service is just impossible to ignore.
We went here because it was in our hotel and we had coupons for free appetizers with entree purchase. The restaurant was not very busy but we weren't waited on promptly.

Both of the appetizers we ordered were awful. We got the sweet potato bites and hated them. We both like sweet potato fries so we were surprised by how bad they were. We also got the nachos which were nothing like the description.

Our entrees were alright, but still not great. We're from Portland so we know good food. This place was not good.
I went here with high expectations. Band was stellar. Well worth the cover charge even tho the hostess was trying to persuade me to sit at the bar instead of paying. Whatevs. The bad part was tho I wanted to pay for a table for dinner, they sat me at a dirty table with no place settings. Gross. Relocated myself to a dinner table and had a horrible waitress, Lakeisha -- needs to learn how to serve tables! Was rude, yelling at the hostesses, even as the food runner brought my entree, the salad/ old wine glass was never removed. Why let dirty dishes sit in front of your guest at such a nice place? Good thing the meal was one of the best ive tasted! Carolina salmon, on top of creamed corn, it was Delicious!!!! As waitress trompped around, I felt uncomfortable but tried to enjoy the ambiance. I was going to stay around at the bar to enjoy the band but the bathrooms were so far away I never went back and I am glad i didnt. It was the first time in a VERY long time I left a 10 percent tip but with such lack luster service, i think this was generous.
BB King ought to be ashamed to have his name attached to a place like this.
 
Yea I knew going in not to expect much, I DID read the reviews this time. But the group I was with "raved" about their experience a few days before and they had a coupon, and you know they saying: majority rules..... 

Sooooo where's everyone?!??!?! I mean the place was practically empty, I'm NOT putting 2 on a 10! Out of the whole establishment, there were three tables (including mines) that were in use. Not even one person sitting at the bar! That's not good...
 I ordered something simple a fried catfish po'boy. It was good but the fries are horrible! 
They even had the nerve to try to set the ambience by diming the lights and putting candles on the tables. Turn the lights on so folks can know that you're open and they'll come in. DUH!

Not coming back and not recommending......Sorry BB.
Food is good but pricey and the portions are small. When I spoke to the manager about the portions, he stated their corporate office determines the portion size and that he hears complains all of the time concerning it. - Skip it - my son and I were still hungry after eating.
We were in here when the band was rehersing, not actually at night. The band sounded awesome! The food was great! Their chicken ceasar with cornbread croutons was slammin!  Appetizers are half off when the band is rehersing also. Definitely check it out. Fun place!
The food was exceptionally wonderful. You hear about "fall off the bone" ribs but these indeed were exactly that. Not only were they super-tender they were super-flavorful! I really didn't expect to enjoy them as much as I did and leave clean bones on my plate.  My husband got the pasta dish and really loved it.  The band playing on Sunday night was very talented.

Now for the problems: Although we loved the band the volume was so loud my husband and I could not talk at all.  We had to shout our order to our waiter about three times and honestly we just gave up and pointed at the menu what we wanted.  The iced tea was obviously old and tasted terrible but again it was so loud we couldn't send it back.  The side dishes (mine was the mashed potatoes and coleslaw) were very tasty but absolutely tiny portions.

Bottom line...if you can definitely go and try the ribs but perhaps go in the afternoon when the band isn't playing.  I will definitely get the ribs again but will not order the iced tea.
Great food in a fun atmosphere! Loved the live music. The band was ridiculously good! Our waitress was really attentive and made good recommendations. We tried the ribs and chicken fried chicken. Both were fantastic. Hubby says the file slaw is one of the best he has had. Be aware that there is a $5 per person cover charge when there is live music.
I was excited to eat at BB King's during our honeymoon in Vegas... Unfortunately, we left very disappointed. Our dinner lasted more than 2 hours, not because we were having the time of our lives, but because of the terrible service. 

We were told that we would have to pay $5 each because there was live music playing that night. We were totally okay with this as fans of live music... However, once the band came on, they played FOUR songs and called it a night. They were very talented, but are you really charging me extra for 4 songs? Ridiculous.

No server paid us attention after we were seated. We were not given waters or told who our server was. We hunted someone down, ordered, and waited more for our food. The food was just okay, and at that point, we were already ready to go.

Thank goodness we were using a restaurant.com gift certificate and didn't have to pay full price. I would not return here... too many other options nearby.
we re here for breakfast party of seven 6 adults and child and we only order 5 entrees and 1 togo and we get our bill it was $120 then i charged it to my room then i signed and realized the bill was $150 after i sign waitress took the bill never gave us any receit. so went up to front to see what was goin on and they told us 18 percent grautity was added and i ask why it was added when we had only seven people in the group. waitress said we had 8 but i told her were only 7. then she brushed it off and said we order 1 togo order last that made it 8. wtf. i explain to her we only had 7 people and order 6 entrees and 1 togo. she said she will change the ticket and talk to mgr. we also realized our juice i order for my child was charged 7dollars instead of 4 dollar for small size and she said  she will fix she was fucking rude as hell never it my life i felt like this i was so mad... hostess said mgr will come talk to us and sorry bout this..we never ask for manager but just wanted them to fix the ticket anyways mgr never showed up to say sorry maybe didnt want to confront the situtation. they really need to train there employee right the waitress we had was chubby short glasses n didnt get the name but she was fucking rude. maybe trying to scam us because were asian and maybe tourist and didnt understan the grautity system. we ask where we can make complaint about the situation they said they are not part of mirage and cant really make compaints.. wtf! just go to buffet for breakfast at cravings its actually cheaper because they dont chare for juice or coffee...
I stayed at the Mirage, I came here for breakfast since it's right next to the elevator.  It was pretty packed and it took more than 30 minutes for us to get our food. It wasn't that bad of a wait because we were drinking mimosas and it was LAS VEGAS. 

I got the bb's breakfast sampler and the breakfast quesadilla. It's cool that they let you have your eggs any way you want it - which I got one sunny side up and one scramble. Pancake was buttery and huge - this sample is worth your money.  I actually divided this dish between three people. The apple wood smoked bacon was cooked perfectly and the salsa that came with the (egg) quesadilla complemented the dish very well.  

Overall, the food was good, but you could totally make the same thing at home for cheaper.

We had a 19 months old baby with us and he threw the packages of jam and butter everywhere, but our waitress was very nice about it.  Slow service, but nice service.
Place made me very sad.  I used to visit Vegas a lot before I moved here, I dunno think I counted once and was here 35 times before , and I'm from Miami so it's not a hop skip and a jump.  I used to stay at the Mirage for a yearly convention and every time I did I looked forward to 2 things 1) pickles from the Carnegie Deli and 2) the GRITS from BB Kings.   I did not look forward to their $4.00 cup of coffee, especially when Starbucks was right around the corner, and the Mirage doesn't have coffee makers in the rooms. So $4.00 for a plan old cup of coffee is very steep.

Over this past weekend, I had girlfriends in from out of town staying at the Mirage. I could not talk enough about how amazing this place's GRITS were, grits, grits, grits that's all they heard. So Sunday we finally went to get me my grits.

As soon as we sat down, I noticed the menu was difft. My stomach growled and sank at the same time, surely they could not have done away with my GRITS. But sadly twas true, the GRITS were no longer :( and I was very very sad.

Now whatever they were going to serve me to eat was not going to make it up to me. Grits are Grits and I was looking forward to these Grits for days. They give you a biscuit instead of toast with your breakfast.  Mmy veggie friend said the biscuit was AMAZEBALLS and I didn't have the heart to tell her they probably made it with Lard that's why. Let her eat it in all it's glory and she was happy. I however upgraded to the whole wheat toast for $1.50 with my $4.00 coffee and opted for an egg white omelet.  My omelet was swimming in grease. Like there was visible oil on the plate from when it came out of the pan, made me sad again b/c the point of egg while omelet is to be healthy.  They didn't have any healthy options that I could spy on the menu other than the egg white omelet.

I will say they have 2 HUGE TV's for watching football. Like move theater screen size; however, they didn't have the sound on, so it's a catch 22. You can look but you can't hear!

So after everything was said and done my meal was $20 with tip $25. The day before we went next store and ate at Cravings with all you can eat and all you can drink drink mimosas [and GRITS] for $30.00.
Mr. M & I had tickets to go see Ron White at The Mirage on 9/2 and since I snagged a coupon from one of those timeshare slickmeisters for a free app at BB King's we thought we'd have dinner here before the show.  Now, based on the reviews I didn't have high expectations, but I saw a couple of items on the menu that looked ok so what the heck.

We were also slapped with the $5 cover charge by the snotty little hostess.  I tell ya what....I know she probably deals with a lot of crap from the public, but she was NOT NICE.  I saw on her fancy computer that they also have a $15 cover charge button.  For $15 cover the Black Crowes better be on stage and there better be some good secondhand hemp smoke for me to enjoy.  Anyway....she said there would be live music.  Yeah, 40 minutes later there was a good band that came on stage.  A REALLY good band.  But seriously we got to hear 4 songs then had to go.  My theory started then that the owners of this particular BB King's Club are moneygrubbers.  It will be proven as fact later that night.

I was really glad the app was free because it was two beef tamales just like the ones you can find in the freezer at Trader Joe's.  I like the Trader Joe's grub ok, but one of the tamales had sat too long on one side or something in the steam table and it was hard and would have been better used as a shim under our wobbly table leg.  

We shared the entree and I'm glad we did because it was a huge amount of food.  The pork chop dinner was good all around.  Two moist pork chops, perfectly cooked and seasoned with fresh green beans, real mashed potatoes with the red skins still on, and those baked cinnamon apples were all the dessert we needed.  We both agreed that meal was really good, but the app was terrible.   The steak knife was completely dull.  When I first cut into a chop I thought, "Oh no, this thing is all dried out and tough", but it was the knife.  They need some new ones.  Terribly dull.  Thank God we didn't really need it.

Our server was really nice, but like others have said the service is painfully slow.  As I was looking around it seems like the servers have a lot of ground to cover in that joint.  It's pretty big, so maybe that adds to the slowness. 

OK.  Take an intermission now.  We went to Ron's show which was hysterical.

Then Ron invited everyone with a ticket back over to BB King's to listen to his wife sing.  Awesome.  We got our table and the server was there lickety split to take our drink order.   For $8 I got a urine sample sized plastic cup with some mediocre red wine and for $9 my husband got a plastic cup full of ice, water, & a splash of Dewars.  I felt like those overpriced drinks were an insult and therefore proved my theory that the owners of this place are moneygrubbers.  Those drinks were like someone wasn't even trying.  Awful waste of money.  The pork chop dinner is 3 stars, and the rest of the evening is a 1.  So they get two.  I will probably never go back to this joint unless the Black Crowes are there.
Overpriced and the food was so-so.  I even went in one morning because of their advertised breakfast special and it was basically still overpriced for a couple of eggs and toast.

The service was nice but I'm starting to feel that that's just Vegas, everyone knows how people want to be treated and make people feel comfortable but overall, the service can't mask everything forever.  Once again, the food was just good enough to satisfy my hunger and keep me alive but the place is overpriced (more than other Vegas spots) that you might as well just go to a buffet.
I enjoyed myself the band was Great...Food was good! A little pricey for what you get...
Was totally looking forward to hittin this club but they closed at 11pm???? You say What? 11pm In Vegas? We got there at 10:30, thought we could get in a little bit of blues, they didn't wanna let us in so I made a stink about it and they gave in. Was with a group of 7 people. At 10:40 we got drinks but they wouldn't let us order any food cause they closed the kitchen even though it didn't close for 20 mins. Needless to say this blew our plans for the night. Luckily there was a Beatles Nightclub next door that saved the night!
I really liked this place, although I wish i was feeling better to fully enjoy it. Our group got there around 7 right before the live music started (and before the front started charging a cover to get in) The menu had a good selection but I was first drawn to the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, with fries and coleslaw, even for being sick I finished every last bite on my plate. Others at our table had the hickory chicken sandwich, the chicken tender appetizer, and the BBQ pulled pork platter (A giant heap of pork, no bun, with baked beans and coleslaw) Everyone loved their food. The one and only complaint was how long it took our server to check back and get us the second round of drinks. 

The live music was awesome, we really enjoyed our time here.

(For those who complained about being over priced, you're in Vegas, everything is over priced)
This is a great place for dinner. Really enjoyed the music and the ribs are amazing. We were able to get a coupon for a free dinner at DestinationCoupons.com and saved over $10 bucks!
This place was the highlight of our recent Vegas trip. There was some confusion over if we had an actual reservation (made online, received an email confirming our reservation along with the statement in the same email "this establishment no longer takes reservations") but when we showed up at our appointed time we were immediately led to a great table. The food and drinks were excellent and the band was very talented and it was a lot of fun. I felt the prices were reasonable for the portions we got. There were many delicious looking options to the menu and we were sorry we didn't get a chance to get back there during our stay in Vegas. Next time for sure!
Now, let me begin by saying I'm a blues guy and I like BB King. Ok, now let me continue by saying maybe BB is just an average cook with average taste buds. I'm just sayin'. I know he doesn't cook but...

I liked the atmosphere, enjoyed the bartender's jokes and fun style, music was good, hey even the over-practiced, soul-less blues trio was good. But the food, unfortunately, was disappointing. I would rate it as decent and I swear it felt pre-prepared since it took less than a minute to get back to me. hmmm. Anywhoo, I was in Vegas and it seemed like I had to go visit BB's resto. 

I would recommend to see a band (some of upcoming musicians were solid) and say you've been to BB's restaurant otherwise the food was about average. - DanO
Three Stars- not surprised.  We had a girls weekend in Vegas and we didn't have a whole lot of time before a show, so we saw this place and it looked good and there wasn't a line.  $10 to sit and eat...no thank you, but they said we could sit at the bar for free.  Not idea when there's five people, but like I said we didn't have a lot of time and it was easier than trying to make up our minds on another place.  The service was fine, when you're sitting at the bar it should be exceptional, but it was just fine...nothing to complain about, but nothing great, also.  I go the mahi mahi sandwich and my friend the mahi mahi dinner- very bland, dry and chewy.  Not to mention, they forgot the pickle and coleslaw, grrr.  1 star for the food.  My friend got the nachos which were good and my other friends seemed to like their food.  Also, a weird thing happened when one of the bar tenders/bar backs said he'd take our photo he took EIGHT photos from FOUR different angles....it took forever and got really awkward, especially since we never even asked him to take the photo in the first place. The music was fun, however, which is the only redeemable quality and how it got two stars.  Definitely wouldn't come back here again!.
Great jazz and blues restaurant by the elevator banks. I'd always hear live music whenever I'm leaving my room night for some fun. Today I decided to give it a try and came here for breakfast instead of the buffet for a change of pace. The food here was made fresh, all made from scratch so the wait pretty sucks but fresh is fresh. Price cost as much as the buffet so I was feeling a bit uneasy paying the same price for me meal when I can pay about the same or less as the buffet and have more variety. I ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast $13 and it was excellent but small. :( 

Our server Janel was very freindly and always checked on our table to see how we're doing and she did not disappoint. Her positive attitude helped us feel comfortable even though the price was too high and food portions were not generous. 

The layout of the restaurant resembles a blues and jazz theme with southern hospitality. They have posters of famous blues singers on the walls and the lighting is pretty dim and has a bar in the right near the entrance and another bar opposite of the dining area. 

I would come back during dinner when the it's more packed and for the live band. Minus one star for the price.
I highly recommend the bowl of chili. It's had a great kick to it and will literally have you craving for it later on.
I love the decoration of the place. Each table had a painting/drawing of a famous blues artist. 
Customer service was great!
HORRIBLE customer service..

Our waitress seemed to forget our table. First, it took about 20 minutes for anyone to get water. Then, after going around the table to take everyone's order she forgot one person's order; instead apologizing for her error she rudely asked, "What'd you have?" as if it were the customer's fault that the waitress forgot her order.  Once we ALL had our food, there was no refill on water or coffee, no check-in to see how everything was going.  

The food itself was okay.  The deep fried PB&J was a fun little treat.  I had ordered the chicken fried steak which was a huge portion and tasty.  The only other positive to this place is that it was in our hotel so location was uber convenient, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come out to eat here.
We were headed here last night to check it out for an upcoming event, until we got the call. . . you know, the one that says "actually, you might not want to bother, because we're going to be closing way before your event."
Wah wah.
Why did I come here? I must be an idiot! Rip off and woefully inadequate. I was starving. Spoiled from living in San Francisco.
THEYRE CLOSED--PERMANENTLY!
The bartender that was Sun 11/11 @ 11am was totally RUDE...
Pissed off about them closing and wasnt trying to be helpful, nice or even dressed as if he even cared to be there...
Wanted to Get Bloody Marys for the road before heading to the Airport and he refused to charge it to the room--
Telling me "Were closing tonight-The Mirage doesnt own us anymore and were not taking room charges!"
Worst treatment I had at the Mirage!
Glad theyre closing........
My husband and our friends ate here on vacation before we saw the Beatles Love show in July 2012. Lola was our waitress and she was an absolute doll- so friendly and accommodating to everyone! The food was delicious too...overall a really wonderful experience one of the best we had in Vegas! Sad to see it closed :(
This review is for breakfast. If I could give them no stars I would. We had a party of eight, which I understand can take slightly longer but there was such a lack of, really anything, service and food included. We waited for 45 minutes while about 16 other people got sat, finally sat down at a table were not even acknowledged for about 15 minutes and then left. Wast of time.
Great live band great food
Went here for wedding reception. Great music and food but a little loud for a family wedding reception.
Julian Dennison is GM and he is the most fantastic host. Welcoming, generous, so friendly.

First visit: wicked live blues band!!! Their house band with a sub in for lead guitar... who TOTALLY stole the show!

His name is PJ Barth and he's unbelievable! Vids here: http://www.youtube.com/user/PJBarthMusic

We ordered a few rounds of drinks, and service was quick and cheerful.

The second visit, we ate dinner. 

We ordered appetizers of nachos (WOW), spinach dip (YUM), and hush puppies (TO DIE FOR... if they sold frozen versions, I would take them home with me).

I had a bunch of sides: hush puppies (yes, I ordered MORE), mac & cheese (OMG) and a salad too (yummy)! I didn't even notice what anyone else ate! 

It`s right next to the guest elevators, which is very convenient. They also do brunch, though we didn't check it out.

One of the coolest features of this place is the artwork on the walls and tabletops!
Eddie V's Prime Seafood Opens in Scottsdale Quarter

Monday February 14,  Eddie V's opened their doors to the public in Scottsdale Quarter at Greenway  and Scottsdale Rd. After making the transition down the hill from DC Ranch I am thrilled to have this new location right in my own backyard.

You know I am all about  Happy Hour In Scottsdale on Facebook , so here you go:

The seven day a week happy hour from 4-7 leaves you no excuse to pass this one up. Even though Eddie Vs does not do happy hour on the cheap cheap you end up with the finest foods on your plate. Currently the discount is $ 2 off all drinks and $ 3 off all appetizers. The large finely crafted oval walnut bar anchors the lounge area flanked by intimate tables for open viewing enjoyment of the nightly live jazz sounds that Eddie Vs is known for.

Appetizers like Tartare of Ahi Tuna, Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, Crispy Oysters (do not shy away from the curry), Maine Lobster Tacos, and Point Judith Calamari are all favorites. Serving sizes are enough to share between two or three people. The drink menu is extensive as well as the premium  wine list. 

If you are looking for the classiest Happy Hour In Scottsdale this is the place to go.

Beyond happy hour Eddie Vs new location boasts 3 small - large private dining rooms that can be booked for private parties or conferences. A place you can use to impress your best clients. The abundant wine storage is a unique clear archway design where you can view all that Eddie Vs has to offer.

The dinner menu includes 9 amazing and skillfully prepared Prime Seafood entrees, numerous Prime Steaks that melt in your mouth along with a Berkshire Double Pork Chop,  and  a double breast of chicken which can all be accompanied by luscious sauces and seafood.

Most of all you don't want to miss the truffle mac and cheese that leaves you thinking about when you are going to be able to go back for more. Don't be afraid of the fresh beets! They are not the kind we grew up looking at as a kid. These are some premium root vegetables prepared to enhance any plate.

As with all of the restaurants envisioned by Guy Villavaso and Larry Foles
( the father of U of A quarterback Nick) you will never be disappointed with the highly skilled staffs commitment to the quality of your dining experience. The depth of the staff's education on product and service is impeccable! 

I hope you look forward to your next trip back as much as I do.

Sorry my pix are sideways they were not that way when I uploaded them!
What a difference a few miles can make!  I've eaten at the DC Ranch location a few times and it was nice.  But, wow, what a turn around the new Scottsdale Quarter location has pulled off.  

The menu has definitely been updated and the sushi bar is simply fantastic.  I had a yellowtail crudo with little fingerlime "eggs" - best sashimi I've had in years - hands down.  

Live music in the lounge 7 nights a week?!  Great vibe, great scene, stunning decor.  

Really, REALLY well done Eddie V's!
If you're looking for an amazing place to eat, come to Eddie V's.  I came here tonight with my family for my birthday and completely over indulged! Our server, Suzette, was super friendly and attentive.  She really brought our dining experience over the top.  

The night started off with their calamari which was so flavorful and different than just your ordinary calamari!  For the main course, we enjoyed the bone-in rib eye, filet mignon, lobster, and seabass.  Our favorite side dish was the truffled macaroni and cheese!  To end the meal, we had a chocolate lava dessert - cooked to order.  Make sure you save room for that... it was fantastic!

My parents were impressed with the ambience, the live music, and the amazing bathrooms!

I will definitely be back soon... Be sure to make reservations.  We were lucky enough to find seating in the lounge area, but a reserved table/booth would have been nicer.
V's has been open 1 week at this location having moved from DC Ranch.

Let's get right into it!  If you want excellent food this is as good as it gets in Scottsdale. Everything is prepared well and is very fresh. All the items on the menu are above expectations.

However it is not worthy of 4 stars for several reasons. They all revolve around service and ambience.

 When entering you expect to be seated on time. We arrived five minutes before our reservation of 8pm  and waited 15 minutes past our time. You enter the doorway and are met with an "Outback" style cramped passageway full of patrons also waiting for seating. We were told to go to the bar and wait. Not what you expect from an upscale restaraunt even on a Friday evening.

Our server was not as attentive to us (same as at the original location) and we felt rushed so as to turn our booth of  two quickly. He was not well versed about the menu and we knew more about it than he did. On ordering he forgot  to mention the special filet. So we had to rethink our choice.

I hope that as time goes they will upgrade the greeting area with friendly staff, promptly honor your reservation and the waiters become more knowledgeable and considerate of every patron..

The atmoshpere is loud and it felt as though we were in a cafeteria. The seating is very open and not private. 

It is the little things that are annoying when you are expecting and should get upscale service.  We were given a valet ticket ($3 dollars off valet charge) to validate  inside. Akward and not upscale. The appetizer was placed  in the middle of the table with no serving plates. We summoned a bus boy to get some small plates as our server was busy at other tables. Our plates sat on the table even after our after dinner cocktail was completed and only after we recieved our check. Eddie V's needs to  understand service will ruin an excellent kitchen.

Ok, so as I said the food is beyond compare. Start with the crabcake., no fillers, flaky and as good as in Maryland. No reason to be critical of the seafood. It is as fresh as before. Note: They have a seafood bar off the main entrance that invites oysters on the half shell enthusiasts. Louisianna fresh. 

I opted for the rib eye bone-in and was not disappointed even though the server forgot? to add  the peppercorn au poivre. My guest had the filet special and it was ok but nothing special. Stick with the menu filet.

We ordered the mac and cheese side (always a winner) and the spinach parmasean reggiano. They were excellent. Spinach was warm and garlic seasoned.

If you are a local the 4-7 happy hour is the way to go. The bar is nicely positioned and the tables alongside are usually open. Appetizer specials are available at a reasonable discount. Without a doubt the bartenders are knowledgeable and skilled. Some of the best in the city that has many. 

If you are in town and in the Kierland area I would recommend Eddie V's. If the service improves they will be a top notch eatery.
I have been waiting to try the new Eddie V's at Scottsdale Quarter after they closed the Eddie V's at DC Ranch last year. Well I was not surprised to find the place was packed, when you walk in the front door directly to your left is the oyster bar where I met executive chef Tom Harvey creating delicious appetizers like Ahi tuna tartare, colossal shrimp cocktails and New England Jonah crab claws.

Tom also let us samples some shrimp ceviche which was a perfect balance of citrus and shrimp and I noticed they have 3 sushi rolls on the menu as well. You must try the Maryland style all lump crab cake you will not be disappointed. If you decide to get the Kung Pao style calamari make sure you split it with a friend it is humongous the waiter used a fork lift and a crane just to place it on the table.

For your entrees I recommend the macadamia crusted butterfish, chilean sea bass steamed Hong Kong style or you can order it with an almond crust. If one of your dinner guest is not in the mood for seafood you will like the 8oz or the 12oz filet mignon, 14 oz. veal chop or the 16oz rack of lamb.

The service and the food here is astounding they have a live band a large bar area and valet parking what more can you ask for.
Went for happy hour at 4 p.m. on a Wed.  The place was quiet but packed shortly after 5 p.m.  Drinks are $2 off and appetizers $3 off.  Don't get fooled by the fancy drink menu, it's cheaper to order a "regular" drink, my large vodka martini was $5.

We shared the calamari, excellent, the spicy tuna roll, very good, and the potstickers, pretty good.

It's very dark and we had a table with no light above so it was very difficult to read the menu.  My only other complaint was that we had not finished the food but were asked no less than 10 times in about 15 minutes for them to clear our plates.  I know people were waiting for tables but we hadn't finished our drinks yet and were still grazing a bit.  We finally gave in and let them take it away.   Immediately three waiters scooped up everything and wiped off the table.  Get to hell out was the message.
Outstanding in every way. Well-designed, comfortable, a little too dark, maybe, but food and service are excellent. Fine menu. Valet parking. This place will be a regular stop for me.
The hostesses on St. Patrick's Day were rude little girls.  I would not return based on their attitudes seeing as how they were my first impression of the restaurant and how they treat people.  This was my first and last visit.  With so much competition in that area, there are plenty of other places to choose from where I am sure are more welcoming and less snotty.
Truly an exceptional experience. From the Kung Pao Calimari which was perfectly spiced to the Strip au Poivre everything was perfect can't wait to go back again when I'm in Scottsdale
At it's new location, Eddie V's picked up where it left off in DC Ranch in terms of food.  Ahi Tartare is always the choice for an appetizer, followed by some good old fashioned red meat.    The Fish Fans in our crew commented how fresh the sea bass was and how the mild seasoning enhanced the flavor - no shocker there.  The one ding that needs to put out there was service.   The restaurant was quite busy, particularly for a weeknight, but  details were just missed.  It goes without saying that an order of oysters should have an oyster fork with it (Too slimy to be a finger food).  And though I have heard it a million times before, I kind of missed the waiter's warning me to "be careful with the Atomic Horseradish; it's very hot."  Funny, how they never forgot this at the old place.  Finally, our waiter might well have been descended from used car salesmen as he tried to upsell us on almost everything possible.  It detracted from the ambience of a sophisticated evnvironment and a very good meal.  No worries, we'll give Eddie V's another chance to earn that fifth star.
The new 8,800-square-foot Eddie V's at Scottsdale Quarter includes three separate private dining rooms, in addition to the main dining areas, each with its own unique personality.  One room is dramatically situated in a round rotunda, where my partner and I had a wonderfully romantic dinner. Soft live jazz music played softly in the background while we enjoyed a cross section of delightful menu items.

Dinner was truly memorable with a starter of Tuna Tartare. Beautiful sashimi quality tuna was set an top of diced mango then topped with just the slightest amount of sliced chile. The heat was mild and only helped to accentuate the sweetness of the fish and mango. This was followed up by a gorgeous long plate filled with a mix of lightly dusted flash fried calamari, julienne carrots and daikon drizzled with a sweet soy glaze. My entree was on the lighter side but was heavy on flavor. Crab Stuffed Shrimp were excellent; extra large shrimp were grilled then topped with sweet crab meat, panko bread crumbs and a lime finish. I couldn't stop eating there plump crustaceans. I did however stop long enough to try my partners perfectly tender Steak au Poivre.

Dessert was a new take on an old classic, Bananas Foster Cake. As our waiter dumped brandy on top of the cake and set it on fire, even head in the dining room was on us, was quite a sight. The cake was the best finish to a extraordinary evening of food and romance.
I've been to the new place a couple of times now for happy hour.  Love the crab cake and the pot stickers are good too.  A little bit of an older crowd.  Get here by 5 PM to get a seat at the bar.
Good, but not as good as Ocean Club.  The new location is fantastic, and there is nothing to complain about here, but I'd rather dine at Mastro's.
I had dinner here a few months back after Eddie V's first opened.  The place is spectacular on the inside.  The glass enclosed wine room is the centerpiece and is quite beautiful.  No expense was spared on the decor and furniture.  The bar had live jazz music and the dining room was bustling with activity.  We started with the Shellfish Tower which reminded me quite a bit of the Ocean Club Seafood Tower.  I had the Pacific Ahi Tuna as my main course.  It was delicious!  The seafood was top quality and the presentation made it even more special.  The service was good although there were some issues with the availability of wine from the wine list.  The experience was memorable and also expensive for my date.  If you dine here, be prepared to open your wallet.  A nice place to take a date if you want to impress them.
Food, service, and ambiance were impeccable.  The only negative on our visit was the horrific lounge singer who proceeded to butcher multiple Beatles songs to the extent that I'm sure the deceased Beatles (RIP!) were rolling in their graves.  Fortunately he stopped at some point throughout the meal.  Sooooo on that unappetizing note, let's move on to the food...


calamari - unbelievable!  Delicious, tender perfectly cooked and seasoned calamari with a great accompaniment of shallots, asian noodles, carrots, scallions, cashews, and red chiles in a lovely sauce.

halibut cheeks benedict with lobster and Hollandaise - delicious.  perfectly cooked biscuits (says the Southern girl who knows my biscuits), the hollandaise was well-done - not too stiff, not too heavy, and perfectly cooked eggs.  The little side salad with it was just ok.

lobster bisque - delicious.  Not too creamy, lots of lobster flavor goodness, pleasing texture.

asparagus with hollandaise - tender, fresh baby asparagus 

corn - amazingly fresh and flavorful.  It was hard to stop eating it.

bananas foster butter cakes - a bit too sweet for my taste but everyone else loved it.  The butter pecan ice cream was divine.

godiva chocolate cake with vanilla bean ice cream - Oh.My.Goodness.  Were licking the plate not frowned upon (in some places,) I would have.

Whitehaven Sauvignon Blanc - lovely, light, fresh bouquet.  Kim Crawford lovers will enjoy it.  

from the moment you walk in the door, it's all about quick, efficient, professional service.  Everything we had was amazing. Definitely a great place for a special dinner.
We went on mother's day, and the food and service were both fantastic.  They were willing to cater to food allergies, and offer a new gluten free menu.   The food was so great I went back for a business dinner two nights later.  Not cheap - but worth the money!
This lovely establishment is located in the trendy Scottsdale Quarter. They have half off valet - which is great because the parking is awful.
The filets are amazing here, and the Lobster Tacos are a must have. If you like seafood - get the Halibut when its served - you will not be disappointed. 
The staff and service is great. This restaurant had live jazz bands and a nice ambiance. 
Try not to look around too much while at the bar, all of the plastic surgery (typical for Scottsdale) will make you ask the question "What happen to your face?" I have never seen so much Botox, lip plumping, no expressions on your face, fake boobs, fake tans, and awful extensions in all my life. Who are the doctors performing these surgeries? The nose jobs alone will frighten Michael Jackson's surgeon. 
And then of course the guy in the really cute shirt - you wish you could compliment, and can't help but say "Nice shirt, too bad it wasn't in your size"
Officially the most pretentious place in Scottsdale - but the food is so good and consistent - I have to keep coming back.
OMG - I have to agree with a previous poster about this being officially "the most pretentious place in Scottsdale" - and that's saying alot in Scottsdale!!!  Some of the folks in there could pass for puppets or something, definately not human.  Not to mention the serious cougar and manther component!  However none of this can take away from the fact that this is a fabulous restaurant with great food and service.

We went on a Saturday during Happy Hour.  Since we had just come from iPic and were stuffed on popcorn, we decided to sit at the bar and have appetizers.  Service was impeccible and friendly.  I ordered my usual Hendrik's martini which was perfectly prepared, although not the same portion for the price youwould get at Mastro's.  My husband got an excellent strawberry mojito.  For apps we went with the crab cake and the pot stickers.  Crab cake was hands down the best I've ever eaten.  More crab than cake and hugh.  The potstickers were good too although the sauce was a bit too salty.  Other apps we saw go our were the calamari which looked great, the jumbo shorimp cocktail (the only thing that was jumbo in my estimation is the price.  $15 for 4 "extra large" at best shrimp), and the sushi rolls which looked OK but if you want sushi I'd go over to RA across the street.

Overall it was a very good experience and the clientele is entertaining.  I'll definately go back for a full meal on a special occasion.
The food, service and ambiance were all above par, but we had a private party so extra attention was going our way. The service especially was top notch - I'd compare it to Mastro's as far as attentiveness. The ambiance is classy and comfortable - TV in the private room and the bar area. The food (had a pre-determined menu w/a party of 20), was great - surf and turf and not a complaint to be had. Wine list is better than most as well and the desserts were enjoyable as well - creme brulee and chocolate mousse cake had people collectivley saying "mmmmm". 

The people watching alone at the bar (they have a great happy hour - check out thier website) was worth the price of admission. People w/way too much money and time who can sit there and drink and eat enough to easily throw down $100 per person just cause its a Tuesday - remarkable! The restrooms have that peek-a-boo thing going between the mens and ladies rooms - adding an extra conversation piece when you get back to your table. 

I'd say its a solid go-to for a nicer than normal dinner out in the swank hood of Scottsdale. I'd go again for the happy hour for sure.
Filet - Awesome.  Cooked perfectly.  Maybe even better than Mastro's
Caesar Salad - Nothing special.  Mambo salad at Mastro's is much better.
Truffled Macaroni and Cheese - Awesome.
Godiva cake - It was luke warm by the time it was served.  

Great place to people watch.  Way too much plastic surgery, exotic cars and skimpy clothing.  Scottsdale at its finest.

Go for the food, stay for the free Cougar show!
Great happy hour the lobster tacos are amazing.
Sat at the bar with a friend, enjoyed good service but not so memorable steak.....the special 16oz bone in rib eye was mostly bone....could be a sign of the times in mid-week ghost town Scottsdale.
I have to revamp my review of this lovely establishment. This restaurant has blown me away with the best service and food I could possibly ask for. That is really saying a lot because I am pretty demanding at times. 

Lets start with Steve - the most amazing bartender I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He always puts a huge smile on my face and goes far above and beyond to make my experience at Eddie V's perfect. He always knows what I like to drink, makes my martini's perfect every time and when my beverage gets a little warm - he changes my glass - OMG I love him! 
You know when you just finished eating and your beverage has been untouched while you eat - and the second I go to drink it again - Steve is swapping glasses for a cold one. 
In addition, the management actually ordered Creme de Violet for me because I love it w/Hendricks Gin. I feel overwhelmed with love. 

Moving on to the fares - WOW! Best filet I have EVER had - and I have had a few. The cut is always perfect, the temperature is always perfect and they sear the outside until crisp - whoa baby!
The simplest dish - roasted corn - tastes like heaven too. Who would think corn could be so sweet and crisp? They rock it. 
Lobster tacos - need I say more? I think not!! Amazing!

I really hope this place stays in business forever and I will eat here as long as I can. This is a jewel in the city of Scottsdale where most restaurants don't care if you are happy. 

Keep up the good work Eddie V's.
The atmosphere is dark and sexy and the service was on par with my expectations. I ordered filet mignon w/ congnac sauce. My friend ordered bone-in rib eye. We shared the sauteed corn and a side of roasted brussel sprouts. Everything was delicious...I will definitely return again soon.
This Eddie V's migrated south from DC Ranch to the Scottsdale Quarter in February 2011.  They hit it out of the park in terms of layout, atmosphere, and energy.  Love the deep and dark wood combined with glass and soft lighting.  The bartop is a beautiful rich walnut.  It's the type of place you'd like to sit at for hours. 

Really like that there is a Happy Hour every day of the week.  Had two incredible Happy Hour appetizers: Lobster Tacos and Tuna Tartare.  The tacos each had the meat from one large claw, and were incredible.  Likewise with the Tartare, ample portion of high-quality tuna with avocado and mini grapefruit slices.  Very, very tasty.  

Service was great. Michelle took care of us at the bar and was incredibly friendly, timely, and engaging.  She made our experience all the more enjoyable, and she's reason enough to return.  

Looking forward to returning for a full dinner!
Three hours flew by last night at Eddy's.  Don't believe time is relative?  Compare three hours here to almost anywhere else.   

The Good:  Crab Cake appetizer (wow), the wine list, haddock entree, stuffed shrimp, Godiva dessert, and the blueberry cobbler.  All simply perfect.

The Bad:  We were there for three hours and it felt like 45 minutes.  So, clearly time speeds up in some sort of cosmic time-space twist, while eating at Eddie's.  I'm thinking this means one ages faster (bad).  However, this has not been independently verified. ;)

Last, I have to say something about the service.  Sometimes, when eating at higher-end establishments, the service is almost "too servicing."  "Yes, sir, no sir, let me wipe your mouth sir, I can't talk to you like I'm a human, sir, it's against the rules."  Not so, here.  Very professional and knowledgable service, yet friendly and fun.  We even got surprised with a free dessert for being a "fun table!"  (And no, she didn't know I'd be Yelping.  Or, maybe she did.  Who cares!  Same result!)  

Oh, I have to mention ambiance and dining room design....dark, moody, romantic.  Great place for a date....
A couple nights ago I went to Eddie V's for my brother's birthday. (A Thursday) He raves about this place yet I always remember the other location being just ok. Anyway, the atmosphere of the new location is nice. About what you would expect...dark and cozy, however....the bathrooms are well...creepy? There are no doors on the mens or women's bathrooms. Women can walk right by the mens bathroom and see everything. They are more like big open rooms with a sink on one side. It was eerily silent with off putting lighting. You almost feel like you're in a creepy, dank hotel lobby. I couldn't wait to get out of there and back to my table. Oh and ladies, FYI...we can hear EVERYTHING you are saying. The two bathrooms share one large space.

Ok so let's get on to the meal. Before I came to Eddie's, I checked out the yelp reviews like I always do before I go to a new restaurant and made sure to try the crab cake. And let me tell you, everyone is correct. It's DELICIOUS. I just about licked the plate clean...and i'm not even a big seafood fan. Now, on to the main course. The whole reason my brother wanted to come to Eddie's was for an amazing steak. So both he and I ordered steak. He got the special which was a bone in filet mignon and I ordered the bone out filet mignon. We like our steaks cooked medium, pink all the way thru with no red. We always ask the server, regardless of where we go, what their version of medium is. He told us that their medium would be to our liking so we trusted that an excellent steakhouse would get it right......NOPE. Both $35+ steaks came out medium rare to RARE. My filet had ribbons of fat throughout the whole thing. Horrible cut of meat. I've had better cuts of meat at Outback. ZING! Everyone knows that when you order a steak and it's not cooked properly that it just ruins your meal. By the time they re-cook the SAME piece of meat its a charred burnt crisp. I decided to just eat mine but my brother sent it back and they STILL didn't get it right. Oh, on a side note, If you DO have a problem with your meat, the manager will come over with a light BLUE LED flashlight and inspect it like a medical autopsy. I mean come on...it made the meat look purple. GROSS. As far as my poor cut of meat...the manager could only say "we use the best cuts of meat" really? 

Our waiter was nice, my only gripe about the service was that our plates were taken away from us from the bus boy without being asked if we were done yet. BIG NO NO. 

In conclusion, The manager took the birthday boy's steak off the check. There was no special treatment for the occasion. I read in one review that someone got a birthday card signed by all the staff. That never happened. I gave Eddie's two stars instead of one only because of the crab cake. I will never come back here for steak. I suggest sticking with the seafood items.

UPDATE:

We received a credit to come back, hoping they could cook a filet correctly. THEY DID IT AGAIN! The can not properly cook a piece of meat. End of story. 1 star now.
WOW! I mean wow, that's about as a good as you can get with fresh seafood.  Put it this way, it was so good I had to create a yelp account just to brag about it!  
My fiancé and I have been to just about every seafood fine dining spot in scottsdale, (mastros, ocean club, papadeauxs, salt cellar, etc.) this takes the cake by far.  Service was great, management was super friendly, food was outstanding! Lobster was the best my fiancé has ever had and my scallops were top notch (I actually let Eric, our waiter, pick my entrée and he couldn't of been more right) Oh yeah, don't forget about the drinks, blue cheese dirty martini absolutely perfect. 10s ACROSS THE BOARD!!!
Went for Happy Hour on a Friday evening and it was wonderful.  Rather crowded around 5:30 though this is to be expected and it is wonderful to see a restaurant so crowded.

Very nice ambiance, friendly and helpful wait staff (even when I did my best to get a recipe out of them to no avail this was all taken in stride so I figure they must hear this quite a bit) and the food?  Delicious!

I can't say that I have had a Crab Cake appetizer with so much crab meat in it and without excessive breading and just the right blend of spices to make each bite sing.  The sauce was a perfect balance to the Crab Cake itself.

The calamari appetizer was delicious, everything was fresh and again so balanced.  A delight.

Very nice wine list, I played it safe and went with the Kim Crawford.

I would *definitely* go back!

There truly did seem to be some kind of a time warp going on in there though because time just flew by though I personally didn't mind one bit.  I highly recommend Eddie V's!
Came in last night and ordered the $9 glass of "The Crusher" Pinot Noir. It was gummy and spoiled tasting - like it was from a 3-day opened bottle. She kindly hurried me out a replacement Pinot at a $12/glass price point (I forget the name - "Glos" something), and still wasn't impressed, though at least it wasn't terrible. They removed any wine charge from my bill, which was a classy move. 

For food I ordered the shaved steak tartare with crostini, which was very good. It went well with the pinot. The ambiance is relaxed-upscale and elegant. Good place to impress your date. I haven't done the dinner for 2 thing here yet, so my assessment probably isn't fully informed.  I'll be back and update my review someday, I'm sure.
I'm not sure if Eddie V.'s is owned by a man destined for his adult life to live in the shadow of the eponymous musician or a marketer unafraid of lawsuits seeking to capitulate on the automatic association with the aforementioned, but I am sure it's a steak and seafood house hoping to use Asian influences as the secret weapon against Morton's, Capital Grille and several other nearby clones/competitors. (I'm surprised this didn't disqualify it from parental selection, but I realize that the undertones are largely dismissable if one does not latch onto them in the hope of eating something with a flavor that isn't salt.)

Ornate but still permitting casual as few feel like dapper gentlemen and ladies on top of the world in 110+ degree heat, the decor is typical for its class and affable, straightforward service meets the expectations set by the price tag. I'd like to be writing a review of the more adventurous-sounding options here, but while I would feel more comfortable with "Hong Kong style" steamed fish not being "mildly inspired by a Western interpretation of Hong Kong" in a Chinatown, the presence of sushi conclusively made me averse to it. The following made the C. family cut:

- Jumbo Gulf Shrimp ($14): Nothing colossal or unusual about the cocktail. 
- Hawaiian Yellowtail Sashimi ($15): A texture and flavor hit but tiny for the price.
- Pacific Ahi Tuna ($29): A strong, soft high note, as was the accompanying fruit, vegetable and nut salad.
- 12oz Filet ($40): Appropriately tender but disappointingly over-salted in the kitchen.
- Sauteed Spinach ($5): Would've been better without the shameful pool of oil.
- P-R Fries ($5): A massive, cheesy half-order that only truffle could have improved.
- Blackberry Cobbler: Overpoweringly sweet. (Asian moderation was needed here.)
- Molten Godiva Cake: Barely one stop short of chocolate overload but still too sweet.

For the contending class defined by its price range, Eddie V.'s offerings are a set of great ideas which unfortunately fall short in the execution even if it feels like not for a lack of trying. This restaurant relocated relatively recently and I'm unclear if they lost the magic or are experimenting trying to obtain some but for now I'd approach it with somewhere between cautious optimism and proactively limited expectations. That said, if it weathers the storm of increasing density of the formula in a few block radius, I'd try it again.
I went to Eddie V's for happy hour on Saturday night and loved the vibe. Talk about people watching! It was a very interesting and entertaining crowd.

I sat at the bar (which has the best views) and enjoyed the amazing calamari (best ever) and the beef carpacchio. Those two apps were plenty to tide over my husband and I and we enjoyed a couple of cocktails as well. 

I must admit, it was a pricey happy hour, but if you're looking for an upscale place that feels comfortable. I'd definitely recommend!
This is our first time visiting the new location. We took my Mom for her birthday. The hostess gave her a birthday card signed by some of the staff which was very nice. We took advantage of restaurant week and each ordered our appetizers.  Mine and my Mom's came out first, yet my husbands took forever. I was already done with mine by the time his came out and the waitress didn't even apologize. That was disappointing. The rest of our meal was good- not amazing, but good. The desserts were AMAZING though- SO good! We had the chocolate lava cake, the banana foster and the creme brulee.  They were huge portions.  
I have to mention that the bathrooms were also pretty cool.  Gotta check them out. 
All in all, the best thing about our dining experience was the dessert and the restrooms.  Not sure that's worth a hefty bill, but might be worth revisiting for happy hour.
I don't  want this review to discourage you from going; I want it to make you aware they may have significant kitchen issues when it comes to the cooked food.  I really like the feel of the place; have eaten there twice.  Highly recommend sitting at the bar and eating the sushi/seafood.  Here's where the problem came from:  after Sushi (which was fabulous), we decided to try main courses.  We ordered a prime new york strip (they were out of prime filets) with the crab & asparagus topping (approx. $55 - not cheap, but worth it if the kitchen knows how to make it), along with the fried oysters as recommended by the bartender.  Sounds like a truly decadent meal, right?  WRONG!!!!!!  The Medium-Rare Steak, not only came out fully cooked, but even worse, came out as what I call "baked steak" - slowly cooked.  I couldn't believe it.  So, if you want a prime steak, personally, I would go to a restaurant that is good at making them, such as Flemings or Mortons or Maestros.  If you still decide to go here & want to have steak, be warned.  Also, they forgot to deliver our fried oysters and when I asked how much longer for the oysters, they suddenly appeared, completely cold.  So, we had a very very disappointing meal.  However, I would still definitely go back to sit at the bar and have sushi.
Just finished a fabulous dinner there.  My wife had the seafood (halibut) and it was simple yet delicious.  I had the NY Strip steak and it also was served simply and quite tasty.

We had 2 appetizers, lump crab cake and kung pow calamari.  The crab cake was just that - a small cake made entirely from crab.  Like it's supposed to be. No filler there.
The calamari was served in a bed of asian fixings. Sprouts, peanuts, carrot slivers, etc.  Once you were able to pick out the calamari it was a spicy treat.

2 things to take away from here.  The kung pow calamari appetizer was really a very busy dish.
The NY Strip steak was THICK.  I was raised on my thinner cuts I guess but be prepared.  It looks like everything that's ordered there is well portioned.
Thumbs up!
Dinner for 2, 2 drinks 2 appetizers, 2 main dishes, 2 desserts.  $200 with tip.
AMAZING. Everything we had was the best we have eaten; sushi, crab cakes, oysters!  It's a MUST if near the Scottsdale Quarter!  We chose to eat there 2 nights in a row, once for a reserved dinner and the other for the happy hour.
The new restaurant is first rate - gorgeous interior, great service, great food.  Very busy, great atmosphere.
Great restaurant. Food was fantastic. The crab cake is a MUST. The special of raw scallops were so good! Service was perfect. 
The band playing Saturday night was really good ! 
We live closer to Wild Fish so we probably won't drive up to Scottsdale Quarter but I would recommend trying either when you can.
i brought some visiting guests here for dinner one night to celebrate an early new year.

they are visitors from OC, so i knew it would be difficult to impress them... but with eddie v's, i was successful!

this place has great live music, a fantastic menu, impeccable service, and an overall fun and classy ambience.

we will be dining here again. i recommend trying the chilean sea bass, hong kong style and the truffle mac and cheese.

this is a phenomenal restaurant -- do yourself a favor and dine here!
Really Wonderful restaurant!!! We had such a great meal here for a nice occasion. The Lobster Tacos appetizers were out of this world!!! The restaurant has  a really nice atmosphere, very intimate and beautiful inside. It was a fabulous dinner... I wish I had ordered the Lobster Tacos as a main course!!! I have to say it again, best lobster tacos EVER!!
Ok I would say 3.5/5
My bf liked this restaurant more than I did. I know I know I am a vegetarian so I should not even be rating a seafood restaurant but I will anyways ;)
We sat in the lounge on Saturday night and there was a live band playing. It was nice. But the surrounding was kinda meh - not a lot of younger people (like Mastros or Dominicks), more older crowd. 
We ordered the Heirloom Tomato Greek Salad as a large side to split for our appz - SUPER good! And they split it into 2 plates which we loved. My bfs Greek and he said this was def authentic! I like how you are able to choose a small or large side ($5 or $8) however one major thing I didn't like is that there were no sauteed mushrooms :( I know it's not a steakhouse but commmon! We tried the Sautéed Spinach with Parmigiano-Reggiano and the Steamed Asparagus with Hollandaise. Spinach was meh but asparagus was good! I got the 16 vegetable salad (Xeres Vinaigretttte and Goat Cheese Fondant) $13 .. ok this was TINY but there was def 16 types of veggies in it but that was it. It was good otherwise. My bf got the Louisiana Red Fish (Sautéed withth Fresh Lump Crab, Meunière Style) $27 . It was really big and he said he liked it but too heavy on the sauce. Overall the place was nice, if you're into seafood&older crowd this is the place to be
Good.  Actually, the steak was better here than I've had at Mortons.  Lounge music was kind of pain in the ass.
One of the best seafood restaurants I've eaten at... Only critique I think is maybe the service was a little all over the place but still good!
I was visiting Scottsdale from Chicago and wanted to get some good food.  

Had the ribeye hear and everything was fantastic.  The steak was cooked perfectly and the creamed spinach was very flavorful.

The service was also excellent and they had good wine recommendations.

Definitely lived up to the 5 star rating.
I'm not sure what the 'V' stands for, but I think it means Eddie V's off course, a little more often than not. At least that's sums up all my experiences.

I've been here three times, hoping at least one them would have supported what my fellow D.C. Ranchers are always spouting-off about this place. 
I've concluded that perhaps in their drug-addled youth, they got a hold of some bad LSD, predisposing them to the belief that if something costs an assload, it must be good.

A ridiculously small lunch portion of halibut forced a visit to the nearby candy store,'Sugar', where I loaded up on my childhood faves, got a sugar rush that made my heart palpitate, and got into a fight with my wife for not sharing my Charleston Chew with her.

I was hungry. 
And Eddie V's made me hungry.
But he won't do it again.
Because I know something he doesn't.
Thrice bitten, followed by a sugaring of near fatal proportions, four times shy,
ok Go to the Dallas store ALL the time but Erin made me feel more at home than Ian usually does.....  Sorry Ian.  Food is what I expect for Eddie V's.  Menu is a bit different and still excellent.  Will definitely go to this location again when next n Phoenix!
Beautiful restaurant.  Excellent food. Great service!
Great groceries and fantastic service, keep it up.
Miss Eddie V's being at DC Ranch .. it was closer to home.  Anyway, the new digs at Scottsdale Quarter are worth the drive.  The food and atmosphere are still excellent! 
Had some raw oysters, shrimp and the Point Judith Calamari to start.  The calamari was very tasty and I could have had to entire order myself as an entree.  Had the scallops which were heavenly!  My companions also seemed to enjoy all of their entrees as well. My husband and I love Mastro's for steaks.  He had the bone-in rib eye and said it was just as good, if not better than Mastro's.  Docking them a star because the server tried to push the extras, especially the seafood tower when we ordered appetizers.  Otherwise,we love this place.
Stopped in on a late Saturday afternoon for happy hour and sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef was incredibly nice and kept making us samples of stuff. We ordered oysters and lump crab with avocado. Both dishes were great, especially the oysters and I'm usually not an oyster fan. The place is very upscale but no one made us feel uncomfortable in jeans and tees. I'll be going back for sure.
Had a very great dining experience here on Saturday night with a friend. Our waiter was overly friendly and informational. 

As far as the resturant - I don't want to sound like my dad, but the live music was a little loud.  Additionally it seemed like everyone in Scottsdale was celebrating a birthday on Saturday night.

With regards to the food - order the crab cakes - I thought Maryland had great crab cakes until I ate at Eddie V's - simply amazing.  Although not on the online menu I would highly recommend the Swordfish served with diced tomatoes, onions and avacado in a vinegar sauce.  

Overall a great dining experience. Would highly recommend.
Well, it was nice to finally try the new location after we've moved away. A little tricky getting into the center, parking or valet otherwise. Once in, we were able to go to the bar and grab a seat. Seems pretty typical like that last DC Ranch location...there was live music and of course attractive people. Good people watching. I would have to agree with Brent K about the music being a little loud. But whatevs. Drinks and apps were good. Next time we are in, we will have the entrees we miss...the filet and parmesan sole.
We ate here last night to celebrate our 16th anniversary.  I used open table to set up the reservation and also ordered flowers through FlowerPetal.  Eddie V's set up the roses and made a rose petal heart around the vase.  :)

We both had the filet mignon which were cooked perfectly to medium rare.  

Our waiter, Brian, was attentive, helpful and professional.  He helped suggest a wine that suited both of us perfectly.

Get the banana Foster butter cake.  OMG it was AWESOME.  Dude.

The manager also stopped by our table and wished us a happy anniversary and stayed and chatted for a few minutes.

Every time we've been to Eddie V's we've been treated like VIPs.  We love it!
Eddie V's is probably the best  steak and seafood restaurant in Scottsdale. 

Good wine list.
Amazing oysters.
Great sushi rolls.
They can cook a steak.
The side veggies are good too.

The decor and furniture are very classy.  Bring a date here if  you want to impress.

The band is awesome.  They are a talented trio.  Go Rebecca!

Check it out.  Eddie V's is at the North East corner of the Scottsdale Quarter.
Maybe even a 5.

We had the seafood tower which was priced in the area between $65 and $70.  That may sound like a lot for an appetizer, but it had 8 oysters, 8 shrimp, a bunch of lump crab and about a 1 1/2 pound lobster.  For that much stuff...heck of a value.

Not that we had a lot of room left over, but we ordered more.  12 oz filet...very good, although it had to go back to the kitchen twice to get it cooked to my order.  Brussel sprouts...a little bitter but still good.  Crab fired rice...OMFG!!!  Real good.  Had the butter cake foster.  Very good, but I could have done without the 151 flambe.

Notwithstanding my minor issues above, still very good overall.  Pricey place to eat but overall worth it.

FWIW, the music wasn't a pain in the ass this time.
Sat at bar after walking out of tru food due to crappy service, great service by Arianna. Had the halibut it was perfect! Wines by the glass a little weak
A little pricey but worth it
This place is a bit stuffy. It's nice and all, but let me put it this way- this place is very age specific (like most of Scottsdale I suppose). You will have a lot of people in their late forties and up here- not that there's anything wrong with that.

I like some of the food,especially the tuna tartare, but they do some sort of sushi-American fusion roll that really sucks. I complain because it is one of the most expensive small plates on the menu and the number one thing the bartenders recommend (more on the bartenders... ahem...  'recommendations' later). So this roll consists mainly of lobster and high quality beef but then they go and ruin it by smothering the 2 indulgent ingredients in a sauce that overwhelms the entire plate, and the sushi rice is gross and kind of mealy. 

That roll pisses me off. It needs editing, but I guess it reminds me of some of the unedited clientele I see at Eddie V's as well- like the bleached platinum blond girl with a hair piece, fake eyelashes, dark navy eye shadow, oompa loompa tan, injected lips, caked on makeup, fake boobs, fake claws, wearing a skin tight designer t-shirt along with a thousand dollar handbag and $400  jeans to coordinate with her stripper shoes and abundantly accessorized sterling silver Tiffany's jewelry that sat by me last visit. I mean each element of her style probably works on its own, but all together it looks like a Vogue magazine threw up on her. That's sort of what the roll was for me. (BTW, she ordered the same thing- the roll- and liked it, so what's that tell you?)

Now, for my big gripe. I can describe the type of wine I like quite well. I will ask for something that tastes a certain way and immediately every bartender- no matter what description I give- will direct me to the 2 most expensive wines by the glass (around $25 a glass) on the menu. Price does not equal quality and I find it offensive when I taste the $25 glass of  wine and it in no way mirrors what I was asking for. I feel like they are just trying to up-sell me without considering my taste. I get it. I work in sales too, but I think it's more important to give the customer what they want rather than try to push them into spending more money. Also, if I don't choose the most expensive wines, they kind of shrug their shoulders as if implying that all the other wines on the menu suck. I'm of the thinking that nothing on the menu should suck or not be worth suggesting in one way or another, so for that they get 2 stars. I have a feeling it's the staff more than the menu that is the problem.
Wow. My wife and I are diehard foodies. We now wish everyday was an Eddie V's day. This place was awesome. It exceeded every expectation. We used to go to Ocean Club weekly but we have converted to Eddie V's. they don't pack you in like sardines as OC does. Service is better. Food is as good if not better. The bar is unbelievably comfortable and the live music is some of the best I've heard. Do yourself a favor and drop OC and come over to Eddie. The Banana Foster is a gift from the food gods.
The very best lemon sole....ever!  Maybe the best fish I have ever had.  Just delicious!!  Bread was excellent.  Didn't care for the scallops. Service and entertainment was great. Chocholate martini was super.  Blackberry cobbler had a good flavor, but the crust was not the best.
Took my parents here for heir last night's dinner in Arizona and wanted them to have a good time, well, i didn't think it was the right choice.

Upon arrival, the restaurant called me to confirm my reservation i made through Opentable.com, which was very nice, and I specifically asked to be seated at a table that's quiet and has less traffic going through. As soon as we entered the restaurant, the loud music and open bar gave us a bit of shock, had only I know the atmosphere was like this, we would have gone somewhere else... at 6:30pm, this place was packed, again, not as I expected. We were taken to a bit of inner area of the restaurant, it was far enough to avoid the bar crowd, still the loud live music could not be ignored. Overall the restaurant is very dark, not sure what they were trying to have for this kind of moment, can't be romantic or cozy, simply because the music is way too loud. Decor is just, let's say, interesting...

Our server was very nice, he offered us some water and warm bread immediately, and went us through the specials for the night. Both my parents liked the bread a lot so we asked for a second after placing our appetizer order. The bread came out very quickly, nice and warm outside, after splitting a piece, we found out it was ice cold inside, I'm not even joking, it was like ice in the middle, I was immediately turned down, WTF?? Did my bread just came out of the freezer and went through the microwave before arriving to my table?? It was very unpleasant... it's okay if you don't have them in-house made, but don't fake it like you did and try to serve it nice and warm when you failed to defrost the middle,  such a disappointment.

Our shrimp cocktail came right after placing the dinner order. Yes, they were some nice and big shrimps, but there were only four of them, yes, I paid $14 to have FOUR shrimps, I admitted they were tasty, but really? The entrees come out pretty fast and they were all very good, thank god the food was good. We had the Scallops, Chilean Sea Bass and the Lobster tail along with some steamed asparagus. All the dishes had some very nice presentations, and all very tasty, especially loved the scallops with the hint of almonds and citrus fruit (grapefruit and orange), the slightly bitter taste of the grapefruit was such a good complement to the rich scallops. 

We came out feeling very good about the food (minus the bread), but not so much about the restaurant itself. Like I said, had I know the atmosphere, I'd go to Ruth Chris. I can't really tell what kind of occasion would make me come back for more, it's so dark and so loud that it doesn't seem to fit for any, well, at least not for me...

Overall, entrees are a 4-star rating, definitely not the bread (maybe because it was free??). Decent service. Interesting crowds. And I do not like how dark it is, way too dark... so yeah, not a family gathering kind of place, no romantic cells, no classy, not trendy, upscale (?), huge selection of wine, oh right, expense accounts, anyone?
Uncle Eddie...Uncle Eddie. I love Uncle Eddie. This place ozzes class and sophistication. The dim lit ambiance and great live jazz being played made for a great eating experience. I ordered the prime rib and this was delicious! Being from Seattle it didn't make sense to order seafood. I mean come on.. the seafood can't be as fresh as Seattle. But I digress... come here. This place rocks.
LOVE LOVE LOVE X 1000.  This place lived up to all of our expectations and recommendations and I only wish I would have checked it out sooner.  We went on a crowded Saturday night with some friends and made sure to have reservations.  The staff was beyond nice and so friendly and the place was bananas packed.  

The food was superb.  I mean, seriously great.  I ordered the Scallops with a light brown sugar sauce and asaparagus on the side.  The Bf ordered the 8oz filet mignon and the twice baked potato side.  We each ordered 2 drinks a piece, which, I have to say Eddie V's makes a damn good dirty martini and their blue cheese stuffed olives are to DIE for.  

Then dessert...oh sweet sweet dessert.  The bananas' foster was undeniabley the best dessert I have ever had.  It comes out flaming and the ice cream (we got vanilla, I detest butter pecan ice cream) was perfect to the warm goo-ey-ness of the cake which was a little carmel like...there are no words to explain how amazing this dessert was.

All in all with 4 drinks, an app, 2 meals, 2 accompaniements and dessert with tip for under $200..yhis place is a no brainer.
My husband and I look forward to the end of the week when we can relax and enjoy an amazing meal. Whenever we don't want to take a chance on a new restaurant dining experience, for fear of being let down, we head to where we know the food is awesome, the service is exceptional, the atmosphere is beautiful and the desert is perfect. Eddie V's never, ever disappoints!  We absolutely love, love, love Eddie V's!
My father in law took us to this wonderful place when we were visiting him and it made such a great impression on us that we decided to have our rehersal diner here! (We had destination wedding.) The food is fantastic and the ambiance is classy but not stuffy. We felt very comfortable and taken care of here. When organizing our rehersal dinner, the communication to and from the restaurant was prompt and detailed. They printed special menu for us with our names on the top - it was a nice touch and great addition to our wedding scrapbook. We are looking forward coming here again whenever we are back in Arizona.
We had my grandparent's wedding anniversary dinner at Eddie V's.  Our server, Rocco was awesome!  He was super attentive and friendly, and definitely made the meal even better.  

The entrees were all delicious, and for the quality, the prices seemed reasonable.

I will definitely go back again.  EXCELLENT experience!
So - back to Eddie V's on a "leisurely" Wednesday night.... only to have the most AMAZING experience yet!  

In the V lounge, where the live music is at, the vibe and energy was off the charts.  They had a trio - Al Ortiz - and he was phenomenal.  I found out he plays with Stevie Nicks for 20 years or so.  That's some impressive talent and it was so much fun.  

I tell you, there just isn't anyplace like Eddie Vs for the entertainment and cuisine.  Not exactly a 'hidden gem' - but I was shocked the lounge wasn't packed to capacity with such talent on stage.  All the better for me until the word gets out, I suppose.
Went to Eddie V's for the first time. EXCELLENT! The service, ambiance, decor and food were each first-rate. I highly recommend Eddy V's when on a date with that special someone, special occasions, and impressing friends and relatives from out of town. It must be experienced to be appreciated.
bartenders rock.the best espresso martini anywhere!! the calamari is awesome.the atmosphere is romantic and the jazz band is great.we will be back again and again.
When I made our reservation, I jokingly added a note that my wife and I were celebrating our 16.5 wedding anniversary.  Eddie V's, though, took it seriously and pulled out all the stops - rose petals on our table, signed Happy Anniversary card, and free dessert.  I mentioned several times that it wasn't really our anniversary, but they would hear nothing about that!  LOVED IT!  We will be going back as often as we can!
My husband and I ate here last weekend for a special night out, but I was let down. 

It usually really bothers me when people complain about the service at nice places not being immaculate because no one's perfect. I generally avoid such complaints and focus on the food. This is going to be an exception to the rule. 

It all started with the BUG in my husband's water! A dead floating little bug! I expect better at a place like this on a nice night out. When we told the waiter, he simply whisked the glass away, softly stating he'd bring him right out a new glass. No apologies, no acknowledgement that anything was out of the ordinary... is this how nice places handle mistakes of this nature? Just fix it and don't dwell? I can appreciate a quick fix of such a disturbing issue, but we were put off by how it was handled. On top of it, we definitely felt neglected from that point forward. The waiter for the tables around us spent time with his tables going over the options in a friendly manner... Maybe after the bug he figured he wasn't going to be able to recover a good tip so why bother with us? It was very awkward. 

Overall, the food was pretty good. The tuna tartare was OK, but not amazing. I had the Nantucket Bay scallop special feature in part because the combination mentioned on the website's menu page intrigued me - scallops, brown butter, almonds and grapes with chives. What they actually brought out had tomatoes instead of grapes and no chives. It was still quite tasty, but left me feeling a bit deceived and wondering what I was missing. We also got the crab fried rice everyone raves about here, but it was shocked at how spicy it was when it said nothing about this on the menu. It was OK, but  I couldn't taste the crab at all because of the spice, which was disappointing because I love crab. Also, the Asian flavors were out of place in combination with my meal, and I had wished the waiter would have counseled us on our choices a bit more. My husband got the steak au poivre that we loved at Wildfish. I wasn't impressed this time, but he still enjoyed it. The bananas foster dessert was spectacular though - don't miss it!

After these issues, this place will not be on my list of places to return, which is a shame because I work 1 minute away. :-(
Reservation for 5 to celebrate my 50th Birthday . We sat toward the back of the restaurant, less noisy. Our server, Rick, 1st off asked if I was the guest of honor and then wished me a Happy Birthday and from then on... food, service, atmosphere were all 5 stars. Appetizer's: Market Oysters, Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, Maine Lobster & Shrimp Bisque, all excellent. Entrees: North Altantic Lemon Sole, Chilean Sea Bass, & the 8oz Fillet Mignon, all excellent. Sides: Chive French Fries, Crab Fried Rice & Mac & Cheese were very good. We ended the evening with coffees a wonderful Birthday Chocolate Cake with Ice Cream (complimentary). Not 1 Single complaint.
This was my first visit to Eddie V's and our party of four was not disappointed...in fact we were very impressed!  Our server Rocco gave us impeccable attention - and just the right amount of it. We had a spicy tuna roll and Yellowtail sashimi as appetizers - both we're delicious and beautiful. We all ordered a surf & turf combo with a lobster tail and a steak choice. I chose the 8 oz filet and my companions all chose the 16 oz New York strip. The beef was flavorful, tender, and perfectly grilled. Clearly their claims of steaks aged 28 days are true - these we're exceptional steaks. The lobster tail was nicely prepared table side and attractively plated and served with our steaks. The soulful tunes from the trio in the lounge added just the right vibe to match the modern interior ambiance and five-star food.  It was a marvelous evening of dining and I can't wait to return!
Love this restaurant! The food, drinks and atmosphere are excellent!
Everything was very good.  The ambiance, the service and especially the food.  The crab cake appetizer was delicious!  So was the filet mignon, the lobster and the chocolate Godiva lava cake.  Will definitely be going back!
Went there for a business dinner. All of the meals were great, good wine list. The bananas foster dessert was amazing.
BEST RESTAURANT EVER!!! - I have written other reviews for this lovely establishment, and sometimes, after a series of amazing meals and cocktails here, I feel like I need to write something new.  If you live in AZ, or visit AZ, if you do not try this wonderful restaurant, you are missing out on the finest dining experience I have ever had.  To some, that may not seem like a bold statement, however, I travel and dine at a lot of restaurants.  I have experienced some of the finest restaurants and cuisine in the world, and Eddie V's has raised the bar so high, there are only a handful of places that you can compare them to.  

Typically I dine in the V Lounge, and on weekends, this bar is so busy, people are standing three deep drinking and enjoying the music and atmosphere.  The service at the bar has recently exceeded even my expectations.  I am sure finding good bartenders is a tedious task, but currently they have "nailed it".  Eddie V's has always had a couple of strong bartenders, but they currently have three really strong, amazing bartenders, and one fantastic bar back.  Together they do not miss a beat.  No matter how busy they get, they are all fun, personable and provide excellent service.  

Eddie V's latest addition to the bar staff, was a shock to me, but has proven himself to be a stellar performer.  When I first met him, I was skeptical, as I am typically accustomed to Steve making my perfect cocktail.  The day I met this new bartender, whose name is Mike, I had a really rough day, and did not feel like training someone to craft my beverage.  Much to my apprehension, Mike crafted a perfect beverage.  I later learned, he was actually a paramedic by profession, and during the particular visit, I had a headache.  Mike asked if he could show me something to relieve it, again skeptical, but intrigued.  Mike came around, held a few pressure points in my poor aching head, and about 2 minutes later, headache was gone.  In addition to perfect cocktails and perfect food, I was given the opportunity to meet someone that I hope will remain with Eddie V's for years to come.  I believe he truly is an asset to this team. 

I have entertained multiple vendors, friends and employees in the V Bar, and Mike makes everyone of them feel like a "regular" customer.  Mike is always happy, always smiling, always fun and never seems to get stressed or bothered by anything around him, and I always leave feeling like I am the most important person in the world.  Mike just has an innate ability to transfer his amazing, positive energy to the entire room. 

If you have never had the pleasure of having a bartender that you immediately feel like they are your friend, then please stop and meet Mike. He would love to welcome you!
We sat at the bar for an hour and enjoyed the ambience.  The four of us were seated and we ordered appetizers of fresh oysters and crab cakes.  There was no filler in the cake, only pulled crab.  The oysters were fresh.  We ordered sea bass, sword fish, ribeye with bone, and the sides were warm baby beets, truffle mac n cheese, double baked potatoes and asparagus. We ordered a great bottle of wine and than we had the bananas foster for desert.  The service was spot on.  A great dining experience.
One word: Crab Cake.

I know this is a corporate type cookie cutter restaurant, but it is hard to deny the pimp that is Eddie V's.

First of all, they have live music and hire good musicians. I know, cause I've played here. A particularly great night to come is Sunday, as "The New Wrecking Crew" throws down some out jazzy noises, but everyone playing there is legit.

Second, everything I've eaten there is top notch. 
Maine Lobster Tacos... oh yeah.
Truffle mac and chac is banging.
Steak carpaccio is killing it.
I haven't even touched on an entree' yet.

They have a sushi bar too.

The one thing that pushed this joint over the edge for me is the crab cake.
This is the most glorious crab cake you will get in AZ.  Crabby as hell with just enough other stuff to hold it together.  The crab is fresh and high grade.  Man it tastes so good, I'm about ready to go get one now.

Did I mention they have Duvel?  That's right if you're going to have a limited selection of beer, go for the gusto.

The service here is great and the management is incredibly nice... I don't think I've worked as a musician at a restaurant that has nicer management.

This place is expensive, but it's definitely well worth it.
Friday night late reservations - sat at the bar instead. Considerate service, incredible food. My crab cake was pure Maryland style, lots of crab, not much filler. Husband had the Kung Pao calamari - spicy, just hot enough and tender calamari. Dinner was Parmesan crusted lemon sole for me and sea fresh scallops for Husband. We also ordered a side of roasted beets. Both dishes were wonderful, and the scallops were moist and sweet and BIG. We took home doggy bags as it was way too much food. They do offer half portions and we will take advantage of that option at next visit. I think we have a new favorite!
Hear this all you fancy-schmancy dining establishments that got 2 or 3 stars from me for charging prices you didn't live up to  -  MY BEST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE IN THE LAST YEAR WAS AT EDDIE V's AND I GLADLY SPENT EVEN MORE BECAUSE OF IT.

Eddie V's gets it.  Figure out what's important to each person at the table, especially the one paying the check, and give it to them.  They picked up on our personalities right away (me the persnickety curmudgeon and my dining partner the obnoxious boor) and gave each of us what we wanted (me perfectly executed food and reasonably priced good wine and, I'll admit, some kissing up for my stepping up for the $$$$$; and my dining partner got someone to laugh at his witty banter).  I had asked for a quiet table in our online res, and they did seat us in a booth in the corner not too close to the tourists and per diem-ers.

We had a wonderful time.  The restaurant is lovely, dimly lit, white tablecloths.  Our booth was near the wine room so I could gaze longingly at the bottles when the conversation waned.   We ordered and ordered, shrimp cocktail, bisque, salad for appearances sake, filet, some other wonderful shellfish entree I'm allergic to so can't recall and the best dessert I've had in a while, that flaming bananas foster cake with butter pecan ice cream good enough to bring a southern girl to her knees.  

So we're thinking as we walk out into the Scottsdale Quarter shops that we should probably walk off some of this feast.  We really did try, but only got as far as the parking garage.  It's hard walking with 40 extra pounds of dinner in you.  The car's suspension took a beating on the way home to be sure.

Worth every penny and generous tip.  Thank you Eddie V's for restoring my faith in fine dining establishments.
Met some colleagues here for dinner one evening.  Located in the Scottsdale Quarter, this high end restaurant is a great place for dinner.  If you're price sensitive, this is not the place for you....don't even bother.  Our reservation was for 6:45 pm and it was jam packed, good thing we called ahead.  We were promptly seated in the main dining room.

After browsing the extensive menu, I decided to order:

Baby Iceberg BLT Wedge - (Bacon, Maytag Blue Cheese, Buttermilk-Chive Dressing), $9
Twin Lobster Tails - Broiled, MKT Price
Truffle Mac 'n Cheese, $6 (for small portion)
Godiva Chocolate w/Vanilla Ice Cream

All of the food was excellent.  The Twin Lobster Tails were perfect and came with Butter to dip them in.  They were so good, I used very little Butter.  I enjoyed the broiled flavor on it's own.  The Truffle Mac 'n Cheese was very rich & creamy, amazing.

The BLT Wedge was very good too, but the portion was too large and I had to leave 1/2 of it because I didn't want to be full when my entree came out.

At the urging of my colleagues, I ordered the Godiva Chocolate w/Vanilla Ice Cream.  It was awesome, but very rich.  I had to split it with everyone because there was no way I could finish it after the big meal.  The hot Godiva Chocolate oozed out of the center of the Cake....and the Vanilla Ice Cream complimented it perfectly.

The service here was impeccable.  They have a great staff.  Can't wait for my next visit.

Return Factor - 100%
Great happy hour! Service is wonderful
We came to Eddie V's about a week ago for an early birthday celebration.  We were a little early, but we were seated and served bread while we waited for the rest of our party.  The birthday boy got a card at his place setting, which was a nice touch.  A few tables down, rose petals adorned the table cloth.  This place knows how to do special occasions.

We got the oyster appetizer, which was really good.  They seemed to be battered and fried, so if anyone is squeamish about the texture of oysters, this is a good baby step.  The flavor was great.  I ordered the scallops, and there were two different kinds of sea bass and steak at the table as well.  I sampled some of each, and it was all quite good, but I think my favorite was the chilean sea bass.  Super tender.  We had a side of shrimp fried rice for the table that complimented perfectly.  

We didn't try any of the wine this time, but they had an impressive list.  The iced tea however, was full of flavor and a little fruity.  

Bananas Foster was an exciting way to end the meal, with fire literally pouring out onto the cake.  

This is a classy restaurant at Scottsdale Quarter, so be prepared to pay for that.  But the quality of the food stands up to its price, and the ambiance is great.
This is my second time to an Eddie V's.  First one was in Austin and had a very good experience.  Same to be said of this one, the seafood tower is delicious and almost too much for our group of 8 along with the other appetizers that we got we really didn't even need dinner!  However, my swordfish was better than fantastic, had a nice kick too it...was right on the edge of being too spicy but it was perfect.  Our waiter was very friendly almost too much as he told us he was going to a Bon Jovi concert with his wife...who is wearing leather pants that she still can fit into from High School...which was probably over 20-25 years ago.  I probably wouldn't go unless work or I am being taken there because it isn't cheap...but if you are going to go higher end, I like it better than Ruth Chris and other higher end steak houses.
Came here for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend.  We have been to the one in Austin and loved it.  

We had a bit of everything.  Started with the Tuna Tartare and the oysters.  The tartare was ok, but not that great.  I usually love Tuna Tartare The oysters were delicious!

 We each had a cocktail, I went with the red martini and he had a Bullet Manhattan. His drink was better than mine.  

Filet mignon for me and bone-in rib eye for him.  We each got one single stuffed shrimp on the side. I didn't know you could order a single one, so that was fun.

I also ordered the truffle mac n cheese, which was delicious!

Needless to say our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, but we were happy to bring home the leftovers! 

It's not your birthday without dessert so we went with the Bananas Foster. Effing yum.
This is by far the best restaurant! From the moment you walk in till you leave everything is done with class. Food is always great
Great food, superb service and a great place to meet an important business account.
This was my first time at Eddie V's Scottsdale Square location. I have enjoyed their happy hour specials, particularly the lump crab cake appetizer, at their old DC Ranch venue.
 
This occasion was to celebrate the 88th birthday of a dear friend, reservations made, reservations honored, easy seating and stellar service. They took special care with regard to our guest of honor's special needs, such as accommodating his walker.

Having enjoyed pleasant experiences in the past I was not at all surprised by the quality of the food and the service.

We kept the appetizers light, and tried the spicy pot stickers. These were filled with spicy shrimp and pork with a light soy broth; slightly spicy and a good starter.
The three of us shared a bottle of Meiomi Pinot Noir; a blend of three different Pinot's that was slightly more robust than usual. All three of us were so please with the wine that we made notes for future purchases. If you want something slightly lighter than a Cabernet Sauvignon this may be a wine for you.

For entrées two of us enjoyed the Florida grouper sautéed crisp and adorned in a lemon, garlic and scallions sauce. Our friend had the Prime New York strip Au Poivre cooked medium rare. All three entrées were cooked and served to perfection. I will try the Prime New York strip Au Poivre on my next outing.

The side dishes were a delightful surprise. We had the large size servings of truffled macaroni and cheese (nice crispy crust), steamed asparagus, and roasted baby beets and candied walnuts. The beets were a real hit with all of us. I have never been a big fan of beets but this treatment made an impression.

As I said earlier this was a birthday celebration and Eddie V's very generously provided a complimentary dessert, a chocolate Godiva cake à la mode. How can you possibly go wrong with chocolate and ice cream, it scored majors points all around and was a beautiful cap to a lovely evening.

I'll definitely be back for another go and will again take advantage of the happy hour specials and the piano bar.
Had a work dinner in the private dinner room.   Beautiful space (although placement of TV's made it awkward to see the presentation a bit).  Food was phenomenal, I had the sole.  Bathrooms are super trendy and cool (just in case you one of those that care...I am!)  Service on point.  Great experience all the way.
We were very disappointed with the seafood options, especially shellfish. 

Very dark inside. Take your money to the Ocean Club instead.
double-x blacklist. overrun with insects. fruit flies floating in drinks, buzzing flies in my face and landing on my food. reputation squandered. one star.

and i don't mean the straggler here-or-there fly which is unfortunate, but normal. i'm talking about GODDAM-pile-of-rotting-food-nearby attracting and breeding ground for all of them. little green ones with long wings, little black ones, and flies, flies, flies. SHAME on you. They're all over us and i'm no snoopy's pigpen!

same lies told by the same manager as last year. when I brought the insect problem to his attention he says, "i just had it done last week."
last year when i told him about the sorry state of the piano's tuning, he says, "i just had it done last week.' GODDAMIT. BULLSHIT. *I* am a pianist, and I can tell when a piano hasn't been tuned in 6 months or more. LIAR!

## host fiddled with his screen for *2 minutes* before he could take us back to our table. Really?
## server not listening. he had to make my drink 3 times over. OK the 3rd time, there were bugs floating in the glass.

## heirloom tomatoes not ripe, cut too thick. seriously. i don't want to eat a raw potato either!
## sole stinks, not fresh.

i can't believe that in just one year, this place went from my highest recommendation for steaks and swank to double-x blacklist. what a shame!
My #1 restaurant by far... Cannot say enough about the food, the atmosphere, and the service. This must have been our 10th time at Eddie V's and I felt compelled to write a review on yelp since I usually use open table. This is probably the second review I have ever written on yelp, but I can honestly say out of all my return visits I have had nothing but outstanding food and service and need to get the word out to all my foodies. For a seafood spot, this is still one of the best steaks I have ever had, (And I take my bone in ribeye seriously people) :) the only downside, we can never decide on our favorite apps and always fill up before the main course... But we power through because every course from the apps to the dessert is not to be missed. Great for special occasions, and a night out. Thank you Eddie vs for consistently providing an exceptional dining experience!
Went back again.  Filet was awesome.  Cooked perfectly and a great piece of meat.  Caesar salad was much better this time.  The Godiva cake came out hot as well.  The wait staff was awesome.
Under impressed with the food!  Service was excellent but they had nothing to work with. My sole was over battered and over cooked we had to send the veggies back. It was my birthday and they even managed to forget that when we ordered dessert. The banana fosters is to die for so I would recommend going only for dessert and a drink!  Tip big though cause the waiters are awesome!
Great service, and a wonderful place to celebrate a special occasion!
After a few suggestions from friends and co-workers, I decided to try this place out for my two year anniversary.  We called to make a reservation for dinner.  After our arrival and pleasant check in, the hostesses took us to our table which was decorated with rose petals.  A+ y'all!  I was surprised by this thoughtful act.  Our waiter, Bill, was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu and how Eddie's V prepares their food.  

Eddie V's has a solid menu with multiple seafood options that will make a seafood lovers mouth water.  So we order our food: Scottish Salmon, Jumbo gulf pawns, broccolini, and the twice baked potato.  All was good but the broccolini, which was blanded and tasteless.  

Okay, overall the experience was good.  Great food.  Solid ambience!  Good service!  Thank you Eddie V's for a wonderful experience.  Shout out to Bill for such wonderful service.
We have dined at here at V's since they were in DC Ranch.  This includes a few times at their La Jolla restaurant.

We dined last weekend on the 13th and came early at 5pm as they had over 200 people coming to dine that evening.

While we like to dine in their Bar, we opted for the dining room as we had guests. A waiter (Frank?) immediately checked in and my wife asked him to overview V's offerings. First mistake.

He waxed poetically about anything he could on the wine list and sizable menu and never once did any discovery with us about what we might be interested in.  This should be Rule #1 in Sales!!!

For instance, he detailed all the beef highlights (we do not eat meat) as we actually came there for the seafood. Talk about pre mature advocation.

He also mentioned that they had been working on quality control at their La Jolla restaurant as we had seen quality all over the board there as well. "Not here in Scottsdale though"

We ended up changing tables as he was non stop, left us feeling uncomfortable knowing he was lurking.  One has to wonder why he has been at sooo many Valley restaurants.

Yet the morale of this story is that V's quality may not fit either the high end ambiance or the pricing.

The Lobster Taco appetizer used to be amazing here and that night this was rubbery and the portion (for $18.00) has turned sadly smallish.

A side of beets had to be returned as these seem liked they may have been pre cooked and then put in a microwave. Chewy at best.

Of course, the Staff can always be a huge asset and the Team concept of service was exemplary.

Yet one has to wonder if  V's quality blips are Companywide in as much as La Jolla had/has issues.  They are big in Texas and we have not yet dined there.

In the end, it's summer here and V's can rock on any given night, yet quality issues will always trump the "sizzle" of  an establishment over time.

They will surely figure this out and we will return next month for a nice night.  We will just avoid Mr. pre mature advocator, that's all!!
I will admit it: sometimes I can be a bit of a jazz snob.  Unfortunately there are not many great places to see a decent live jazz show in this valley...But, I must say Eddie V's impressed me!  

It all started off at Kierland Commons outdoor live music festival, then came the monsoon...What to do??  Still craving live music!  We asked around and Eddie V's was on the list.  We were all dressed in very casual summer clothes so it was a little awkward walking into such a nice restaurant looking like wet dogs, but the bartender made us feel right at home.  The band was on break and I have never been so happy I went on my 'Phoenix valley sucks for jazz' rant.  One of the band members was eves-dropping on our conversation LOL!  So, when the band started I was a little embarrassed...But, I think it amped them up a bit!  The band consisted of a drummer, pianist and an upright bassist.  After the set, my friend Jon thanked them and they chatted with us for a bit.  The pianist asked if it met my standard and said he had to keep it a bit more low key due to the fact it is fine dining, not a concert hall...which I recognize.  The bassist was a guest player from out of town (Austin) and you could tell they were having fun jamming.  The last set you could tell they took it up another notch, since the restaurant had cleared a bit.  It was so good 2 cute old couples started dancing and I think everybody was bopping to varying degrees in the room!  

Our bartender was also fabulous.  She made all 3 of us some outstanding cocktails and she knew the menu well.  I opted for the calamari, which is unique with almost an Asian inspired twist...And it is HUGE!  

Eddie V's started off as a last resort and ended up being a 3 hour adventure!  I will definitely be back here again.  They have jazz (not blues, Motown etc) every night!  You can't go wrong with great music, cocktails, service and atmosphere!
Sat down for a very nice meal here. Large portions accompany a large check. 

The Mac and cheese (with truffles) is to die for - and at $6/9 it doesn't get much better!

The wait staff was very friendly.
Excellent food, excellent service, great wine list and a great Happy Hour. The $1 Louisiana Oysters on the half shell are a hard appetizer to turn down. The fish can come simply grilled and their Grouper is the freshest I have enjoyed in the West!

The ambiance is really nice and there's valet parking or free self park downstairs. After all we ate and drank, I was glad to have self-parked as I "sort of exercised" walking back to the car. 

Eddie V's has a really pretty interior and was well though-out. I love the glass wine display and the wine list is equally as impressive. 

This is a must try, special occasion place with live music. folks are generally dressed up, but I was admitted in jeans. Great spot and I look forward to coming back!
I LOVE Wildfish, I LOVE Roaring Fork, and I used to love Eddie V's. 

I've been to Eddie V's so many times, but the last time I went was probably my last. I ordered a glass of wine to accompany the many many oysters I was excited to eat. The oysters themselves were good quality, but they had not been properly clean and my boyfriend and I were disgusted with the whole experience. We asked the manager what was going on since we were used to such high quality there, and instead of bringing us clean oysters or apologizing...he implied that we didn't understand what clean oysters actually were. He explained that because of the quality of these oysters they do not wash them and if we ate oysters more often we would know that. Interestingly, we eat oysters all the time and I'm sure no pretentious oyster connoisseur like the one the manager was describing would appreciate pieces of shell all over their oysters either.  In the end, and after a battle on what constitutes a clean oyster, the manager took some of the oysters off our bill. However, it wasn't about having any of the oysters taken off of our bill - it was about getting what we came in for - good oysters and good experience.
Love the ambiance and music.  Sat in the bar first and received first rate service.  This place knows how to take care of its guests.  Dinner was delish! Oysters and crab cake surpassed our expectations.  You can pass on the lobster bisque as it was only mediocre.  Scallops and swordfish were prepared perfectly. Wonderful evening overall.
Fantastic ! 

Went last night with a date. On a Monday night it was deadly quite ( Which is fantastic ) . The music was by an jazz/cover band, BUT they played a mix of current slow songs and they possibly could hold a concert on their own. They were that good. For the order there was Halibut and Sea bass- side of  tomato salad and truffle mac n cheese. Everything was beyond perfect. My fish was cooked to perfection. Moist and melted in my mouth. 

The service was great, and she came back at the perfect times. Would recommend to anyone.
food was outstanding, attractive and service was timely.  will go back
I used to love this place. Now dark, depressing and the food is so over priced and has really gone down hill.
This place was great! We didn't need a reservation we walked in and got a table right away. The service was excellent, my water was never empty! I had the Scottish salmon which was cooked perfectly and my wife had the scallops which were also good.  We also had a side of crab fried rice that rocked our world!! We ended the night with a Godiva hot chocolate cake with ice cream. Not to rich but just right. Overall our experience was great! I recommend this place over Mastros ocean club. Better value and better atmosphere
For me Eddie V's never disappoints.  Fantastic service, incredible food, great choices, terrific atmosphere... this is now my go-to place for an overall grand experience.  They offer Valet parking which I love... nothing worse than getting all dressed up and having to walk 2 blocks to get to your destination.  It is $3 plus tip... just an FYI.  We always make reservations just to be sure we'll get in.  If the tables not ready they have a very nice bar area to enjoy a cocktail while you wait.  Both times recently our table was ready even though we arrived a bit early so we just sat down.  Service is A+, first class all the way.  You can just relax and enjoy your dinner.  Things I love, Sea Bass!  OMG it is wonderful!  If you like Sea Bass... get it.  It is a huge portion and its usually market price...  Last time I ordered it was $35 which I thought very reasonable considering the portion size.  Very easily shared by two with smaller appetites. Sorry... back to appetizers... Oyster lovers love the oysters here!  they are on the happy hour menu in the bar area.  Yellowtail sashimi is OMG to die for.  Heirloom tomato salad was fantastic too.  Filet always a good choice... The asparagus was cooked to perfection and I would choose the augratin potatoes over the twice baked.  Ive had both and I prefer mashed or baked usually but these augratin are wow... really great.  The Sole is super!  It is a HUGE portion so unless you are a big eater or you are sharing... there is too much to eat but its prepared to a T!  It has a crispy exterior due to the parmasan crusting... and its delish!  Oh and if you order a steak... you can order any way, any sauce, peppered, etc.... pretty much it seems if you ask they most likely can do.  Just the way you like it! They also have live jazz playing in the bar area... very nice touch.
A very nice upscale restaurant.  Bar was crowded but didn't have a problem ordering a drink and music was a little
Loud. But it was Friday night.  Food was amazing and so was the service.
I love this place!! I especially like their oysters!! I think  that they have great music, excellent servers and bartenders and great music
Good , good and better.

I want to go back and try more of the food options..

The mojito made by the bartender was tasty. Happy hour pricing made it even better.

They were out of the $1 oysters so I tried the battered ones. Very good.

Presentation looked great on the food. It was very crowded.
The service was great, the food was top notch, and the drinks were stiff...I will definitely be coming back.  Here is the breakdown of each:

Service:
Took a few minutes to get greeted when we walked in, but there was a rather large party congregating around the hostess table, so we were initially over looked.  Our waiter was great and made very good recommendations and describing the menu.  We did not have to wait or flag him down at any point.

Food:
Crabcakes - As close to Maryland as it gets.  Lumped crabcakes were cooked perfectly with a slight crisp breading on top
Filet Mignon - Order the steak medium and it came out medium, so delivered as ordered, which does not always happen. I would recommend the smaller size steak since your side dishes are rather large.
Halibut - Cooked perfectly. The halibut was crisp on top and perfectly white throughout. With the right amount of lemon, I felt like I was eating fresh Alaskan Halibut in Arizona.
Twice baked potato - The bacon bits were huge and fresh and the potato was delicious.

Drinks:
The drinks were strong and not watered down. As soon as we got low on a glass, the waiter stopped by and asked if a refill was in order, oh yes it was.
Wow. I believe the I had the Hong Kong styled Sea bass and it was delectable even with the interesting texture. We were also accompanied with wonderful live music and ended the night with a simple creme brûlée. 

Great date night place.
Great food, delicious and prepared perfectly. Service was attentive and not overbearing or stiff. Some of us needed a flashlight to read the menu, but I like a dark restaurant; makes me look younger. I would recommend EV's for a special occasion or for a romantic evening. One thing odd though, when we left the restaurant some patrons were smoking cigs in our pathway just outside the door. I thought that was not permitted so close to an entrance of a public establishment. Someone should tighten up the rules at EV's.
Always good food and good service. Just sometimes food is not cooked as ordered. But send it back and you are ready to go, don't be shy. 

Great steaks and drinks. Get the bananas foster butter cake and you can't go wrong. Awesome all around. 

Ask for Kristen the best server there. Enjoy.
First time at this Eddie V's.  Service was very good, food was excellent.  I had the gulf stuffed shrimp and they were done to perfection, and incredibly filling.  The crab fried rice was delicious.  Even though it seemed a bit out of place on this menu, I had the pot stickers for an appetizer, and they were done perfectly.  My wife had the crab cake appetizer and it was also delicious.  She ordered the scallops, and this is the only issue we had, when they arrived at the table, 2 of the scallops were obviously undercooked.  But the way the wait staff and management handled the issue was remarkable, offering either to re-do the meal, or bring an entire new dish.  I think the way an establishment handles an issue is just as important as the food and atmosphere.  The atmosphere was very warm and cozy, and the piano bar where we retired to after dinner was wonderful.  The entire staff was attentive without being intrusive (which is a difficult balance to maintain), friendly and welcoming.  The live jazz trio was wonderful.
Had an amazing experience at Eddie V's. It was my 11th Anniversary and I had made a reservation at 8:15 at night. We had been at the ASU football game during the day and the game got out late so I had switched it to 8:45. Well, we got home quicker than I thought so we called and asked if we could come in at our original time which was 8:15 and they were more than willing to accommodate us.
We got to the restaurant and our table had a beautiful setting with rose petals and a happy anniversary card signed by the entire staff.  My husband had a caesar salad to start off with and I had the corn crab chowder, both were amazing. When we received both of our steaks, our server asked us to cut into them to make sure they were cooked the right temperature.  My filet was cooked perfectly but my husband was overcooked. So they took the entire order back and gave us a new meal.  Again we had cut into our steaks, my husbands was cooked perfectly but mine was undercooked.  They took back my steak to cook it longer and brought it back and it still was undercooked.  I was fine having it the way it was.  Our server came back and looked at it with her flashlight and asked if it was okay and I told her it was fine she said "you wouldn't tell me anyway would you?"  I told her it was fine which it was and when they took our plates away she told me that they will be taking care of my meal because they couldn't get it cooked right.  Oh I forgot to mention that they gave me the first filet to take home in addition to my undercooked filet.  The manager came by and spoke with us as well and apologized for the steak inconvenience. We told her it was no problem and we were just enjoying the night. 
Overall our experience was great we enjoyed the night and to top it off we had the Bananas Foster Cake which is to die for.  We are looking forward to coming back again and again to Eddie V's to enjoy the great food and outstanding service.
Ate there for bday dinner, amazing. I don't give 5 stars out often but this place is it. King crab melts in mouth as does filet mignon. Pricey so, special occasions only (was $185 for two) but worth it.
Went here on a Monday night with a group attending a conference... They were able to accommodate a large party on short notice...we changed from 8 to 14 at the door, and it wasn't a problem.

Service was fantastic: kudos to this place for hiring warm, knowledgeable, courteous staff.

The food was far better than I expected...as a life-long New Englander who has never lived more than 90 minutes from the ocean, I have high standards for seafood. This place met them and then some. We had an appetizer of calamari, shrimp, lobster, and some oysters, all really nice. I also enjoyed the creamy crab and corn chowder. But my entree, Alaskan halibut with morels, edamame, and smoked pork shank, blew me away. Perfectly cooked, tender, sweet fish with an amazing sauce. 

I only had room for a few bites of the twice baked potatoes and the crab fried rice, but those were delicious as well. I would definitely go back.
The food and the service was the best!  We had 8 people and everything went great.  We love this place
On 11/25/13 we celebrated 4 November family birthdays at Eddie V's. Prior to making the reservation, we met with Suzette (mgr) to discuss our ideas for the birthday dinner. Growing up in the restaurant business, I observe more than the average person each time I dine out. I have never been so utterly impressed with the attention to detail we experienced on 11/25. Suzette added an additional bread selection, placed roses and rose petals on our table, brought in additional ice cream flavors for 2 of our guests who have a special favorite, placed us in a small private room, and routinely came in to the room to check on our satisfaction. Suzette exceeded our expectations to the point that an evening of perfection was taken to a whole new level!!  Suzette's personality, attention  to detail, management skills, wine knowledge, and caring attitude were hands down the best I have ever  experienced while dining out!!  Not to be left out was the over the top service we experienced with Brian(server) and his support staff!  Let's not forget the superb food preparation and presentation. Start to finish our overall experience was  A++++!!
Folks, if you are looking for the ultimate dining experience in both food and service, then I urge you to experience Eddie V's in Scottsdale!!
we made reservations for my 30th birthday celebration and we couldn't have gotten better service and food.  We were welcomed and seated right away and our server was absolutely fantastic. He was attentive and helpful with his favorites of meal and wine recommendations.  My parents, brother, and fiancee were all there, chose different meals and appetizers, and couldn't have been happier.  The steak literally melted in your mouth and every bite that I put into my mouth was delicious.  It's expensive, definitely expensive .... but for a special occasion? Worth every penny.
I never knew food could taste so good!!! The sword fish was excellent and the truffle mac and cheese was divine!! Our server Michael was an absolute delight too! I can't wait to go back :)
Just concluded wining & dining our best clients at Eddie V's. The food and service was A+!  The food was abundant, & no one could go home hungry. Suzette (mgr) & servers Krissy, Brian & Kyle did an outstanding job!! If you are looking to make a great impression on clients, I can highly recommend Eddie V's.
I've eaten at Eddie V's many times over the years and its always been good.  I organized my company holiday dinner at the Scottsdale Quarter location for last Friday night and I can honestly say it was one of the worst experiences at a high end Steak/Seafood restaurant I've ever had.  In this case, the reason for the poor experience falls on the service.  We had a party of 9 which we had a reservation for.  Of the many issues that went wrong a few really stand out.  First of all we only had one server who also seemed to have a number of other tables which was not enough.  The first issue came when I ordered a bottle of Bella Glos pino (a great wine if anyone is interested).  The wine comes with wax covering the cork and the server couldn't remove the wax.  When I joked if she needed help, she actually handed me the bottle and bottle opener.  Note to all servers...on an expensive bottle of wine, if there is ever an issue please take the bottle back and bring me another.  Having me help you open it is simply unacceptable.  

The next issue came when our meal was served.  We ordered enough sides that they suggested we keep them on a side table and they serve us since there wasn't enough room on our table.  Not a bad idea, except that our one server individually served sides for all nine of us.  As the last one to get served my sides, I was almost done with my steak by the time she got to me.  If you're going to help us by serving the sides, get additional help so everyone is served at the same time.  

The next issue came at dessert.  Only two of us were given dessert menus, me being one of them.  When the server came back to take our order I asked if everyone had menus (I knew they didn't) and her response was for me to pass my menu down to others at my table.  really?

The final, final straw came when we were all finally ready to leave and we couldn't get our server to the table because she was chit-chatting with her other tables.  It literally took us 30 minutes to get our bill paid.  

For the record we did alert the manager who I think was new.  She took my email as well as the CEO of my company, though we've yet to hear a peep from them.  You'd think that if she went through the effort to take down our information we'd at least get an email or call.   The group I was with eat at these types of places all the time (Oceans Club, Mastros, Capital Grille, etc) and this was by far the worst service I've ever had in this type of establishment.  All the others at our table agreed.  I sincerely hope this was just a one time issue and it doesn't happen to anyone else.
Come here (any night of the week) if you're looking for live music and prefer a cool jazz tune.

After a rained out evening outdoor concert, a few of us decided we weren't ready to give up on an hearing some live music. We popped into a place around the corner hoping to find some live Jazz, and disappointed with who was playing that evening, we asked the bartender if there was somewhere else they would suggest for Jazz on a Sunday evening.

I'm glad we decided to take his advice on Eddie V's, cause I had one of the best evenings of great live Jazz in the Phoenix area sitting right at the bar. After some encouragement by our group, the musicians decided to really lay into it with their music and turn it up from the typical elevator music to something you could really dance along to. 

The bartender poured some excellent tasting drinks, the band ended up chatting with us for a couple minutes post set and it turned out to be a fabulous way to spend four hours with your gal.

Happy Yelping Phoenix! :-)
I would have given Eddie V's 5 stars, however I made reservations weeks in advance and somehow still had to wait for 30 minutes to get a table. 

Now that the complaining is over:

The food is excellent. My boyfriend and I were visiting Phoenix for a holiday getaway and I spent a pretty hefty amount of time looking for a fine dining restaurant to splurge at. I landed on Eddie V's and made a reservation on OpenTable for 8pm on a Saturday. When we showed up, the crowd was a little older than we thought it would be, but we were seated in a nice booth overlooking the dining room and with views into the lounge, where there was a love band playing. Very nice. Our server, Eduardo, was fast, attentive and overall a top notch guy. 
We ordered the batter fried oysters appetizer, which were good but a little heavy on the curry spice that was in the sauce. Nice, though.
For main courses (we skipped second courses because we weren't all that hungry), I ordered the 8oz filet mignon and broiled lobster tail. My boyfriend ordered the Chilean sea bass. Both were exceptional. My filet came out cooked perfectly (I ordered it medium) and the lobster was succulent and sweet. The Chilean sea bass, cooked "Hong Kong style" which meant steamed and served in a flavorful broth on a bed of spinach and under a bamboo basket, was moist and delicious. 
We ordered the sautéed spinach on the side- we ordered a small but were given a large. It was good, with big shavings of Parmesan and roasted garlic. 
For dessert, we ordered the bananas foster cake on the recommendation of several fellow yelpers and we were NOT disappointed. Eduardo came out and lit a gravy boat full of liqueur on fire and poured it onto the bananas atop the cake. What a show, and DAMN what a good dessert. Buttery cake, sweet caramelized bananas and out of this world butter pecan ice cream. I wish I could have finished it but we were both too stuffed to carry on. 

We got out for under $200 after tip, and I felt  the service and the quality of the food we were served was well worth the money. 

All in all, a classy and awesome dining experience. I will definitely return for that banana cake if I find myself in AZ again.
We enjoyed a fabulous dinner at Eddie V's last night. The dinner was well seasoned and prepared. The environment was pleasant in spite of the restaurant's cavernous appearance. Jovial live jazz played by the bar could be heard throughout. Staff moved about quietly and were never disruptive. What a difference from the awful experience at Mastros Ocean Club! Will certainly return.
Great happy hour. Love their appetizers and soups. After we order some apps and soup we are usually too full for entrees but it's so worth it!
We just went here this past saturday with a party of 8. I would have to say that the overall food was good but, nowhere near the quality of Ocean Club in Kierland commons.
This is a high end seafood restaurant located on the edge of a bustling shopping center in glamorous north Scottsdale.  Speedy valet parking is available for $3 which was well worth it given how busy the area was the Saturday night we visited. We were seated right away for our 7 pm reservation by their extremely professional and efficient staff.  Our server stopped by right away to welcome us and explain the all ala carte menu.  

Prices here are not for the budget traveler with most of the fresh fish options in the $30 range and side dishes in the $6 range.  We started with the blue crab cake ($16) which had a delightful panko coating and zesty remoulade (our favorite dish of the meal) followed by a fresh heirloom tomato & buffalo mozzarella salad that we shared.  The kitchen was kind enough to split it for us and even then it was still two large portions.  We also split an entree, again kitchen divided it for us, a lemon sole that was also more than we could eat.  After our meal the restaurant manager stopped by the table to check if the food was ok since he had noticed back in the kitchen we had left a lot uneaten (we had had too much at lunch and were still stuffed), but still a very nice touch and mark of top notch service.

The place was a little on the noisy side and the crowd was dressy and stylish.  There was a live jazz trio playing somewhere adding to the ambiance.  All in all a pleasant evening to top off our visit to the Phoenix area.
Seafood was excellent. My wife and I enjoyed the atmosphere a great deal. Great customer service and a worthy alternative to Ocean's Club! Very good size portions and would definitely be back. Rick was our waiter and he did a great job
Fresh oysters, good steaks, and a great selection on the dinner menu for the steak and potatoes crowd, the seafood lovers, and a wine list to partner with your selection.  Very good portions to share with friends or your significant other, and the plating is what you should come to expect from a dimly lit, jazzy steak and seafood venue.

A Monday night reservation for our group of 6 was easy to obtain and the service was top notch from the staff.  While we were seated by the kitchen, the noise level was still very low that our entire group was able to have a great conversation without the usual kitchen noise distractions.

I'd recommend and myself would come back the next time I am around the North Scottsdale area.
My wife and I checked this place out while on vacation and, simply put, had one of the most consistently delicious meals ever. There wasn't a bad note. The stir-fry calamari appetizer, bone-in rib eye, and chilean sea bass were all delicious.
So excited to hear that there is also one in my home of Orlando. 
You cannot go wrong for an upscale romantic restaurant. It is mouth-watering good.
Our table wasn't ready by our reservation time, but the manager made up for it with complimentary cocktails and our server extended the happy hour specials. Great atmosphere, live music was nice, my date's sea bass was cooked perfectly and so was my steak. My date enjoyed the oysters. For a bit of elegance, atmosphere and great food, go to Eddie V's.
A great place. 
Great food,
Service  was a  little  on the slow side, but maybe that was just that particular day.

Other wise it's  a nice place.
I cannot believe how long it has taken me to finally visit this place. My husband and I took my Mom for her 73rd birthday while she was in town, and I am so glad we did. Love the ambience--service was impeccable.  And the fact that I know that I can actually get damned good seafood in the desert is comforting. I am mostly writing this review for the SCALLOPS. You get SIX of these people. Not 3, not 4, but SIX big plump sweet scallops in a citrus glaze that compliments these little beauties perfectly. I had also ordered a lobster tail; too tough, not tasty. But without any hesitation, the manager took it off the bill. We even had a convo about Maine vs Australian and our agreed preference for the latter. The soups are AMAZING and my Hun and Mum devoured their chosen fish entrees. And with all the class of a GOOD restaurant, my mom got her choice of a free dessert (bananas' foster--not to be missed). I don't mind spending money on a good meal, and Eddie Vs is an example of a place I will return to time and time again.
Went for anniversary last night. They had rose petals on the table it was nice.  My filet was the best I've ever had. Scallops were cooked perfect.  He had the swordfish and loved it. I like you can do small sides so you can try more then one. Great wine as well. And the complementary dessert of our choice was very nice. So glad we went here over Ocean Club. It was perfect.
We went for happy hour.  The ambiance was fantastic.  The live music was great we sat right next to them and I have sensitive ears and the noise level was perfect.  The service was top notch.  The food was not the best and the portions were small.  The mac and cheese is dry but editable,  we also shared snapper I think. Lack of seasoning but the food came out hot.  The wine selection is great. I had a couple of their signature mixed drinks very nice. Oh yah we had half a dozen oysters. I felt like they just got them from the ocean. ..fresh
This place did nothing for me. Tasteless shrimp, almost completely tasteless "Chilean sea bass" (I'm still not convinced it was Chilean sea bass), undercooked asparagus, lame French fries (no doubt right from the freezer into the fryer) and bitter tasting lobster bisque. Our waiter was nice enough, but forgetful.

Dinner was $150 for two of us. I'd rather have spent $20 at the Hot Dog Stop just up the road, and lit the rest of the money on fire. And if you are going to pull off the charade of being an upscale Scottsdale restaurant, you probably should not let people in, who dress like homeless bikers.....Seriously.

I'll never go back. Very poor dolar-to-deliciousness ratio.
Be sure to enjoy  the Tartare Of Pacific Ahi Tuna this Saturday the 19th while listening to Dale Yeoman Sing from 7-11pm. It's to die for!!!
This is a very nice, upscale steak and seafood restaurant.  The service is excellent, but the food was lacking in flavor.  The portions are large and it is very filling.  Unfortunately the flavors are just not there.  Bland jumbo shrimp, bland sea bass, and bland ahi tuna.  The seafood is very fresh, but the preparation is just not up to the expectation for such a nice restaurant.
We checked Yelp and found a great spot for dinner.  Service was 5 STARS and food was fantastic.  My husband's halibut was slightly overcooked and they had a new one right back out in minutes.  They checked back with us and were very gracious.  We were happy we selected Eddie V's for dinner.
We went last night, first time! found the prices on the  high side for Arizona, we had to wait well beyond our reservation time, and I had to go to the hostess, I believe that they had forgotten about us.
We ordered the seafood tower and that should have been sufficient as we had bread and butter at the bar with a couple drinks.
Our Main course was the Chilean Sea Bass, and Grouper, the Sea Bass was awesome, the disappointment was in the Grouper dish, we strongly feel that we were served Red Snapper, we have a lot of experience in fish dishes, we often buy fresh Grouper and cook it at home in Calgary, what we had was not Grouper,the texture, firmness, and type of consistency of the fish was more similar to Red Snapper which is 1/3rd of the price.
We may go back to the Lounge for drinks and appetizers but probably not for a full Dinner.
I was in Scottsdale AZ with my wife and kids during spring break this year. My wife is a great vacation planner so she typically handles all the dinner reservations.  

When the restaurant she reserved cancelled all reservations last minute due to some renovation issues on site, she was frustrated; so I took on the responsibility of finding us another spot for our date night. 

Besides its location totally setting the tone, the ambiance exceeded my expectations. It was twice as cozy as you would expect from a stake house. The hostess was polite from the phone till we met in person. 

Out butler was in training but was thorough non the less. Every dish was hand crafted to impress.  My favorite fish Chilean sea bass was probably the best recipe I have had anywhere in all my travels in or out the country. The wine selections matched our desire for the night and the Head Chef came out to discuss our delight. 

We even took photos outside the epic sign because it was so memorable. Above all it made me look like the avid diner date planner which I am not. My wife kept saying I made a great choice. I wish they had a location in NY. I am a Pesca-vegetarian so I live for good fish eateries. Eddie V's is officially the best seafood restaurant, second to none. Come with a loaded wallet though you will be unloading it and glad to be.
Had a business dinner here last week. I love this place. Food is typically excellent. However, this was the first time I went with steak (didn't listen to my own advice as the seafood has always been stellar here).  Wasn't a bad filet but was cooked almost to medium-well (I ordered it rare). Normally I would not have a problem sending it back but it would have killed the mood for the business we had
Going on. Stick to fish at this place. You won't be unhappy.
Great atmosphere. Amazing service. Good food.  Definitely somewhere we will return to.
Not much has changed. I asked for a wine recommendation. The first recommendation was the most expensive white by glass on the menu at $18, the second recommendation was the 2nd most expensive wine by glass on the menu at $16 and the 3rd wine recommendation they gave was a "discontinued" wine, not on the menu, but higher priced then all the other wines besides the first 2 they recommended on the menu at $15 a glass. I tried the most expensive, because I have the money- it wasn't worth it though. I've had far superior wines at a number of paces for far less. 

What I dislike the most about this place is first, the bartenders will always recommend the most expensive wine on the menu, 2nd I was shocked that the staff (more than one of them) actually asked me what I did for a living without having any other sort of casual conversation... yes, I'm a decent looking lady that looks young for my age and I can afford your ridiculous recommendations... none of your business what I do. How rude. Of course, I tried to explain, but it was over their heads. 

Anyhow, a 56 year old man sat beside me and at one point navigated my hand to feel his biceps and pecks... it was actually impressive, but um... yeah- no comment.
Eddie V's never disappoints. We come here for seafood and they never mess it up. I wish I had more room to put it in. I had a delicious red fish that was moist yet crispy on the outside. My wife had an incredibly morsel of heaven in the steamed Chilean sea bass. The meat literally flaked off on to your fork and melted in your mouth. We always love the Kung pow calamari to start. My wife let it slip that it was my birthday and our waiter picked up on it immediately. We ordered the banana foster, totally delicious. Well Eduardo, our waiter comped our desert. He made the night just a little more special. Thank you.
The food was phenomenal, pairing tastes that I would not have combined, to great effect. The seafood was perfectly prepared, seved at just the right level of doneness. We were made to feel welcome and service was very attentive, yet unobtrusive. Our server was astute enough to know when to bring an extra spoon on a dish we didnt plan to, but ended up, sharing.
Service was great and the filet mignon and Chilean sea bass were perfect.  Great wine list to compliment the menu.  The sea bass was prepared with a great miso broth and steamed to perfection.  Had a BLT wedge salad and that too was spot on.  Going back for sure.
Some friends and I popped in to The Fountain for a post-dinner drink last weekend. We went with their special of the night, screwdrivers with fresh-squeezed OJ. It was pulp-free and you couldn't taste the vodka, so it was fine by me (I'm not a big fan of OJ or vodka). 

The bartender (and presumable owner) was very friendly and very excited about their food menu - it's nice to see someone who is passionate about what they're doing. 

The bar is warmly lit and has an old-timey feel, and they did a great job of opening the flow between the front and back room, something the former occupant TIki Shack lacked. I'm interested to give them another go-round.
It's kickoff time at the start of the Wisconsin-Nebraska game. Looking for a haunt for a group of 8, I stumble upon The Fountain, nearly deserted despite drink specials and HDTVs showing the Wisconsin domination beginning. Meanwhile, the Tiki Shack next door hopped with a boisterous, sloppy crowd. Was this a bad sign?

Not in the least. The bartenders and waitress took great care of us over the whole game. The smart tap list (all Wisconsin, mostly Madison) is accompanied by a good selection of bottles. We were surprised by the complementary chips and salsa, and at one point the chef even brought out some delicious beef sandwiches for the group to sample. I didn't try any, but I've never seen people react that positively to a beef sandwich before. A few of us ordered cheese curds and fries, which came quickly and were also very good. 

Lots of little touches made this place stand out, including a gluten-free beer offering, the aforementioned freebies and the great mural on the wall, which I didn't have much time to study on account of too many Badger touchdowns.

We'll definitely be back. Looking forward to trying sandwiches and the "Beers of our Fathers" list, if only because Blatz has been the punchline of many a joke since I've moved here. Wisconsin Regional cuisine seems to be on the up-and-up in Madison, and this place offers an easy-going, friendly version.
I've eaten lunch at The Fountain twice since its recent opening.  Both times the food was excellent.  My first meal was a grilled cheese sandwich, made from cheddar and provalone, grilled perfectly.  I enjoyed a rich tomotoe bisque soup with the sandwich.  Today, I wanted a hearty bowl of soup to help take the chill off.  The Fountain served up a delicious, large bowl of baked potato soup, with bacon, cheese and sour cream.  The service was friendly and accommodating.    I hope to try the place for dinner soon.
After a rocky first visit (burger was cooked well done but the saving grace was the chef coming out to apologize), the Fountain has really delivered quality consistent food.  Their burgers are made from local ingredients and are very solid.  Cheese curds are amongst the best in town (Graze are still the best).  Very friendly waitstaff with a barback that is over 100 years old.  While not as diversified as the Tipsy Cow (and not even close to the Old Fashioned), I like coming here for the great people and food.
I ended up heading here after an awesome review in the Isthmus. My dad was in town heading to a hockey game with my brother and me. I thought I'd bring the boys here since I wanted to try it and it wasn't as busy as some of the college hang-outs (e.g. The Nitty). The food was good and the servers were kind, but it was a little small and not a lot of variety on the menu. We all got burgers/sandwiches, and they were tasty, but nothing out of this world. I would head back soon for the bar, however, as they have great drink specials, and the staff was nice. Cool bar.
After being informed that the wait time was close to an hour and a half at The Old Fashioned, my boyfriend and I stumbled across The Fountain. It seemed to be pretty similar to The Old Fashioned as far as the menu was concerned so we said why not. It wasn't very crowded at all. The food is made from local products, which is always a plus. We ordered some cheese curds to start, and I ordered the Red Lager Brat (single) and my boyfriend had the Pulled Pork Sandwich. 

The cheese curds were really good. They're kind of like cheese sticks but a million times better. The brat came on a pretzel bun with a ton of sauerkraut. It made for messy eating but was hearty and delicious. My bf said his sandwich was good too. Our server was very, very attentive and would show up every 5-10 minutes to see how we were doing. I'll let you decide if that's a bad thing or not. The other sandwiches and burgers on the menu looked like they were worth a second visit, so I expect I'll be coming back in the future.
Just had my third experience at The Fountain and based on this time alone would give 1 star. The first time I went the burger was at least cooked to specification. The service is always slow, and I should emphasize slow. The first time it was a good 45-60 minutes to get our burgers, but it was packed. 

The second time, I had their brat, which was delicious and great service (would give 4 stars that time alone). This time, over 30 minutes and barely anyone there. Order my burger medium. I haven't had a burger or red meat in awhile so had a  major craving. Imagine my disappointment biting into a well done dried up burger with barely any cheese. I will never return on my own will. HUGE disappointment! Hopefully the bartender was able to pass along my message to the kitchen because my server was too busy flirting to check on me. Bottom line, if you are going to go to The Fountain, don't order a burger, or order it rare and hopefully it will come out medium.
We chanced upon the fountain when turned away from the old fashioned and it's 1.5 hour wait. I'm so glad we did!!! After a long day on the road (we are traveling across the country from California) the fountain was a haven to our tired bodies and hungry bellies. We started with the cheese curds, and could have stopped there--so yummy! My husband got the fountain burger. Now, he is quite a burger connoisseur, so when he said it might be the best burger he ever had, I knew it must be fabulous! I had the Ruben (suggested by our sweet, attentive, knowledgeable server) and wasn't disappointed. The bread alone made the sandwich, but the flavorful corned beef, apple sauerkraut, and dressing put it over the top. The kids shared a basket of chicken strips and gobbled the generous serving size up. So glad we made the effort to find a local place for dinner. Such a respite from the fast food fare of the last few days. And our bill was under $40. That's rare for our family of 5. You must eat here!!
Tried some beer and cheese soup for the first time. IT WAS GOOD!!!! Also had a bacon cheeseburger with sweet potato fries. The cheeseburger was very good the cheese was inside the burger like some super cheesy treat! The bacon was really good too (I think being in Wisconsin has something to do with that. I mean it is a dairy state!
The Fountain flows with beers galore in this industrial bar.  Packers fans come together to hoot and holler at the football screen and chow down on some pub grub.

Thumbs up for burger alternatives.  I chomped on a grilled tuna steak burger with a lemon aioli.  The burger was filling and super meaty tuna with just enough sauce to juice it up.  

This is a great place if you want to play pool.  The ceilings are sooooo tall, and even though there was a big game going on, you didn't have to yell to speak to your buddy.
Went here for the first time this last weekend - very impressed. I had a steak sandwich and sweet potato fries and my brother got a burger - we both got bloody Mary's. All delicious. Gouda with the veggies in my bloody Mary? Good call. The waitress was super nice and knowledgable about the great beer selection they have. The place reminds me of a smaller version of the Old Fashioned, and I don't have to wait forever to get a table. Going back for sure.
Probably my favorite new place downtown - like an unpretentious, friendlier, and easier to get a table Old Fashioned. Good drink specials, love the pretzel bun, and their bloody mary. They also have a Belly check-in for those of you using that service.
We ate here before a show at The Overture Center. What a great casual place. Service was very friendly and knowledgeable. My food was great, I got the 122 Tom Turkey Club, basic club with their own twist, delicious! I will be back.
My best friend was in town and we were looking to grab a bite to eat before heading over to see Dueling Pianos.  This place was nearby and I had heard good things about it.  
It was busy and crowded and quite a few people milling around when we first walked in (surprisingly though, it wasn't loud until the live music started up).  I was confused as to how seating worked because there did not seem to be a hostess, but there was no seat yourself sign either.  Luckily, a few seats at the bar opened up, and we nabbed those right away.  The bartender was very nice and attentive and we only had to wait a few minutes before he asked what we wanted.  My boyfriend and I split chicken tenders and cheese curds and my best friend ordered the turkey club.  Their beer selection was expansive and the prices were fantastic.  
After about 10-15 minutes, the bartender came over and told my friend that they were unfortunately out of turkey.  He was very apologetic and asked what else he could get for her.  She decided on chicken tenders as well.  My boyfriend and I got our food shortly after that.  The cheese curds were great; they were fried in batter that reminded me of onion rings.  They were not super greasy or heavy which was a major plus.  The chicken in the tenders looked and tasted like actual chicken- not something you find very often anymore!  I also really liked all the sauce choices they had available.  
Because the kitchen had run out of turkey and because my friend had to wait so long for his food, the bar comped us a round of drinks and took half off her food.  They really take care of their customers at this restaurant!  I noticed the owner chatting to various patrons, many of which appeared to be regulars at the bar.  If you want to go to a local bar/restaurant that has great food, good selection, and actually treats its customers like people, definitely check out Fountain.  The only reason I took a star off was because seating was confusing.
A hidden gem!

I've worked in this area for about a year now and thought I had found all the good lunch spots in the capitol square area.  Add this one to the list!  

Came here with some colleagues for lunch during the week.  There are two areas, the front--- which is mostly a bar area. The back area-- which also has a bar, but more dining tables.  Our service was great and so was the food.  If you're on the search for good cheese curds, check this place out.  They were light and gooey and the ranch matched perfectly (funny, but true).  They're hand breaded and locally sourced from Westby, WI.

I had the rueben which was pretty solid.  picture attached.  And yes, finally a restaurant that takes their cole slaw seriously.  Very good.

My co-worker had the Shaved Ribeye Sandwich.  The dude wouldn't shut up about how good it was! He kept saying stuff like "this sandwich changed my life"   and "Wow, I didn't even need to dip it in Au Jus."  He had a cup of the beer cheese soup which was also very good. 

Add this place to your list.
I have been here three times by accident. We were always just around and the place was convenient, usually luring us in with some kind of special. I have never been disappointed. Their food has always been so good -- get the brat! The cheese curds are amazing. The bloodys -- oh yum and only $5. Really, everything on the menu is very reasonably priced, especially for the location. I would say the seating can be a little confusing, that's okay. The service makes up for it (I swear, there was one guy doing everything when we were there, yet you could not tell).
Loved the food (had a reuban), great service from the bartender, and did not wait more than maybe 10 minutes max for my food. My impression of the decor was that it kind of seemed like a smaller, less pretentious version of Old Fashioned and kind of reminded me of the basement bar of the Heidelberg in Ann Arbor (if there's any chance someone would understand that reference). Also loved that it wasn't too loud and seemed a little more intimate than a lot of the other bars around the square. I would recommend this to anyone looking to have dinner and/or drinks where they can easily talk to people in a relaxed setting.
Honestly, I know people are nice to you when you're paying them, but I hang out at The Fountain and can honestly say that the three people I've talked to on a regular basis are not only courteous and good at their job, but SO cool and nice. I have a regular rapport with Ruthie and Ryan, and Heather, one of the chefs is incredibly nice and real as well. Their reuben is also really good and I think I'm literally going to go grab a Hopalicious and eat one right now!
Pick from the front bar or the back. Some of the best cheese curds around. Burger was top notch as well. Stop on in for see great food and good beers.
My husband and I went there on a friday night before a show at the overture center. We had made a reservation and when we got there the staff didn't know about it, found us a table anyways though. Our waitress dropped off menus after a while and then didn't come back for a long time. Finally she came and we wanted to order 2 dinners, when she said"Oh, I guess I should have told you that we don't serve the dinners on fridays, cause the fish fry takes up the whole kitchen" ?!?!WTF? Ok, so we ordered 2 sandwiches...It keeps on getting later and we are really hungry and gotta make it to the show, which we told the waitress when we caught her-I mean we ordered 2 cold sandwiches, how long can it take? The place isn't exactly big! She brought the food out just after we complained and what I got was literally disgusting! A soggy sandwich that fell apart in 5 pieces when I picked it up and tried to eat it. My husbands food wasn't good either, so we ate a little and left to catch our show.
It was very disappointing and we will certainly never go back there again.
Ok Here is the scoop: Went here on Sunday because I have had the place bookmarked for ages.
 Pros: The Outdoor Seating was great for a nice spring day. The burgers were absolutely incredible, as were the cheese curds.  Lastly, my sweet potato fries were delish. 
Cons: The Service was super slow. They seemed to be understaffed for the business they had. Only other complaint is parking can be a pain. 
Go when you have some free time!
First time here last night.  Live jazz combo was great, but the food was just ok and quite over-priced.  Our server was fair at best.
We brought 100+ people from out of town  to The Fountain for a Lacrosse team party.   Harold and his team did a great job taking care of us.  Way to go 'D', Miles and all the bartenders!  Great service and really good food!  We'll be back!
We tried the cheese curds because we told they were among the best in town.  The might be, if you like lots of breading with bits of cheese. 

The portobello sandwich had to be marinated in salt.  The mozzarella on it was dry and lacked any flavor. With all the salt you wouldn't be able to taste it anyway.

The chicken salad sandwich....the filling was minimal, the toasted bread was brushed (soaked) in butter. 

The Rubin was tough and hard to eat.  The 4th person in our group ordered the bbq pork sandwich. He said it was good but certainly not worth coming back for.  Our water glasses were never refilled. Over all it is a thumbs down for all of us.   

As a positive the sweet potato fries were good.
I'm disappointed. I came with such high hopes from other reviews and found that the burgers are not that fabulous after all.  

Yes yes. I love the vibe, I am curious and am planning to be back for live music. 

The place was kinda confusing.. I entered from the front door at state street, saw a drumset and a bar but there was no one to help us. So my boy and I headed to the area at the dark area at the back and finally saw something like a reception. FYI, there's the front bar and back bar....

So what to try?
Cheese curds was good as mentioned. The crumbs were special, reminding me of a fish fry batter at Long John Silver's if you ever had it. But i still prefer the ones at Graze cos the ones at fountain have empty cheese curds (batter with no cheese)
Fried onion straws - similar to the old fashioned. 

Skip the following, BOO!!!
Pulled pork sliders. Not enough sauce so the pork was rather dry. Taste was good. And it was cheap and came with chips.. The server was so puzzled about us getting the 2 free toppings -.-
Fountain burger - no patties here please. It was supposed to be medium rare and turned out charred on all sides
Trying to find a place to eat on a Saturday is crazy, luckily we came across this place. The burgers were delicious! The BBQ Cheddar Burger is SO good, I was pleasantly surprised as to how yummy it was.
The beer selection was decent and the service was really good.
I would definitely go back, especially for the BBQ Cheddar Burger!
Absolutely wonderful food with a fresh, local take on their items. I highly recommend the Tom Turkey and sweet potato fries. The only downfall depending on when you go is the service - it at times can be quite slow or not the most noteworthy but the sandwiches
We tried the fountain as a gathering spot for a group of us headed to the comedy club on a Saturday night.  It served its purpose. 

They have an extremely limited menu- burgers, soup and salad.  I had a Fountain burger.  It was an absolute mess- 2 patties with cheese smooshed between them.  It was definitely the talk of the table as it was huge with meat juices dripping all over.  Its what i was looking for-  a big mess of a burger.

My girlfriend decided to try THE Reuben.  Now if you are brave enough to put "THE" in front of any sandwich name, it better be exceptional.  It wasn't.  Corned beef was dry and there was little or no dressing.  It was a disappointment.  My girlfriend said reubens at her work cafeteria were better.  

This place has a ton of potential.  Its a large space with 2 bars and outdoor seating in the summer.  Expand the menu. Give me a reason to go back besides its location
Last night was our first (and likely last) time going to The Fountain. We went in with realistic expectations of pub food but were surprised by how limited the menu was. A few "bar plates," some burgers and sandwiches. Oh, there was one salad listed, but more about that later.  Our waitress had little or no knowledge about the beers available, and told us they did not have a list she could show us. Based on her limited and unhelpful information, one of us settled on a Corona, which arrived warm and without a lime. It only took two more requests to finally get that lime (but to give the waitress her due, she did remember it for subsequent rounds.). As for the food, it was hit or miss. The tomato soup was truly delicious, and appeared to be homemade. The chili had decent flavor and a nice kick, but the meat was greasy. The shrimp risotto, one of the bar plates, seemed out of place on the menu, but two of us decided to chance it. It was quite good, but the portion was ridiculously small (maybe half a cup) and included just one shrimp. The burgers were also very good. The sweet potato fries were commercially made - tasty but nothing special. The menu offered no description of the market salad. The waitress told us it featured pickled asparagus and cherry tomatoes, but it arrived without either of those items. When we pointed this out to the waitress, she went back to the kitchen and returned with a small cup of asparagus, but told us they were out of tomatoes.  Overall, the meal was disappointing and the service was worse. The only thing The Fountain had going for it last night was the jazz trio. They were great!
Awesome. Tommy was incredible. We had a party of 7 and were treated like royalty.  Food is amazing!
Great fish fry! Our bartender Tom was truly a jack of all trades!  He worked the bar like a well oiled piston! Friendly, mixed great drinks, told a joke or two and recommended a great dinner selection.. He even danced a little to the awesome blue grass music. Tonight, Tom was firing on all cylinders!! Definitely coming back!
We will DEFINITELY be back...the food was great, the server was super friendly and attentive (but not annoying/let us sit and chat too) and the atmosphere of the dining area can't be beat...a definite gem in the Madison area that I would not have guessed from walking by it in the past...

The burgers were huge and cooked perfectly!  I would definitely recommend "The Fountain" burger.  Super yummy!
Very cool place - we were the first people in on a Saturday - sitting on the bar side - had some amazing little burgers.  Server was very nice - food was really good - place was really cool.  Glad we came in and hope to be back.
Torn between one and two stars here. The Fountain is conveniently located on State St. The concept is so cool - Wisconsin style bar with Wisconsin style food but sadly the execution is not well done. The group I was with was not thrilled with the selection for beers on tap (this should be a must at a Wisconsin style bar). Our server was slow and really didn't know much about the menu - but he did tell is in detail about why the Mac and cheese option was terrible. Some people on our group got burgers and they said for the price you can get a much better burger in Madison (try Cooper's Tavern!). I had the roast chicken and it was fine by me anything stand out. Probably won't try his place again.
Really great burgers.  Lots of nice menu selections with a Wisconsin theme and locally sourced ingredients.  Well thought out beer list, again with a WI focus.  Good wines too. We'll be back!
My burger experience in Madison has been absolutely phenomenal thus far.

The Fountain Burger is the way to go. Although it changes with the times, I just remember how rich the aged cheddar was on my burger. Throw in some of their special sauce and you have one of the best in Madison! Why stick with one burger joint when you can have them all??

They had a man playing the piano as well, which set a great vibe.
Very loud for my taste on a monday night, but the man working the bar was beyond attentive. I tasted the well-balanced Reuben and some gooey fluffy delightful battered cheese curds.