I can't believe I'm the first to write a review on this place. This place is tucked away behind a butcher/grocer called Segal's. I went for lunch and ordered a calzone. My wife ordered some slices. Though the ambience was very plain the food was delectible. Definitely worth going.

***I've noticed that recently they've added sushi to the menu...hmmm.
Well, I'll have to begin by explaining (in answer to Gene's question about the sushi/pizza combo) that this is a kosher place. No, that does not mean that a rabbi has blessed you pizza. It does mean that the cheese on the pizza is vegetarian (i.e. no rennet);

this is a vegetarian joint

and it has a zany and off-the-wall menu which now includes a Mexican night (Wednesday?).

I am a pizza snob to the core. King Solomon's has been hit or miss in the past as it has changed ownership a couple of times. I wanted to revisit today before writing a review. I ordered the lunch special- two slices and a drink for $5.99. The slices are AZ size as opposed to NY size. This is just fine by me- two slices fill me up nicely. The sauce is generous and flavorful. There was just a little too much cheese for me, which means it's light on the cheese for your average Zonie. The crust is thin and crisp.

I have heard mixed reviews concerning the Israeli platter. I have not heard anything about sushi or Mexican here.

Warning: KS is closed on shabbos: sundown Friday to sundown Saturday. Saturday night it opens and is subsequently flooded with families.

Great place. Go.
Yes I would like some French fries and falafel with my pizza. 

I just went here for lunch again, I go every few weeks. While the name may say pizza there is a interesting array of food here. Fish and chips, falafel and tuna pitas, Mexican food on Wednesdays and Sundays and many Italian classics. 

One of the biggest pros for me about this place is that it is all vegetarian, kosher too for that matter. So if its on the menu, there is no meat on it in it or even near it.

This time I had a flafel pita, the pita had a bit of a crunch from it's toasting on the oven, Inside the pita was some crunchy on the outside moist on the inside falafel, fresh cucumbers and tomatoes with a tahini sauce.  It came with a side of fries and additional tahini. 

I also had a small slice of cheese pizza, the crust is thin but has a nice consistency and the cheese is pretty good too. Every table has garlic oregano and red pepper but the Parmesan is missing.

There are fountain drinks and bottle drinks for sale, but no alcohol.

Note they are closed Fri night and sat afternoons.
Fish enchiladas or the 5.99 slices and a drink special. 

This was the dilemma I faced today, as Every Wed and Sunday is Mexican day. The Italian and other favorites are still on the menu, but you can also get an array of meat free Mexican dishes.

For 8.99 I had one of the priciest menu items, the fish enchiladas. Three talipa stuffed corn tortillas toped with cheese and green sauce, served with rice and beans. The rice was nicely seasoned and the enchiladas were full of fresh tasting fish.

My friends ordered a whole pie well done, and man it did look good.

This place is mostly veg (except the fish). They are kosher so they are closed on seemingly random days and Saturdays.

Most food is cooked to order and fresh, and fast. Nice staff and both bottled and fountain drinks are available.
Great Kosher pizza! One of the very few pizza places where I actually eat the crust as well. Full of flavor and a must try. Me and the wife ordered the Godfather. It was packed full of flavor!

Can't wait to try their other items on the menu!
The food here ROCKS!  I was a bit doubtful at 1st because this is a Kosher restaurant.  But I was hooked at 1st bite.  I've only had the chance to try a few of the dishes here, but it has all been very good.  The "garlic knots" a MUST.  The staff is super cool and very nice as well.  The complete dining experience.  I can't wait to get back there soon.
The amazing garlic balls alone are worth visiting Arizona!
Thank you, Yelp! If it wasn't for you, I never would have found this place that is 2 minutes from my apartment. I had never had kosher pizza before today and this is a great NY style pie. Having lived in Chicago, I'm usually partial to a heavy, thick pizza but King Solomon's found its way into my heart at first bite.

The restaurant itself isn't the most fancy place, but it has plenty of seating for customers dining in. Also, it's tucked back in a tiny plaza just south of Camelback Road so you have to keep your eyes peeled.

The staff was friendly and asked me how I preferred my pizza (crispy or otherwise). When I got home and opened the box, I wasn't blown away by the pizzas appearance. And then I tasted it... everything about it was delicious. I got a 14" with mushrooms, garlic, and black olives. They didn't go heavy on the toppings, which I prefer. There was a great balance between the sauce, cheese, and crust. My favorite part is the sweet, buttery trace that I can't quite put my finger on.

I'm from the midwest. I'm picky about pizza. King Solomon's for the win.
Well, I would love to have tried this wonderful food that I read about in the reviews, but I guess I never will.  King Solomon's Pizza lost my business on the first try by playing a game I absolutely cannot stand.

I ordered my pizza over the phone. I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes, to which I thought was pretty fast.  As the gentleman who was taking my order was ready to hang up, I said "Don't you need my name and number?". He replied that it wasn't necessary. That should have clued me in.

So, I drive over to pick up my pizza.  I walk in and I'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter.  I let them know I'm here to pick up my pizza that I ordered via phone and go on to describe it to them.  One guy tells the other what I ordered, conveniently ducks out as the other guy THEN begins to make it. REALLY?

So I stop him and tell him why did I order over the phone if they had no intention of making it until I got there?  He looks at me and all of a sudden can't seem to understand English and goes back to making the pizza.

Nice try JERKS.  I tell him to forget it as I will take my business elsewhere.

Apparently this is done because they do not trust the customer to show up and pay. This same technique was used on me before a Chinese restaurant in west Phoenix. 

Fool me once shame on me. Fool me twice, screw you!
Absolutly WONDERFUL pizza!!  This pizza was so delicious!  This was by far some of the best pizza I have had in a looooong time!   Crust was nice and light and they have a great selection of toppings and it is KOSHER!  Win, win!  

Small place with BIG taste!    

As for the one review about ordering it over the pone and having it not made when he went to pick it up, well, all I can say is just go in and buy your pizza in person.  They are a small busniess and I do not blame them for not trusting if someone comes in after they order.  That said, if this did indeed happen, I can understand the frustration of the buyer but again just go to the establishment and wait for the pizza to be freshly made and eat it on the spot!   It is worth the minimal wait and it was SO GOOD!  

Thank you King Solomon's Pizza!  Yum!
King Solomon's Pizza is one of the best restaurants in the country!  The pizza was amazing.  The garlic cheese knots are even better.  But the best part is Mexican night on Wednesdays and Sundays.  It is the only place I know of that has kosher chimichangas.  And they are amazing! (I know I say "amazing" to much.  But if you go here, you will to).  It sucks that I live 500 miles away from this place.  But whenever I get the chance to go back, as Arnold Schwarzenegger said, I'll be back.
We live 5 mins away and we've driven by sooo many times, but we've never been in. Let me say that I am so glad we corrected our mistake. We stopped in to order the 14' cheese pizza and it was wonderful!  It was as close to pizza from NY without going to the NYC. They also have a great 2 pizza slice and drink lunch special.
First of all, we are not vegetarians. We were driving around one Sunday afternoon and decided to look for a pizza place. We saw a few but none that stood out. We finally stumbled upon this little restaurant...nothing fancy but I don't really care anyway. The young kid at the counter was friendly and guided us to a table. The owner came and took our order. He seemed very humble and answered all our questions. I noticed they also had Mexican food on the menu. Hmmm...interesting. Maybe next time. Anyhow, we decided on one of their large specialty pizzas and an order of garlic knots? Not sure if that's what they're called but they were pretty good. The pizza was good also. I think they make their own dough. Overall, the food and service was good. It's a little out of our way but we'll be back next time we're in the area.
The pizza is good, although not the best amongst local kosher pizza places. They offer a great lunch special of a slice of pizza and soda for a discount. 

The Sunday and Wednesday night "Mexican" menu is delicious. Make sure you order early because 80% of the time, they run out of food by 5 or 6 pm.

The friendliness of the staff is hit or miss. Arturo is amazing and wonderful.
Mmmm....kosher pizza, fries, and dessert!  It's probably not the healthiest combination, but I can't complain one bit.  They know how to make good pizza and it's fun to go with a group of friends without having your Kosher-observant friend feeling left out.
This is a great casual pizza place.  We really enjoyed our cheese pizza.
Excellent pizza!  I ordered a 14" cheese pizza from the counter, it was ready very quickly, and it was very tasty!  If you like a New York style pizza, go check out this place.
The best pizza I've had in my entire life!!!
We ate dinner at Haifa Restaurant on April 18th. This was most probably the worst dining experience that I have ever had. We were a group of 7. From the moment that we were seated, we were ignored. We asked for water three times, and eventually had to stand up and walk over to the server to insist on water. We then asked for lemons for the water, and again had to wait 30 minutes and 3 requests to get them. When the meals were bought to the table, the one vegetarian at the table did not get her meal. Her meal finally arrived after everyone else was done with their meals. We asked for ketchup, and again had to walk across the restaurant to demand it of the server after 30 minutes. The server gave us a lot of attitude telling us that things were slow because all the food is fresh and made to order. Lemons and Ketchup are fresh and made to order?

The food itself was mediocre and expensive. If you want a far superior kosher restaurant in Las Vegas, try Kosher On The Go.

Yuck!
Not understanding the vitriol of the other reviewer, because I thought this place was pretty darn good.  We did show up at an off hour, though, so maybe service is different when the place is crowded.

We ordered a salad plate with hummus, baba ganouj, and turkish eggplant salad, and all were delicious.  In fact, the baba ganouj was really smoky that suggested the eggplant being broiled over an open flame, which is something they don't always do in kosher restaurants.  I was pleasantly surprised.

Dinner was Shwarma with a side of shoestring fries dusted in seasoned salt and Israeli salad.  The shwarma wasn't cut from a big wheel the way it usually is, so I wouldn't even call it authentic shwarma, but was spiced with a really interesting combination of spices and grilled.  Not sure what was in it, but it was definitely more turmeric than paprika.  It was delicious, and but for the few little bits of turkey gristle we got with it, I would call it perfect.

Drinks include Spring (Israeli juice drink) and several varities of soda.  Service is friendly and prompt.  Portions are huge (one appetizer platter and one entree were more than enough for our family of four).
Terrible service. The guy was very mean. I'm glad I am just a tourist. But don't go here. There are other great kosher places around town. Jerusalem grill has a friendlier staff.
Food was whatever and Service was horrible.  I had to ask for water, bread, etc.  When I received my entree, the steak Kababs I could not even eat them all as several were just fat skewers.  The meat was hard and very chewy and when I showed the manager he was like ok.    He did not even replace it or discount it at all.  He made it seem like I cooked it and served it to myself.  

I will not go back because it was not worth the money at all.
Ate here lunch and dinner on two different days. 

Quality of service depends on what day/time you're there as there is usually only 1 server working.  The restaurant automatically adds a 15% tip onto each bill, so be careful about over tipping. 

Food was generally good, e Yemenite soup was amazing and I'd go back there again just for this dish. Other entrees and apps are standard. 

The restaurant is a little off the strip, so if you go by cab, you should order one well in advance of when you need one on your return back to your hotel. If you're traveling by car, then it's pretty simple to get to. 

This isn't my favorite Kosher restaurant in Vegas, but it is the closest to the strip and the food doesn't suck. So I'll be going back again and again.
I am giving the 2 stars because the food is ok to either Take Out or have delivered.
But do not go there to eat in.
Service is very slow and poor.
I was there in the summertime and the AC was not working. We had to eventually give up and eat in the car.
Just had a lovely dinner there with my family. The service was fast and the waiter attentive. We were asked several times by the waiter and the manager about our meal. We ate at Jerusalem Grill last night and the meal here was far superior.
Fast service & delicious food. What more can a hungry person ask for ????
TERRIBLE. okay, so firstly, we ordered and all was good and fine... The woman assured me it would be a half hour. We ordered four orange chicken and egg rolls, combo salad and falafel and fries. 

An hour passes, and no delivery. I call and the woman assures me it's on the road but there is a lot of traffic..I look out our hotel window, there is very little traffic.

Another hour passes and no delivery. Finally my sister who is not afraid to speak her mind calls and asks what happened. The woman hangs up on her  several times when she puts her on hold. The laast time my sister calls back and demands that she not be hung up on. The manager cuts our bill in half and says that it will be there in 15. They were timely on that, but they didn't bring us the combo salad, which was my mothers entire dinner. Didn't bother calling back because clearly this place is a hot mess and its not worth another 20 min on the phone. Food was meh. Service was awful.
staff was very friendly. the absolute best french fries ever made. falafel balls were amazing as well. rated 3 because our steaks were not made the way we wanted them. otherwise great restaurant.
My wife and I went at the very beginning of dinnertime and it was slow in the restaurant.  The waiter, King, was courteous and friendly.  We ordered the falafel w/tahini appetizer and the grill combo for two entree.  Everything was cooked to our liking; the lamb was excellent, the beef was great (we asked for rare and it was cooked rare, not medium like some places do), and the pita was fresh.  The pricing was fine for a sitdown dinner ($50 for two people) and we will likely try this place for lunch before we head home.
I was dined in Haifa on May 13 with 2 more guys. 
This is probably the worse place I ever ate in my life! Food was not fresh at all and the service was really slow and bad.
I love innovative food. I hate mindnumbing bar food. So I was delighted to find this little tucked away Israeli restaurant in the middle of Summerlin.

The place would be really cute except they've got some of the harshest, most glaring lights ever seen in a restaurant. That might be okay for lunch, but I was there for dinner. (Hey owners! Ever hear of a dimmer switch?!)

First highlight was the bread! It's all homemade and warm and lovely. We also split an order of "Greekplant" which were thin slices of eggplant wrapped around cheese and pesto with these grilled sweet potatoes that were delightful.

For my main course, I ordered the Halumi salad which comes with Mushroom, red bell peppers, scallions, spinach and cherry tomatoes over baby mixed greens all sauteed in light soy and dijon. topped with halumi cheese (deep fried). But they were out of halumi cheese and promised it would be wonderful with feta. I loved the first many bites but somehow as I continued to eat, the taste became cloying. I could enjoy this is a half portion with a sandwich, but I wouldn't order it as a main course again. Also, at $13.99, even though the portion was large, it seemed expensive for what it was.

My date has the Tuna salad - Fresh mix greens topped with corn, cherry tomatoes, avocado, onions egg and our home made albacore white tuna. It was an unusual pink color...not sure why. It was very decent, but not something I'd go out of my way to eat again.

Overall, if you're tired of the same old bar food, give Panini Cafe a try. I'd like to go back and explore the menu a bit further.
Delicious - the only thing keep me from giving it 5 stars is that that prices are a bit high and the dining atmosphere is pretty bad.

The food is all homemade and FRESH.  Great bread, salads, and grilled vegetables.   I love their tomato sauces and salad dressings.  If you are willing to overlook how there isn't meat - you will not be disappointed with the food.  The restaurant seems a bit more lively at lunch, it is pretty empty at dinner time.

This restaurant is closed during the Sabbath and Jewish holidays - I would always double check before I head down there.
This place is a serious find.  Other reviewer is right.  Dining environs are very basic, but it feels so much like it's in Israel (except no sea view and open air) that I let that go.

Service is delightful and great israeli tunes playing.

We had two wraps, medit and the salmon avocado.  Both were amazing, and both were served warm, which was a great surprise.

My brother (who is in vegas visiting our mom with me) asked "what possessed you to go there."  And I said that in a town of booze and binges, you always know kosher restaurants deliver fresh and great ingredients.  More than true here, and also true that kosher standards carry higher prices.

Don't come for a great bargain, but the sandwiches are splendid and it's a cool place to hang out even if not the most elegant spot on earth. After the overkill of the Vegas landmarks, this place is a calm, tasty respite.
Amidst the chaos, rubbish, and wonderment of Las Vegas, lies a quaint, friendly, and truly awesome Cafe. 

The food here is excellent. Room For Improvements: Service

The food was fantastic. You can taste the freshness of its ingredients with every bite. I ordered the Malawach Pizza. I relished in its ambrosial smells and tastes, and it left me craving more. It is a perfect hangover food, and is exactly what I needed early in the morning, before the big drive back to Los Angeles.  

Another great aspect to this place is its commitment to vegetarian and kosher dishes. This is perhaps the reason why certain options on the menu are not available at a given time. Due to their commitment to freshness, quality and kosher foods, they will not serve the food unless it is without a doubt fresh. With no compromises. 

This place is certainty a well needed breathe of fresh air in the arena of healthy and quality restaurants. Their prices are reasonable, their dishes are delectable, their Israeli music is bumping, and their hospitality will always be engraved in my mind the next time I venture out to Las Vegas.
I was hesitant at fist. I stopped by and there was no one inside.
But never judge a book by its cover as they say...
I did not regret my choice of getting the salmon avocado wrap. It came with wonderfully delish cole slaw and thick cut potato fries. Scrumptuous from beginning to the end.
Left me wanting more.
Alas, this place is under new ownership. Food is similar, though some great israeli items went missing.  Still good quality.  Bizarre change, though is the prices. They make absolutely no sense.

I'm always prepared to pay more for kosher than not, that's fine, but it's most relevant where protein/meat/fish are concerned.  I can't comprehend any universe where a veggie wrap with goat cheese is $14.99 for lunch.  They tossed the old hummos wrap and now it's just a hummos/tilapia wrap ($17.99).  Bagel sandwiches are new, and they are about 25% cheaper than the wraps.  What sense can this possibly make.

Oh, Panini cafe, people will NOT come to lunch for a $15 sandwich in a place that looks like a very basic sandwich/take out joint.  

Come back to earth.  Find your footing.  Menu is apparently only 3 wks old. Our waiter (without prompting from us) apologized for the prices.

Create a lunch menu.  Make it rational.
very vegetarian friendly, a little less for vegans. Awesome customer service! Super nice! The food is ok i guess, a little pricey for what you get (a small side of fries is $6!). The ravioli is a little too al dente for my liking but their hummus is the best i have ever had & they have an awesome drink called orangnana (sp.?). Bottom line is this: I will definitely return because of the great customer service and the vegetarian friendly menu, but i won't go too hungry, i consider this to be one of my lighter dining options.
I recently went to Panini Cafe for the first time after learning that it was kosher and vegetarian-friendly.  As far as I could tell, the menu was entirely pescatarian (or pesco vegetarian) -- meaning the only meat options on the menu were fish.  This is exactly the diet I've been enjoying for the past few months.  The fish on the menu included salmon, tuna, tilapia, and others.  

My friend and I started with an appetizer of hummus and warm fresh pita bread.  Our hummus included sauteed onions, pine nuts, and olive oil.  It was delicious and we devoured it all.

As a main course, I got the Ravioli Athens, which is ravioli tossed with garlic and basil and topped with feta cheese and kalamata olives.  At $16.99, It was a bit more than I wanted to pay, but it sounded so good I couldn't resist.  And I was not disappointed.  I loved the flavors, and I appreciated the fact that it was kosher.  I also refrained from eating the whole plate, so that I took about half of it home and enjoyed it for another meal later. 

My friend, who ordered the roasted Creamy Eggplant (which came with a house salad), was also pleased with her meal.  

We had no problems with the service.

I would definitely like to return and try some other dishes on the menu.
I've past by this place countless times wondering if it was open. So glad I finally went in. The sweet potato sandwich is sooo good......
Been here twice now, and both times the service and the food were amazing.  The restaurant has been making the rounds on Groupon, LivingSocial, and the other clones, as well as on restaurant.com, so you'll never pay full price for a meal here.  The servers are very friendly and have been nice enough to bring some water for our dog, which they allow on their patio.  The tuna crustini is amazing and as I am typing this, I wish I had another serving.  My girlfriend and I have tried a few dishes and have loved everything we've ordered.  A+ Panini Cafe!
The food here was amazing, went for a lunch on a Friday and had a tuna bagel sandwich and some hummus with onion and pine nut. I also had a lemonade/mint smoothie/iced thing that was refreshing and different. My wife had a delicious panini with mushrooms that was even better than mine. So the food was great, why the three star review you say? 

Here's why I give Panini cafe two stars: I have never felt so uncomfortable in a casual restaurant before. Our server seemed annoyed that we didn't know what we wanted right away. There is also a language barrier with the staff that no one else in the cafe seemed to have a problem with because we were the only non-Israeli or European customers there. 

The service level went down from there. Our food was slow to come out which is amazing to me because when we arrived, there were only two other tables occupied and we ordered sandwiches!

Finally, while we were there two or three large parties showed up and we were kind of forgotten about. I had to ask twice to get our food boxed up and settle our bill.
Awesome kosher Israeli dairy meals, featuring an inventive menu and large portions that will fill you up, and breakfast is served all day. Even in Los Angeles which ranks as the kosher restaurant capital of America, there is nothing similar to Panini.

The closest rival might be Pico Cafe, but Panini is even better both in terms of food and atmosphere. Panini even offers free ample parking in a spacious parking lot. You would need to go to Golan in North Hollywood to find a kosher restaurant that offers more parking.
The food is wonderful!  The portions are good and there is great variety.  Service has always been good.
A friend and I stopped here after purchasing a $30 deal from Living Social. We won't be coming back. The guy had attitude with us from the beginning. We were going to order some spinach ravioli, they were out of spinach, no big deal. But when we said we needed a minute with the menu to pick something else, he ROLLED his eyes and walked away annoyed. 
Whatever, we brushed it off. We ate the eggplant appetizer and hummus, they were good, and then ordered some chocochinos which were tasty. Our bill came to $22, the value of our coupon was $30.  The guy came to our table and told us we has to use the full value. We didn't want anything else. We told him to just charge something and be done, we thought it was pointless and silly to order food that we weren't going to eat. Then we ran into a snafu because he couldn't find the name on his paperwork. He took my friend's phone back to the kitchen with him to figure it out. It took him like 10 minutes shuffling through his paperwork. My friend had to track him down to get her phone back, and he started telling her if he can't find her name that we will have to pay the bill anyways, but his tone was hostile and argumentative. Totally inappropriate. 
The young lady that was our server was great. She was sweet, apologized for his rudeness over and over, and we tipped her $10 and left. We won't be coming back.
Let's get this out of the way right now: This is a Kosher place and not TGI Fridays.

So don't expect the same type of service. If you've traveled the world, you'll be ok. 

Don't expect fast, over-friendly service and all the bells and whistles. 
1) Don't go there for atmosphere - It is in an non descriptive 3 stores "neighborhood mall".
2) Don't go there if bad grammar and misspellings offend you - The menu and signs are riddled with "foreigners" version of American English.
3) Don't go there if you're in a hurry.

Now, that we put all of this behind us...
The food is outstanding. This is (what I assume) a great Kosher place, from their menu and the fact that it is always filled with Israelis. The menu will be limited with the types of food you get (Kosher, hello?). Don't expect a regular cheeseburger (It's a no-no)... but expect a delicious fish burger. Did I say that the food is great?
The menu has extended over the years and I have yet to eat anything bad there.
The portions are very generous and, truly everything is just tasty!

As for the service? Effective. It is a small place with 1 to 2 Israeli waitresses at the most and this place can get crowded. They won't bring you the check unless you ask for it (Typically what happens in restaurants in the rest of the world). They won't rush you and they won't be fake. They will be friendly, but won't be your best friend. Don't go there for therapy, go there for great food and to take your time without someone asking you every 5 minutes, if your food is ok.

Reminder: Closes Friday at Sundown and all day Saturdays.
get the mushroom appetizer i forget the name
but its stuffed with cheese and pesto sauce staff is courteous and prices are cheap.
The service sucks big time... we had to wait 20 mins for someone to take our order... we ask for water to start with and the glasses smell like fish... nasty... they kept bringin the wrong stuff... everyones food on the table came except mine... they messed up my order... seriously?? the place was a nightmare... food wasnt even that good... after the long wait for my food.. the guy said my food was complimentary... of course not... got charge... i had to reming the guy 3 times abt the ice coffee order which tasted like milk... no coffee... sucks sucks sucks... never go there
The Minty drink. They don't even correct me when I say it. I definitely recommend giving it a try.
Whatever. I love Panini Cafe's Tomato/Avocado/Feta Sandwich. Its so basic, however the bread, freshness, and side salad really are a big hit for me. It is a bit expensive for a sandwich, so I probably visit Panini Cafe 50% less than I would have if the prices were lower. Its my 2-Month Treatyoself.
Quiet little cafe with amazing food. Had the portabello sandwich which came with a nice salad. It would be a little pricey, but it was enough for two. The mint lemonade drink is delicious! I'd go back for just that alone! Service was great, attentive, but not overbearing.
I havent even got the chance to eat here. They do not keep normal business hours and do not stay open the hours that are on their door. Its really weird and has been closed mid day during random times at least 3 times. 

I will eat here at some point but for now, I can just say im frustrated with their inability to operate under set hours.
I'm in love with Panini... wish we had one in LA. The food is AMAZING.  Our server was really nice too.  The menu is enormous, but every time I've gone I have loved my dish.  The only negative... theyre closed on saturday nights... Come on Vegas... you really need to work on having something kosher open on a saturday night!!!!!!!!!!!!
I often end up here...but not by choice.  Kosher-eating family + limited Las Vegas kosher restaurants = many, many Panini Cafe visits.  It seems like every restaurant in Las Vegas serves meat, shellfish and bald eagle (kosher joke, ha ha?).

The menu is dairy kosher (meaning they serve dairy but no meat) and focuses on mostly Israeli-style cuisine with some pasta and sandwiches thrown in for good measure. I generally order the Creamy Eggplant (roasted eggplant with marinara and cheese), hummus (soo good) or the Nicoise salad (okkayyy).  They also serve fish if you're lookin' for some protein.

Overall, the food is decent and healthy but, I wouldn't come here if it wasn't Kosher.

Please note that if you wear a red halter top to this restaurant you're going to get some HARD and COLD stares.  It caters to the Orthodox of Summerlin.  

They are also closed from Friday evening and all day Saturday.
No bread
No meal
No water
Potatoes when asked for none
Rude
Literally ordered food and never received it.  Everyone else in my party did, but I was somehow forgotten.  When I inquired on the whereabouts of my food, the server actually ignored me...twice.  THen, they charged me for the entree I never received.  Unbelievable.  NEVER going back.
This restaurant is worthy of many more than 5 stars!! My husband and i were staying in Las Vegas We finally looked on yelp and saw how crazy everyone one was going for this restaurant so we gave it a shot. The restaurant was so clean and welcoming we felt instantly at home. The service was great food was out within 10 minutes.  Can't say enough about the food WOW! He had a  Fish shawarma wrap which was just perfect.I had the Salmonini and salad AHMAZZZING! The salad could have not been more perfect all in all it was such a great night. What we really loved about this restaurant is that it wasn't just observant Jews eating there it catered to everyone. This is a not to be missed restaurant for Breakfast lunch or dinner. You are paying for quality and that is definitely what you are getting.
I love the pizza.  
Onion and pepper pizza from here is absolutely delicious. 

Reason for only 4 stars is thwy dont know how to take directions. There is always something missing. Which is bad when its $20 for 1 pizza.
Twice ive ordered a pepper and onion pizza and twice its come with only peppers. Or ive ordered lite sauce and its extra saucy.

The actual inside of the restaurant has a very elegant but simple decor. Usually empty when I go.
staff was incredibly nice. food is so amazingly good. the best dish we had was by far the stuffed mushrooms. we could not get enough of those. if the chef is reading this, i MUST have the recipe. i keep trying to remake them but i haven't a clue how...
the waitress suggested lemonana (green drink) and although i was skeptic at first, i'm so glad i tried it!! i wanted to go back JUST to get that drink (and of course for the mushrooms). pasta was great, eggplant ok. it's a local place so we chatted up a couple and sat there for over 2 hours! such a pleasant atmosphere.
One of the major highlights of my trip to Las Vegas is always going to eat at Panini! We eat there two to three times each trip, and I wish they had a place this yummy in Los Angeles! The french onion soup is delicious. I also love the ravioli. They have a great Israeli breakfast, too. The atmosphere is cute, and it's always an enjoyable experience. Highly recommended!
The shakshuka was off the hook! Great place, friendly staff, nice atmosphere. We enjoyed it very much. The best dairy kosher restaurant in Vegas!
ARE YOU SERIOUS!? Growing up in Israel i know israeli food and these guys are liars if they say they know what israeli food even is! The service here sucks! As soon as inwalked it it took 10 minutes for someone to notice me! I order the malawach... Theyre out! I order a pizza... Apparently no more cheese... I order an omelet and it takes 15 minutes?
Bad service. Bad attitudes from the owner that approached us after too apoligies but ended up yelling at us... DONT GO HERE
Delicious Delicious Delicious...wanted some of everything on the menu!!!!
Sababa is a kosher mediterranean restaurant; appropriately, it offers minimal flavor and maximal hand washing facilities.
I liked that as soon as we walk in there, we hear all the employees yelling at each other in their native tongue (Israeli?). 

The falafel was good. But I don't get how people say its supposed to be healthy. Yeah, its just a wad of veggies, but its deep fried, man. Anyways, it was tasty. I got a falafel salad plate. The salad was like typical mediterranean salad (cucumbers, tomato, whatever), but the iceberg lettuce was kinda wilted in the middle of the day. The dressing was good, though. 

Even though people were yelling at each other, I'm sure it was with the lovingest of words. The joint seemed to be run by a family. And I like that.
Coming from NY, I was skeptical to find someplace, anyplace, that had at least half as decent ethnic food as back in NYC.  Someone told me about this place, and I decided to go check it out. 
 
It is a Kosher Mediterrannean restaurant.  They are observant, hence the seperate sinks for washing your hands before you eat.  It is not required, but one should be courteous.  Nuff said.

The food.  I was impressed.  The falafel was pretty good.  (Nothing will top Mamouns in NYC in my opinion, but this ran a very close second).  The schwarma was deleicious.  Warm, juicy, and fresh.  Just go ahead and get it with all the toppings.  You won't regret it.

Bourekas were ok, again, not the greatest, but I think that was because I was set on having the mushroom ones and all they had left was sesame (it was about 8:30 on a saturday, I believe they close at 9).  

All and all, it was good.  I would definitely go back.  I'm glad to see food like this showing up in the Valley.  Definitely makes me a little less homesick, for sure.
Excellent falafel. 
Very good shwarma.
Decent hummus.
Pita is so-so.
They have an awesome hotsauce.

The best thing on the menu in my opinion is the steak kabab though it's also the most expensive.

Observes sabbath and Jewish holidays.
Really terrific falafel, hummus, shawarma and kabobs!  If you like spicy, definitely try the hot sauce.  It's homemade and has a great flavor.

The owner is really friendly and accomodating.  All of the people who work there are great.

I have never seen anyone use the sink in the dining room.  I thought it was decorative!  Oh well, we usually get our food to go anyway.

I have to keep reminding myself that this place closes early on Friday (3pm, I think) and is not open on Saturdays.
Hands down the best falafel I've had in Vegas!!  That's not saying much cuz the 6 other places I've tried it were all below par.  Then again, I too have been spoiled by Mamoun's in NYC for so long.  

AND they have shawarma on a spit!!  Not some chopped up lamb they put in a pan and call shawarma.  Its the real deal, baby!!  The pita tasted like it was freshly baked. Not 100% sure on that though.

My only gripe are the prices.  $11 for a falafel and hommus plate seems a bit much but when they're the best one around my area I guess I'll suck it up every once in a while.  I plan on getting the shawarma salad the next time I go.
Note: This review is based on a visit that happened some time ago, before I was active on Yelp.  So although this is not based on a recent experience, it was still an experience that made me not want to give this place a second chance.

A friend and I visited this place in hopes of trying some good food we've never had before.  We're open to try just about anything.  Unfortunately during our visit, we were never really given the chance to try their food.  Upon entering we see a menu with lots of food items that we had never been introduced to at that time.  We let people go ahead of us in line to give ourselves a chance to scan the menu for things we wanted to try.  After a making our decisions we stepped forward and placed our orders.  

At least, we think we did.  We looked at one of the workers in the eyes and told him what we wanted, and he acknowledged us; maybe not the food we ordered, but he acknowledged the fact that we were talking to him.  My friend and I shrug and continue moving forward in the line and get ready to pay.  Now for some reason, we became completely invisible to the employees.  We tried to see how much our meal was, tell them what we ordered, etc.  We were flat out ignored while the people in front of and behind us continued with their business, ordering food and then paying for it.  The two of us stood around confused and tried to get someone's attention to confirm that our order had been placed.  No such luck.  

After getting frustrated with the customer service, a customer comes up to my friend and asks if his drink contains milk (we had stopped by It's A Grind and he had a frozen coffee drink).  We confirmed that milk was an ingredient, and the customer asked us to leave and finish the drink outside due to the restaurant being a kosher establishment.

Having spent the time waiting in line, ordering, waiting to pay, being completely ignored and then being asked to leave by another customer, my friend and I left out of frustration.  This is the only time I've left an establishment frustrated and disappointed without even experiencing the services/food that they offer.
No doubt the BEST falafel in Vegas!

Not sure why some of you out there are haters, but maybe you should try it again.  Everyone I have even taken there has been really satisfied with their meal.

This place has phenomenal falafel, truly the BEST I have ever had (by the way, I am not from Vegas but moved here for a short 1 year stint from LA... so I have had plenty of falafel in my time)...

Its Kosher, so no milk products of any kind, but some cool Israeli soda drinks available and the made-to-order falafel is awesome, hummus heavenly and pita is really, really light and delish!!  The hotsauce is some heavely spicy green thing that is on fire, the extras on the sandwich are great!  Shawarma - YUMMY.  Hummus - mmmm, mmmm good!

OK - I am not Kosher (with a name like Kristin, hard to believe, I know) but I think this place is awesome.  Almost makes me want to be Kosher, so I could justify eating here daily...  

Super fresh food, clean, quick.  The guys behind the counter a friendly.  Big ups for this place.

Only draw back, closed Saturdays (which is when I tend to have my falafel cravings) and all Jewish holidays...
I had a pretty strange experience at Sababa.  A friend and I arrived around 2pm, so it was after the lunch crowd was gone.  There was one woman eating on a table and there was just one guy running the place (at least that was visible) and he was in front of the counter.

He was a nice guy and gave us each a sample falafel to try.  It was good and we ordered our food.  The food was mediocre and I was really surprised to see that my part of the bill was $17!

I found the place to be overpriced and a little on the bland side.  It made me a little nervous that there was only one guy there and he was taking orders, preparing the food AND handling cash.  I just got a weird vibe from the place in general.
I wanted to try something new, something I've never tried so I decided on Israeli food so I stopped at Sababas. I can not say that this is the best falafel in town since it's the only one I've tried. but I can say that it's really good and I will stop for more!. Staff is very friendly and helpful since I was not familiar with the menu. The place was very small so it looked kind of busy. I had my food to go but next time I'm planing to eat there.
Interested in trying an awesome Kosher place? Or some good vegetarian food?

Well, hey, hey! I absolutely dig on Sababa! Although the only thing I have ever had is the falafel sandwich. It is a pita with hummus, falafel, hot sauce and veggies (choice of lettuce, tomato, cucumber, pickles.)
They also offer Shawarma, hot dogs, cold cut sandwiches, and baklava. The baklava I tried was really good too! I believe I tried three different pieces. Yumm.
I've tried hummus and falafel at just about every place i can find that has it and Sababa's is EASILY the best.  Well, the falafel has a competitor in a place in CA i had once, but the hummus is seriously the best of the best of the best.

Other than those, I think the only other thing I have tried is the beef kabobs... Pretty expensive, but also one of the best ever and well worth it.  

My only complaint with the place is the ordering/eating/paying system  - especially when it's busy.  That's the order - order first  at the counter (which can be a little chaotic), then go sit and eat at a table, then pay at the register.  

So the flow is a little awkward, but not enough to give it less than 5 stars for the best hummus, falafel, and kabobs, i've ever had on a consistent basis for the 4+ years we've been going there.
Delicious food! It is a bit on the expensive side, but worth every penny! Their falafel is out of this world, as is their hummus, pita and kabobs! The owner is super friendly and always checks on us to make sure we are enjoying our meal.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!
Did they change their falafel recipe here?  I think they did.  I just had lunch here and it was really "meh".  $16 for a shawarma (which after cutting the off the spit still needed to be grilled for an additional 5 minutes) and falafel platter.  Pita was really tough too.  Forget it.  I'm done.  Guess its time to check out Mad Pita!
This is the best falafel in Las Vegas, and I spent the summer in the Middle East so I totally feel qualified to tell you this. The owner is an intimidating macho Israeli Sabra type, though, the other reviewers do not lie.

It is, however, miles better than the other kosher falafel place.
Ate last night and was greeted by an abrupt and annoying middle eastern man that seemed to mean well, but wouldn't leave me alone as a studied the vast selection of dishes.  If I had to guess, he's probably Israeli, and these people have an abrupt way about them -fine, no prob.
I eventually just told them what I was looking for, and they suggested some sort of chicken plate.  I also had a snapple, and given this is basically a falafel stand, I was pretty surprised to be charged $22 for what I had ordered.   Given the food was mediocre AT BEST, and given it was served in a foam container in a fast food enviroment, I was dissapointed on the value front.  I've had WAY better middle eastern food at a fraction of the cost whether it be Lebanese, Persion or Afgan..
Anyway, the part that really ruined the meal for me what fact that the other very kind (non-middle eastern) gentlemen who served me actually handled my pita with his bare hands, and he had two old, worn dirty band-aids on each of his thumbs which certainly came in contact wtih my food.  Absolutely disgusting, and totally lacking in any sort of basic food-service hygene.  
The original guy was so annoying I didn't even bother bringing up the issue, I just tossed the pita bread in the trash when I got home and wondered how much food this guy touches with his dirty band-aid hands.
All in all, $22 for a crap experience.
We loved eating here.  The staff was super helpful assisting us with our order.  I'm a vegetarian and my boyfriend eats only meat so we are totally challenged in where we are going to dine.  This place was perfect.  Awesome falafel!!!  The staff even gave my boyfriend a falafel sample to draw him since he is frightened of healthy food.  And guess what? He found out it was awesome.  Thanks Sababa's!
One word. SALTY! They seriously  need to watch the amount of salt they put in their food.

I ordered the shawarma in pita and I've never had such a salty meal before. I've lived in the middle-east (Bahrain) my entire life and shawarma's don't taste this salty or are so over priced in that part of the world.

If you're looking for authentic its definitely not here.
I got pretty much exactly what I expected when I hit up Sababa for the first time with my Groupon.  They were overstaffed and I felt like I was at a used car dealership and not a restaurant.  Without really having a chance to review the menu, they were telling me what I should get.  Who am I to argue, though, so I got their mixed platter.  Pretty much everything they make is on the platter, and it was all really good.  But the entire meal, I kind of felt like I was being watched by the staff.  In their defense, they just wanted me to like it.  But instead, it made me think, hmm, not sure I'll be back here before they do a Groupon deal again...
Decent Israeli restaurant here in Vegas.  Falafel were ok, a little salty for my tastes but the shawarma more than made up for it, it was delicious.  And the pita were excellent, still soft and warm.  The houmos was good to, it didn't overpower the shawarma.  To preface this, I just moved back to the states from a period of living and working in Israel, so I was kinda of disappointed that they didn't have Laffa.  Overall, a quite decent Israeli restaurant that I will come back to when the craving hits and I'm on that side of town.
For the past several times that I've been coming to Vegas and to the Vons Shopping Center (not certain of the name) I've noticed Sababa. Actually, I never knew it was called Sababa since what really jumped out at me was the Falafel + Pita + Soda deal for $6.95. I've always had a penchant for Middle Eastern food and kept hoping we'd stop by one day since we always go to Easy Life, which is located in the same plaza.

So during this past trip, I really had a hankering for something Middle Eastern and kept hounding my sister about it. We were supposed to go to Zaytoon, a Persian eatery/market but the name and location eluded me at the moment so we came here instead. I had entered the restaurant with the aforementioned deal on my mind but once I was inside and glanced upwards at the menu I had no idea what I wanted. The owner who is Israeli and definitely loud and proud about his restaurant immediately asked if we've been here before and we told him "no". He then gave my sister and me a falafel ball topped with a dollop of houmos to try out exclaiming that it was the best in the world. I've never particularly liked falafel since it's a vegetarian item and I need my meat but I'll admit it helped whet my appetite! 

We ended up ordering the Sababa Special, which the establishment touts as the "Ultimate Pu Pu Platter." For $17.95, it came with falafel, houmos, kababs, pita bread, shawarma, and salad. It was alright and the portion seemed small at first, but I got full off it even though I had to share with my sister. We also ordered a four piece appetizer thing that came with some bourekas and other stuff. I would have liked the houmos to have been less salty and the shawarma to have been beef (they don't have lamb here) rather than chicken. 

The service was also pretty good since the workers were pretty attentive. This place is like a hybrid of sorts since it's not entirely fast food but it's also not exactly a sit-down establishment either. You need to order at the counter but you have the option of paying upfront or after you finish eating and must pay at the counter regardless. They bring the food to you and they come to you to ask if you need drink refills but there are no designated servers.
awesome falafel!
This is my go-to place for kabobs and falafel.  Also their pita is hands down one of the best I've had.  It's fresh, warm, and chewy.  When I moved to Vegas, I was worried that I would not be able to find a good kabob place, but then my friend told me that owner of the place we frequented in Boston (Rami's) opened a place in Vegas. I was so excited, and thought it had to be fate.  It just doesn't get much better than this!  I know several people commented on the price, but I don't mind paying more for quality food.

I would say that the Sababa special is enough to feed two people.  It's a great sampler if you don't know what you want.
Lately I've been eating here about once a week, so not sure why I have yet to review this place. I have a bestie that is a vegetarian. She convinced me to try falafel for the first time and I love it here! It's always fresh because you can watch them cook it after you order. The hot sauce on the falafel pita is amazing! It's quite hot so be careful. The crunchy pickles and veggies also add the perfect punch to the savory pita. The $6.95 falafel pita +soda is such a deal for lunch.
The hubby and I shared the Sababa combo platter (~$18). It has 2 pita breads, hummus, falafal, turkey shawerma (yeah I know unusual, right?), and beef kabobs all preceded by a medium-largish size salad.  We also ordered fries.  The salad was good, they make it to order with the ingredients on the cold bar and with tahini dressing, yum!  turkey shawerma--interesting; It wasn't dry but I guess I prefer the beef/lamb type.  hummus--tasty; nothing out of the ordinary. pita bread--not the greatest; I don't think they make it there, it wasn't warm. falafal--really good (def. order these) crunchy on the outside soft and flavorful in the inside. beef kabobs--these were the best item on the combo; juicy, flavorful, but too small.  I wanted more! Fries--standard; came frozen from a bag.  The thing that irked us was their hours.  They are really inconvenient.  I understand that the owner must be a devout Jew to close at 3pm on Fridays and all day Saturdays.
This place has the best pita sandwhiches i have ever had.  Their pickles and hot sauce are my favorite ingredients.  The only thing that sucks is I typically want to go on Saturday and they are not open.
I have to give this a low rating, The owner Has another Restaurant in Mass. and is doing alright, Partly because he has the quick to the Strip locations, and yes Religios Jews DO come to Conventions....but, The Shwarma is put on his Greasy Black Griill, and he is almost as goos as Copperfield with his Magic, we had a party of 6 with 2 kid's, he will tell you he gonna make you a little this a little that and some Pita and Salad, with canned soda we were presented with a 180.00$ check!!, all but the couple that knew him from Boston got HOT, we actually got him down to 140.00 bucks, but c'mon...God is watching ALL of us Romy!!
Their beef shish kabob is by far the best kosher beef shish kabob in the US. It's delicious.
Their falafel and shwarma are ok.
Had the chicken shawarma with hummous, falafel and salad - everything was excellent.

Came with a big, soft piece of pita bread which was also amazing - most pita you get tends to be hard and thin, but this was soft and fluffy and great.
Came here at lunchtime...but since I hadn't rolled my dissolute ass out of bed more than two hours prior, it was really breakfast. What do you order at a Middle Eastern joint for breakfast? I had the falafel pita and a cup of black tar sludge, aka Turkish coffee. It was GREAT! 
The falafel pita was jam-PACKED with all kinds of chopped up veggie stuff and was truly delish. The sludge was thick and tarry, just the way I like it.
The staff was friendly and downright jovial, and the facilities were clean and pleasant. The atmo was somewhere between the typical suburban Vegas strip mall aesthetic and a Tel Aviv Starbucks: bleached blonde JAP on her BlackBerry in the front, Hasid on his MacBook Pro at the table in the back, Israeli snacks and Mentos for sale on the counter, good times all around.
I will DEFINITELY return to this place for lunch/breakfast/whatever...dinner maybe not so much, since the menu WAS kinda pricey.
I like this restaurant because it is a good place for mixed groups of vegetarians and meat-eaters.  I had a mushroom boureka, and it was an amazing little pastry of buttery, flaky, savory goodness. The spinach boureka was also good, but I could have had about 5 of the mushroom. My husband had chicken shawarma, which he said was very tasty. The man behind the counter also gave us samples of the falafel, which I found to be flavorful without being dry in that oh-my-god-this-falafel-is-going-to-choke-me way. 

Yes, it's a bit expensive, but many of their food items take longer than the average hamburger to prepare, and I'm ok with that. Plus things like Phyllo dough aren't exactly cheap. Since I'm not going to take hours to put together something so yummy at home, I don't mind paying a bit extra when I feel like a special yet casual lunch.
The food is alright, but a little pricey, and it wasn't as inviting as I'd like. Let's put it this way...I haven't gone back since, but think it's a fine place...
Their food is fine. Their prices are too high for what you get. I won't go out of my way to eat there but if I'll be in the neighborhood and  have the craving for this kind of food, I'll eat there again.
Simply great food, that is tasty, healthy and inexpensive. Vegas doesn't have many places like this. You should go.
As a long time resident of Boston/Brookline and Rami's fab middle eastern food on Harvard St. in Coolidge Corner, I was so happy to find Rami in Las Vegas!  Now that I'm living in Los Angeles, I ALWAYS make it a point to visit Rami's Sababa restaurant here. The kababs and the Rami's Special plate is not to be missed... it has a little bit of everything and the perfect meal. The toughest ting I have to do is figure out what I want to eat when I am there.  And oh, the place is always SPOTLESS. Go there!  You'll be glad you did!
I can say they have the best falafel in town and they are very clean..
Had lunch and dinner here over a couple of days. 

The food is typical middle eastern. I was shocked to taste mint in the schug, but it was a refreshing change for the dishes. 

I'd ore any of the kebabs or skewers but would stay away from the soups and Schwarzwald. 

This was w best place I dine at in Vegas so I'll definitely be coming back. 

There is ample parking but the location is a little hard to find as its in the corner of a power mall with the Vons.
Mmmm! Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!! Great food, and even better staff!!!! You guys are the BEST!!!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  The staff is great and they remember you every time.  The falafel and shawarma are the best in Las Vegas!!
Hands down the best pita I have had.  I will be dreaming about this pita and planning when I can make it back for more.
My friend and I shared the Sababa Special Platter, which was a great way to sample so many items at once.  The falafel was quite good, but my favorite was putting a mixture of the spiced beef kabob with the hummus, "hot sauce" and salad in the pita.
Service was friendly and we were greeted with a free sample of the falafel dipped in hummus.  Our platter was plenty of food for 2 people for $17.95, which I thought was a fair price.
The food is absolutely amazing. Being originally from Israel and living in NYC for 22yrs we've had quite a few different shawarma and other israeli food. The flavoring and service at Sababa was full of love and just delicious. The best we've had ever.
Hand down Best Falafels!!!
This place has the best falafel sandwich in America.  The pita bread is great. The hot sauce is spicy and flavorful.  The veggies are crisp and fresh. The hummas is creamy and flavorful.  And finally, the pickles are amazing.
This place is expensive. So expensive that I just don't go anymore. However, the food is noteworthy.

The advertised falafel sandwich is the only thing I'll get, when I feel like I have some cash burning a hole in my pocket for one of the cheapest foods to make ever. It is plainly delicious. The pita, right off the bat, is spectacular. Thick on one side, thin on the other, and it just soaks up the tahini sauce poured all over the interior perfectly. The salad tossed over the falafel and stuffed inside is also delicious. Everything is just right. It's honestly the only item worth it on the entire menu for the price... sort of.

Everything else isn't bad. Their grilled meats are tasty, but expensive. The chicken shawarma is dried out and tired, and expensive. The service is acceptable, if you can call it service. Location is convenient if you're in that part of town. I mean, really, why else would you be there?

Did I mention it's expensive?
BEST Falafel in Vegas!! 

Every falafel I try I compare them to "The Falafel Drive-in" in San Jose Ca. I grew up in San Jose and always compared Falafel's to the Drive-in and when I moved to Vegas I thought I would never eat Falafels again until I found Sababa's

I still love San Jose but Sabas does things that FDI doesn't and vis versa so I can't chose a winner but  Sababa's makes me feel like Im home!
Good food.
A little expensive.
They do a very good job overall on food and service.
They do delivery to hotels as well.
You could eat all your meals here if you are in town for a few days.
Only negative is that it is a drive from the main strip.
But if you are staying in town and have a rental- take a drive out.
As a traveler who has had the pleasure of eating good food in many cities and countries around the globe I have to say this is one of the best places I have had the pleasure of eating. 

The food is extremely fresh and wonderfully flavorful. Rami is a gracious host and clearly has a passion for his food. I had a family style lunch with 4 people in which Rami brought a salad, falafel, hummus, pita, chicken, steak and 2 sodas. 

Lunch was beyond good...so much so I tried to eat the plate. Now I will say the meal was pricey $23/person but the fact that Sababa is Glatt Kosher (glatt technically means the lungs of the kosher and kosher-slaughtered animal were smooth) which might account for the higher than average cost.

One thing I will say the food is nothing in the range of average it is absolutely divine :) I highly recommend eating here.
While I understand where the negative reviews about pricing are coming from, the food at this place is phenomenal.  I was in Vegas for my fiance's 25th birthday with a couple of her friends, and we stopped at this place on our way back to Phoenix.  They gave us a couple of samples of falafel for free; i usually do not like falafel but these were small and crispy with a tender inside - best falafel i have had in the states.

For entree, I had the Shwarma - salad- hummus plate, which came with a pita ($15).  The portion size was pretty damn big and the price was reasonable considering that its Kosher and a  big portion.  The Schwarma was good, the hummus was great, the salad was nice since I got to choose what ingredients I wanted.  I really enjoyed my meal.

However, what my fiance ordered is really what makes this spot 5*.  She got the beef "kabob" with fries and salad ($22).  While it sounds expensive, this "kabob" was kosher rib eye steak (the best kosher steak, period) marinated and grilled to perfection.  The owner asked me how the steak was and when I said it was great, he noted that "those kabobs are how I made my business."  I see why.   My grandpa is a kosher butcher in Detroit and I have had many many kosher steaks in my life, but this one had the best flavor of all.  Again, a large portion - if I had to guess, id say it was around 12-14 oz of meat.  The fries were also delicious.    I strongly suggest that you order this if you come to this place.  While 22$ seems like a lot, remember that kosher rib eye sells for about 18$/pound at a supermarket.

For dessert, they brought my fiance a piece of baklava with a candle in it for free (i told them when i ordered that it was her bday), which was a nice surprise.
Very good. That's all I can say. My favorite is the falafel homous pita. Everything is fresh, and delicious.  A little pricey $6.99 for falafel homous pita with drink, but very filling and well worth it.
Awesome. Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made. Get the Sababa Special and share it with a friend, it's big enough to split!
Over priced and no flavor in anything that I ordered. Once you step in the door they swarm you and pressure you to order. I spent 50$ for lunch! 2 chicken plates and side of hummus! One of the worst places in Vegas! By far...
I love this place, I loooove Israeli food but sometimes the meat is dry. Best falafel in town makes up for it. A bit pricey but the portions are great. 

I always forget that they close early on Friday's for Shabbat and I find myself sometimes jonesing for a good hangover meal on Friday or Saturday :\
First time trying Isreali did and was not disappointed.  The Shawarma was amazing.  I ordered the combination salad plate,  with the falafel and houmos. Excellent choice.  Food had great flavor. Will be back for more.
I'm a sucker for shawarma and you really have to be one to enjoy this place. I get that the owner is in a location and makes a product where he CAN charge that much, but that doesn't mean you have to. The good thing is that you pay after you eat, so you get to have a date with some shawarma before you get _____ in the _____.   

Seriously though, the food was delicious. I rocked the shawarma houmos salad plate, which is pretty self-explanatory. The shawarma was spiced, moist and had that crust that I love. Note: it's turkey meat. The houmos was also excellent. The kind of 'mos that you end up dipping everything in. 

The place itself has about a dozen tables and looks like every other take out joint in town. There's a TV on the wall if you are rolling solo. 

Again, the -1 star here is for price and because it says 'healthy falafels' on the wall, which is a pet peeve of mine (deep fried = not healthy). I'll be back, regrettably, bc sometimes it's OK to get your ______  ____ed for some decent shawarma.
They charge $20 for delivery on top of whatever your food cost. I live 3 miles away. ripoff
This place has the best falafel found in Vegas ! Great service, and they even let you sample a falafel. Decent prices and their hummus is definitely up there!
Best falafel and shawarma in Vegas. I crave Sababa regularly, especially their hot sauce. Everything is fresh and delicious.
Sababa is a great Israeli restaurant. the shawarma is great and their falafel is best in town. the place is super clean and food is super fresh.
The only reason I gave it 3 stars and not 5 is because they are ridiculously expensive!
The small but most annoying thing about Sababa is their take out soda cups are so small ($3) with no option for a large drink. I always have to either buy two sodas or get my soda somewhere else. sounds stupid, I know, but it is a deal breaker for me when I want to get food to-go. they have free refills so when I have time to eat there its not an issue. but be prepared to spend about $20 per person for a shawarma plate and soda. 
Other than the high prices and shot size soda cups the food and service is great.
I go there once in a while. when I can afford $20 on a fast lunch.
I was impressed with the food. It was great quality. I was not impressed with being charged more than told when ordering. They tell you to sit down, and then they bill you later after you have eaten. The crystal geyser water for 11 cents at Costco is $1.95 a bottle. Pretty crazy. The highlight of this visit was the friendly service. Prepare to be over-charged
Sababa has pretty much beaten out all the other Kosher eateries out there in Vegas. And theres's a reason why...the food is fresh and delicious! It is a clean eatery, with the salad bar protected by a panel of glass and the schwarma grill on display so you know exactly what your food will look like and how it's handled. 

The portions are good for the price you pay and the service is accommodating. It is worth the 20 mile drive my husband and I make out once in a while when we know we want a good Israeli dish. My personal favorite: Beef steak plate  ($22)....very juicy and well marinated in my opinion!! 

The reason I give it 4 stars is because the food and beverages are very pricey.
If you want a great falafel pita sandwich I recommend this place! The hummus and shawarma are great too.
Food good, but jerusalem grill better and closer to strip, but sababa was half the price and great salad.
Very nice place!
Clean up and the best service in Vegas 
Little bit expensive but worth every cent
nice staff. very casual. baby chicken was great. burger was excellently made. very fast food-ish
Fantastic middle eastern food, excellent for lunch or dinner.

I have only one critique, but it is a notable one.

When you come into the restaurant, unless money is no object, order directly from the menu.

If you come in with 4 or more people, a lot of times the (very nice) staff will offer to just make you a dinner for 4 with a little of everything. They are so nice, and it sounds like a good way to decide what to eat.

The problem is two-fold. One, you many times are still a little hungry and there isn't much to take home. And two, when they give you the bill for your little "dinner for 4" you will pass out from the price.

Unfortunately we had this happen 3 times with parties of 4 to 9 people before we learned our lesson. And they tend to get a little hostile when you object.

So just remember, order directly from the menu and you'll enjoy a delicious meal without any sticker shock.
Had the falafel, it was probably one of the best one I've had. All fresh ingredients, they build it right in front of you and the spicy sauce they add to it is awesome!!! Sorry no picture this time it was sooo good that it didn't have a chance to get a picture taken.
Very clean place!!!! Friendly staff! Food is amazing here! The falafel is the best I've ever had! Def worth the drive and u will leave here feeling happy and refreshed from eating such great food:) 5 stars all the way!!!!!! Kosher is the way!
When my girlfriend and I first walked in, there was nobody behind the counter, but three people were sitting at tables. One was (I assume) a customer, though he had no food. The other two people were employees. After about 20 seconds of wondering what to do and a few weird looks from them, one of them stood up and went behind the counter to help us.

As we decided on our selections, the guy behind the counter gave us two pieces of falafel to try with the hummus. It was delicious! It was also the only positive thing about this experience.

We decided to try the falafel sandwich meal that is advertised on the outside of the building. The man behind the counter grabs two pitas and slices them with a blade. He then tucks it in nicely to make a pocket for the ingredients, all of this with his BARE HANDS. My girlfriend and I looked at each other with the same realization: he never washed them from sitting at the table in the lobby on his cell phone. When I asked for hummus in my sandwich, he rudely stated that it came with it. Okay, not a great first impression. But maybe he was having a bad day, I thought. He proceeded to add ingredients to my sandwich that I did not want, and he did not ask me, though he did ask my girlfriend. Weird. He then literally threw our sandwiches in a bag, slammed the bag on the counter in front of us, gave us two drinks, and gave me the total. About $17. 

While hesitant at the thought of his unwashed hands making our sandwiches, I asked if he took American Express because it wasn't on the list of accepted cards near the register. He gave me a loud, rude "yes" right in my face that actually took me aback. He then flicked my card on the counter and threw the pen for me to sign. I don't know what was going on, but it was very weird, angry, unwelcoming vibes coming from that place. Never again.
I came here years ago on a whim driving by and was kinda excited to find this place again after moving to this side of town.

It is a Kosher restaurant so the hours are not what we are used to in our normal daily Vegas, however the food is worth the wait and the drive.  Kosher is a BIG meaning and covers a lot of knowledge. I will not begin to explain but a bit of reading on the subject wouldn't hurt.

The food here is amazing, I remember asking my Man if we could drive the 30 minutes to go get the "Shawarma" no go.  So when we moved in this direction and I found it again it has kinda become my cheat day, not that is is bad for you but OH So Good!  I believe the Shawarma combo is the best for me I love the long roasted meat shaved into your sandwich.  I also really love the falafels buy a couple for 50cent a piece with a bit of Tahini, amazing fried goodness!  

The service is not really quick everything takes a bit to cook (because it is Kosher) and the prices are bit high, but most really great places like this are and there is a reason.  The reasons are prep, time, seasons and accountability.  I feel the safest place to eat in the world is here because they take it so serious.  

So the portions are huge that makes up for the price, the price isn't bad I thought... The meat is moist and delicious and plenty of sauce and veggies to make it all rhyme.  ask for the hot sauce but if you are weary about it ask for it on the side I ask for it lightly and I like heat if that says anything! LOL
This is my favorite Middle Eastern place! I live in LA and always get my chow here when I am in Vegas. The owner used to own Rami's (his name) in Brookline, MA and I missed him when he moved but since I live on the west coast now, I go there all the time. It's consistent and delicious! Go there!
I love everything about this place...The atmosphere is very welcoming. The food was amazing and finally a good place to eat meat ;)
Very good food BUT super expansive for what you get!!!
For what we ordered the price was extremely high and not realistic for this type of food and restaurant.
The beef kebab was really good and the chicken very yummy. 
But again the price is not right ;)
Did a search for Turkish food in yelp and the various places that I ran across did not sound right, this place did. Sadly, it was not turkish food.

There were also no hot servers, matter of fact, there were no women.. all guys... smallish kind of place, clean... felt family run, of your family was all guys. Definite weird kind of "I've got a deal for you" vibe once I walked in.

How is a beef shish kebob platter like $24, but the one size down version is $14? I mean a $10 difference means I better be getting some really hot chick to deliver it to me, or at the very least put something on the plate worth $10 extra dollars.

The food was good, but I think it was more of a kosher food place than a middle eastern place, which I know is difficult to identify, but it was definitely not a place that I would have found myself in unless I was looking for something like that. I was under the impression that it was something else, but I did not come out of the experience scarred or hateful, rather, I am probably not going to go back because of the prices.
The best Mediterranean food I've had I'm Vegas. The falafel is the bees knees; it's so moist. Their hummus is amazing too. I also love the friendly staff.
Another fun day at DMV. So to kill time I went to this place because they're reviews looked good. Not very many glatt kosher places in vegas that actually taste good let alone good Israeli/jewish food. This place was great! Service is great and food is SO fresh. They have a salad bar and nothing looks like it's been sitting forever. I got the shnitzel and a red cabbage and cucumber mix salad. This place is far from where I live but it is def worth the drive.
Typical Israeli restaurant even the owner lol. I am Israeli so you feel like you are back home. The falafel is great and the pita was full. The price was right for the falafel even if you never had it and want to try it for $6.99 with a drink. They even have a machine that spits the falafel into the fryer......I wish I had that at home. The owner was cool and funny. If you aren't Israeli you might take that the wrong way. I will for sure come back.
Awesome falafel pita - even better smothered with my favorite babaganoush. Throw a little hot sauce, I'm a happy girl.
I stumbled on this out of the way place on my way to Red Rock Canyon.  What a delight. Without a doubt the best falafel sandwich I have had in years. And I am a native New Yorker who knows good falafel.  The pita pockets are unique -- spongy, fluffy and light -- and seem to just melt into the sandwich.  The falafel is fresh and just the right consistency -- not too crispy or dry.  And they will stuff the sandwich with your choice of fresh condiments.  All for $6.99, drink included.  Friendly and helpful staff just add to the fine experience. My advice is to make the effort to get to Sababa.  You won't be disappointed.
Yummy food, clean restaurant, nice atmosphere! The beef kabob and falafel are very good. Prices are reasonable.  Recommend coming here for some authentic and delicious Israeli food!
The prices are high for the food they serve here. Clerk was kind of pushy and not that nice
Falafel pita sandwich special, please and thank you. Moist falafel, pita that manages to be both fluffy thick and thin, tasty tahini. This sandwich is so big I have to use a fork.


And don't skip the spicy sauce! Yum!
I have passed this shop many times (right on Durango).  I finally stopped for a Falafel sandwich to go.  It was so moist with a great mix of fresh tomato, cabbage.  Absolutely the best Falafel I have tasted.  YUM!!!
Like most Jewish-owned restaurants, this place is closed on Saturdays, so plan accordingly. I have tried to go here before but the early close time on Fridays (3PM) has foiled a few of my efforts as well. Worth pre-planning to get your shwarma fix.

Ordered takeout, staff was friendly, chatty, and quick.
Shwarma combo plate with salad, hommos, and falafel ($15) was two meals, and priced well when you consider that adding on the falafel is only a dollar more for 5 pieces- a la carte pricing is 2/$1. Falafel plate with hommos and salad ($10) is also an ample portion, and each plate comes with their own fresh, warm pita.

Shwarma is turkey, per the menu notes, but sliced and grilled fresh with good flavor. Falafel is crisp, hommos is creamy and topped with olive oil and parsley, and the salad is legit: fresh lettuce and cabbage, topped with tiny-chopped tomato, onion, and cucumber, and doused with a good amount of tahini dressing.There's no feta, but that probably carries over from the kosher dishes. I added some myself at home for extra oomph!

They also have burekas- small square pastries stuffed with potato, spinach, or mushroom; the latter is my favorite, highly recommend.

Side tangent: Not sure why this place hypes up falafel as healthy. As others have said, although it's vegetarian, it IS fried so calling it healthy is a bit of a stretch.
The falafel here is good.  The guy who served me did not wear gloves to prep my good which grossed me out a bit but the hummus was good and falafel fresh so I got over it.
The food here is okay but the owner/cashier/cook/busser/host is extremely ride and has no idea what service or sanitation is at all! After touching the register he begins to hand toss the salad with his unwashed hands.... Not only over price but not clean either!
I just moved here from israel and was missing some shawarma. let me tell you how disappointed I turned out being. I really feel like this place should get an F for being so dirty. the same guy that just cleaned the table went to go make me salad without washing his hands or wearing gloves! Yuccccck! Plus the menu prices and the price he charged me were totally off! Shame to call this kosher and Israeli food
After reading the newspaper highlight of this place, I decided to check it out since it's so close to my work. The newspaper article might explain why the place was so busy today.

The staff was polite and courteous, however they were very busy. We still got our food in a reasonable amount of time, the time it took to get the bill is another story. 

I had the lox platter which included cucumbers, olives, a pickle, tomatoes, lox, red onions, cream cheese and a bagel. It was delicious! The lox were fresh and thick, not skimpy scraps like some bagel places tend to have. The pickle was so fresh you could almost think they had pickled it the day before. I also had a side of potato salad, which was a little bland for my personal taste, but I'm used to southern potato salad with Mamaw's sweet pickles in it. My coworker enjoyed the pastrami sandwich and said it was wonderful. 

There was a lag in the time it took us to pay our bill because of their credit card systems going down, but I'm not going to hold that against them. I'll more than likely do take out next time!
My family and I walked into Levy's about 3 minutes before their closing time, 8:00, anticipating sub-par service and food. This was anything BUT the case. When we walked in, we were warmly welcomed by the Chef, our waitress, and the owner. We were promptly taken to our seat and given our menus.

The menu was generously-sized and offered a nice accoutrement of deli classics, such as deli sandwiches, and several dinner entrees, such as the stuffed burger.

I ordered the hot open-ended corned beef sandwich with gravy, my dad the stuffed burger with mushrooms, and my mom the stuffed cabbage. To start, I ordered a nice bowl of Matzo ball soup, which was good, but not the best I have tasted. My mom ordered a nice salad which was pretty good, and my dad the split-pea soup, also good. We promptly received our meals, and were genuinely surprised about both the quality and quantity of the food! Each meal was nicely proportioned, and came with a choice of sides, which we got potato salad (Not that good). My sandwich was tremendous, as was my dad's burger, so we opted to split ours and share them. The Sandwich was tasty, although I wouldn't get it again, and the burger was delicious, as it was served on what seemed to be a round slice of challah. After gulping down our meal, we asked if we could buy any bagels to take home, but alas, we arrived close to closing time, and they had already thrown them all out. However, they let me in on a little secret, if you come at 7:30, they will give you however many and whichever bagels you want, for FREE! The bill came and it was very reasonably priced for the amount of food we received. After we paid, the waitress gave us a FREE loaf of Challah (Jewish braided bread) and were ecstatic. We talked to the owner afterward briefly, and left the restaurant, pleased, and full. :)
I really like the personal feel of mom & pop shops like this. I can see their hardwork in the  food quality, which is top notch.  The bagels are definitely superior to the hum-drum standard fare available in Vegas (The lox is super! - already noted by other reviewers).  
Levy's is definitely a gem. I'll definitely be going back to them for another delicious homemade meal.
4 times during the year, I have to work weekends intensely. I'm talking about a 7 day work week, 200 conference calls, at least 10 hours a day...yes that is quarter ends for me. During these weekends, I like to make myself feel better by getting an amazing breakfast and coffee to start the day. 

Cutting the long story short, I ended up at Levy's because Red Velvet didn't open early enough (they're right next to each other). This is a bakery/deli run by Jewish people. Lots of interesting items like Challah French Toasts, Pickled Green Tomatoes and for the omnivore, Matzo ball chicken soup etc. I ordered oatmeal with brown sugar and bananas and a plate of fruit. To go. 

The order takes about 20 minutes to prepare. They have about 5 people working in the kitchen and 2 tables of customers. It's oatmeal guys...and cut strawberries/cantaloupe. Not rocket science. 

Then came the drama of getting the bill. The woman at the counter was going on and on to a customer about the woes of AMEX fees. Yes...they are high...you can choose not to accept AMEX cards. I was going to use my AMEX but decided against it. After a 20 min wait for food I had no patience to listen to a tirade against a credit card company. She asked me what I had. I said "Oatmeal and Fruit." She rang me up at $5.95. I paid, left a tip and was ready to gather my items when suddenly she wails..."That's not it! You got the fruit plate...that's more!" I ask her how much I owe. She spends another 5 minutes playing with the calculator. Really guys? It's a calculator. The bill came up to another 3 dollars. I gave her 4 and ran out of there. 

I was going to give them 2 stars for the above mentioned experience, a $10 fruit and oatmeal breakfast (very steep) and also because I thought the bagels at Einstein's looked more appetizing than theirs...but then when I got to work and had the oatmeal...it was really good. Thick steel cut oats and brown sugar in a milky concoction. They redeemed themselves just slightly. Maybe they deserve another try.

They are a local, family owned restaurant and serve lots of interesting and traditional items...I mean, how many Jewish places are there in town to eat at right? But they need to get their act together. Most customers don't really want to know your gripes with credit card processors and don't need to wait 20 min to get oatmeal and then wait another 5 min for them to perform simple math. 

 I thought Red Velvet Cafe was slow on the service but these guys are probably a little worse. I might visit again only if Red Velvet's closed!
The food was great here.  Very fair prices.  The place was clean and well maintained.  Everything was great here and I would have given them a 5 star review, but the woman behind the counter was a little gruff, like I was bothering her.  She was probably the owner and may have lost her enthusiasm, but it showed.  Good food and clean restaurant.
Had brunch here a few weeks ago with my wife. As usual we split our meals. 

I ordered a breakfast burrito with avocado, green chiles, and bacon. It came with two sides; I chose a sesame bagel with veggie cream cheese and sliced tomatoes. It was all good but forgettable. The breakfast burrito was kind of small but was about the right size considering it came with two sides. 

My wife got the Challah French toast stuffed with bananas. It was quite good and was some of the best French toast I have had recently. Overall we enjoyed our meal, but I am not sure we will be back as there are better places in town.
This is a very good mom-and-pop Jewish deli with owners who have years of experience in the biz. They have good salads - whitefish, chopped liver, herrings - good homemade knishes - and a great bakery section with fresh challah (very good), rugelach (excellent) and hamantaschen (pretty good).
Oh, and I forgot the bagels, which are awesome. Other items I've eaten include the excellent bagel dog, which is wrapped in an onion bagel dough; Cabbage borscht - good with chunks of beef; matza ball soup - good with nice chunks of chicken and vegetables, but I've had slightly tastier at Bagel Cafe; latkes- good; kishke - okay, better at Carnegie Deli; the gravy for the kishke was an interesting lighter gravy than the typical brown. The stuffed cabbage is good as well. Surprisingly enough for a deli maven like me, I have yet to try their pastrami and corned beef sandwiches; however, rave reviews of their corned beef hash were posted on the wall. 
For my money, Levy's and Weiss Deli have better smoked whitefish than Bagel Cafe, which is too chunky and lacking the necessary smokiness. Owners are very nice, especially if you know your way around a deli. Almost a five, just for all the homemade Jewish goodness and variety here; however, could use a few more traditional Jewish dinner entrees.
Great reubens and bagels here! The staff is really friendly and makes you feel at home. I don't buy my bagels anywhere but here.
This is the 2nd time I've been cross town and tried this lovely Jewish Deli.  The bagels are worth the drive from Green Valley!   Indeed, I was taught as a young girl growing up near Fairfax that water bagels were the only way to go.  Recently  I've been sick and wanted a memory of my youth - homemade Chicken Soup.  It was wonderful.  Even took extra to take home and had it again for dinner.  The Motzah Balls were like grandma used to make.  The right amount of flavor, not too fluffy and not hard as golf balls like Aunt Elaine's!  Two men seated near us suggested the brisket sandwich.  It was terrific.  Not like the brisket nicely made at Whole Foods smothered in Bar B Q sauce, but flavorful in its own right, cooked just right served on 2 lovely pieces of Jewish Rye.  No, the sandwiches aren't piled 1' high like that other place in town.  Who needs 1500 calories for a sandwich?  Here you find exceptional quality at a fair price.  Don't forget to ask for extra "half sour" or "green" "new" pickles.  I'm a huge fan of the crunchy dill pickle.

I travel to Summerlin once a month and look forward to my next visit.  Hope to go early and experience an old fashioned Jewish breakfast!
Levy's Deli was truly as good as it gets.  My aunt died last week and all of us came to Vegas from all over the country.  I was put in charge of catering the shiva after the funeral. Marie was an angel, the food was beautiful and plentiful.  

The challah is excellent, as is the rye.  The rugalach is old school, flaky and delicious.  Definitely not the crap you find in the grocery store.  

Honestly, I wish that I could visit Levy's again.  They rival any L.A. Jewish style deli.

Thanks again Marie!
My third time to Levy's.  Today we had lunch.  

On my first visit we popped in for bagels and coffee.  No lattes, cappuccino, or espresso. BOO! However, the bagels are perfect! Boiled first, as a good bagel should be, creating a lovely outer shell with a chewy center.  Toast it, slather with butter and cream cheese and voila! Breakfast of champions.  Good coffee too.  Admittedly, I was hooked.  Went back just days later for another awesome bagel.  Stick to the regular cream cheese.  The veggie cream cheese dissapointed....really just bell peppers mixed in.

For lunch, I had a half chicken salad sandwich on an everyhting bagel with a "cup" of chicken and brown rice soup and a soda.  $13.  Served with a delicious pickle too!  I use the word "cup," but it was bowl sized if you ask me!  The chicken salad is creamy and yummy with big chunks of chicken.  No canned or shredded imposters here.  The soup was served HOT which makes me happy! 

Momma had a turkey reuben on housemade rye bread.  Approximately 1 lb. of meat piled high; served with pickle and choice of potato salad or coleslaw.  She claims its the best! And I quote,  "Deeeeelicious!"

Friend had philly cheesesteak.  Wasn't a fan.  Bread was good but meat was bland.  Expected...shouldn't order an Italian sandwich in a Jewish deli.

We also had 3 raspberry butter cookies.  These buttery shortbread treats melt in your mouth!

Service is friendly and attentive but slow.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry.  Things take a little longer than they should but worth the wait!

Also, Levy's has a big menu.  Breakfast with corned beef hash, pancakes and more.  Burgers, salads, bagel dogs, lox, knish, perogis and so on...

Can't wait to go back!
Their challah lately is giving Weiss a run for it's money! Excellent!
I stopped yesterday to buy some bagels in my quest for better ones than I get at the big chain.  I had a salt bagel this morning, and it was quite good.  

I really look forward to going back and having some lunch.  Levy's appears like it will be my stop for bagels more often.
This place was just ok. I'll probably never go back, though. I got a bagel dog and it was huge but it was too much bagel and not enough anything else. There werent any sauces or spices to jazz it up and it definitely fell short. Also got a "linzer tart". It was a flavorless short dough tart with some old raspberry jam on top. They shouldnt call it a linzer tart because its quite far from that.
Service was terrible and not accommodating of dietary needs. What I ended up with, because they wouldn't substitute anything was a very small and way over-priced meal. Server knowledge also lacking, which could've been fine, but information was made up to tell us what was thought we wanted to hear. When it turned out it was the opposite of what "we wanted to hear," the server THEN checked with the kitchen, who magically gave the opposite answer. We also sat for 5-10 very long minutes while the server started the two tables that walked in after us.  It was just a really annoying experience for what should have been a quick lunch.
This place would not last a day in New York. The owner is an absolute moron who thinks he has perfected the way to cook meat. Until you actually try the meat. He might serve you a pound of meat, but 3/4 of the meat is laced with fat. I ordered the brisket and a cup of matzoh ball soup. Well Robert Levy uses lipton cup of noodles in his soups, not real noodles. His brisket was texas style, tough and fatty, not even close to Jewish deli standard-bearer Carnegie. The place was empty at 12:30pm which should tell you something. Go to the Mirage and spend $5 more and you nwill get a real "jewish" deli standards. This guy should have stayed retired.
Any deli that can make me think of home is a keeper in my book. This place would've been 5 stars had it not been for the owner who is a complete prick.

When I walked in there was only 1 old couple eating lunch and I wanted a few pounds of deli meat and a half dozen bagels. Not only did it take 10+ minutes I also basically got berated by the owner for asking for a sample of the corned beef. I am pretty picky when it comes to corned beef and wanted to make sure it was worth the $13.95 a pound before I paid. He acted like I had just taken a shit in his cereal and I found it to be in poor taste...even if I had dropped a deuce in his wheaties. 

I'll be back here often, but I really hope the owner either stays away from customers or learns that the Jewish deli business is about getting to know your customers and being a kind human being.
Was a really good pastrami sandwich, even the potato salad was good! So was really surprised that this little deli could pull off a nice lunch for a change... Prices were a bit steep but I understand because they use quality ingredients! Will be back again.
Wait...this place was voted "Best of?" (It even says it on the outside of their building.) This place was decent.  However, it in no way can compete with Bagel Cafe.

A friend of ours recommended this place, after he had discovered their bakery cookies.  We decided to get breakfast.

I had 2 eggs scrambled with bacon, onion and cream cheese.  It was very good.  The price was perfect.  

However, my husband had a bagel sandwich, and we were a bit disappointed.  For a place that prides themselves on being a NY deli, their bagels are pretty bad. Sorry. They're small and flavorless- my husband described it as being "just like those 'Lender's' bagels in the freezer section."

Their bakery treats are very good though.  Macaroons and Chocolate Susans are awesome.  I wasn't a fan of the Mandel Bread.  The bread itself was great, but I don't like chocolate chips AND raisins in it.

For the price, this place is pretty decent.  Come here for the bakery, or some brunch, but dont come to have a great bagel.
I would have loved to review the food here but unfortunatly I never got the chance. My wife and I went to Levy's yesterday around 12:30 with a groupon. When we got to the empty restaurant we were seated and handed the waitress the groupon. She informed us  that the ticket was only for dinner and that dinner started at 1pm. They are only open until 3pm on Sun and Mon. The coupon was for a potatoe pancacke, 2 sandwhiches and 2 drinks. I asked her if there was a different menu for lunch and dinner and she said no it was the same. She said we could hold onto the coupon and use it next time we come. I was amazed that they would not honor this coupon for 30 minutes in a dead restaurant. I asked to speak to the manager who came over to us with such an attitude. She did not even say hello or ask if she can help. She just told us that they dont serve dinner on Sunday and Mon and that the coupon was only good for tues-sat. When I told her that it did not say that anywhere on the coupon she told me that they have the right to make up whatever hours they want on it. I informed her that I work swing shift and my only days off are Sun and Mon and she said that was not her problem and we should have called first to see what hours they would honor the coupon. Right then and there I knew we were dealing with someone who had no clue  about customer service and gave up. Being a native New Yorker and always looking for a good jewish deli, I was very disappointed that we didnt get to try  the food. I would not go back there if the meal was free. With so many choices in Las Vegas a place like this does not deserve to be in business a minute longer.
I found the best Kosher style Jewish deli in Las Vegas; don't know why owners were keeping it a secret?

The restaurant was almost 80% full; yet two servers were greeting/sitting/talking orders in polite kindly manner. Rewarding to see workers in service industry conduct themselves in professional manner, I would assume owners influenced and or trained staff. I saw other customers piled high assorted sandwiches being served and wanted to check out deli meats in display counter; same as being in Smith's, owner offered me a sample tasting of juicy corn beef, which being from New York was like a letter from home. When my sandwich arrived I couldn't believe my eyes, plate was large and sandwich which had to be over a  1/2 pound of New York deli meat hardly fit on the plate, in fact French fries and other sides couldn't fit on same plate therefore were truly side dishes. Probably most generous portion of deli meat I have ever attempted to eat, as a matter of fact I couldn't finish and requested like so many other customers I saw requesting take out box. Pickle was crunchy, rye toast grilled just right with juicy corn beef made wonderful eating experience, although $11.95 for  1/2 lb sandwich sounds expensive, but after eating in many other Las Vegas, Florida, CA. or east cost deli's with higher prices and receiving my selected satisfying sandwich, I feel good about my choice, didn't mind price paid and can't wait to try a mouth watering Reuben or Angus brisket on my visit. 

 

Young couple eating at table next to me had turkey sandwich and home made matzo ball soup, bowl had real fine egg noodles which weren't instant Lipton's, matzo balls, vegetables and of course plenty of chicken; women's turkey sandwich was stacked so high, like me, she too requested a box to take home generous balance portion of sandwich. I heard one comment from another customer using high quality food items "I don't know how owner can make money giving such large portions". Many of the customers were senior citizens from east coast area brought up eating in delicatessens  and know what they want understanding quality and value. Besides eating there today, many of them were placing catering plate orders for upcoming holidays, I am sure its not the same as mothers  cooking and every bodies tastes is different, however if restaurants can get food consistently close to what one remembers as good home cooking; that's worth little extra money spent. 

 

Because Levy's Bagel & Deli was so busy today, they had to bake additional amount of assorted bagels, so on the way out I picked up a dozen to take home, owner informed me, slice bagel in half before freezing, following morning put in toaster for fresh tasting delightful bagel made the old fashion New York boiled and baked method way. I now understand why LVRJ posted two excellent reviews and Yelp recommending Levy's is one of the best spots in the city along with "People Love Us on Yelp" seal posted on window.  Yes some have written negative reviews confirming you can't please all of the people all of the time, but satisfying the majority isn't bad, I would recommend Levy's and plan to frequently return, only way to find out is try for your self.
We had a coupon from groupon, so that is why I think the stuff we got was less than if we bought it at full price.     It came with two potatoe "pancakes" more like hockey pucks! very dark and hard.     The sandwich we both got was pastrami and because they had two prices $9.95 and $11.95 ( the coupon was for $10.95) we opt to pay for the 1/2 lb meat instead of the 1/4 lb meat.   I swear, that we got ripped off and got the smaller one!   The server brought me the sandwich with coleslaw on it, so I returned it.     When he brought the sandwich it was pretty small for $11.95 and the server said it was "weighed" first.     The woman at a table across from me ordered the same sandwich and it was so big she couldn't open her mouth to eat it!     I will go somewhere else and order pastrami to take home.   Not going to pay $25 for 2 sandwiches!!!
Some of the best bagels and baked goods in town! Friendly staff behind the counter, the place is always clean, and they have yet to run out of my favorite bagels in the morning. I have no review for the waitstaff as I have yet to dine inside the deli, however, I do wish to change that soon.
Once again, Groupon makes me try new places. I had the dinner for 2 Groupon and decided to check it out when I saw beef tongue sandwiches on the menu. I love the stuff (so much that my dad once brought me back a full pound of beef tongue from NY while on a business trip) and hate driving all the way to Carnegie once a year for it (and paying the marked up prices for it). The sandwich here was just as good, the price was way less, and the service was great. It's quieter and a fabulous alternative to Carnegie. I will be back very soon!!!!
We came here the morning after New Years because they were dedicated to being open while all the other restaurants in the shopping center were closed. We were happy to find someone open because we were starving! 

 I should have really tried their bagels because that is what they are known for but I was hungry for something salty and sweet. I decided to go with their Monte Cristo sandwich to fill that craving. It was a huge sandwich it could have been easily  shared by two. I could barely eat half of it. The meat was good quality but I was hoping that the raspberry jam would already be in the sandwich. Things got a bit messy when I tried to put it on myself. If you have had a Monte Cristo at Memphis Barbecue I would consider that a better sandwich . Levy's version was still good but I think the difference was with the jam. The one at Memphis's had more zing to it. 

When we were leaving they had a nice display of breads that was hard to pass up. We left with the Challah bread pronounced holla...if I remember correctly.  It was too bad that I missed the 1/2 off table near the door before I bought the loaf. The Challah looked very pretty and golden  but  the taste didn't blow me away because it wasn't as soft as I thought it would be. I'd like to try some of  their bagels in the future.
Not sure how I've missed this place, the sign caught my attention.  The pickles are absolutely great, the kosher salami sandwich terrific, and the bagels rate an A.  Now if only they served Kreplach soup (see my other reviews).

Highly recommend the place, not inexpensive.  The waitress might want to consider slowing her pace from 80 mph to 25 mph :)
"BEST OF LAS VEGAS - DELI  - REVIEW JOURNAL EDITOR'S CHOICE 2011"    

Well set the Delorean, because my experience here wasn't the best of anything.  

To be fair, I didn't try any of the items they're probably known and liked for (namely Bagels, Stuffed Cabbage, Corned Beef).   Went here for lunch with a friend and decided to just go with a classic Club Sandwich.   My friend ordered a side of fries so I grabbed a handful of those as well.   

The club was okay overall, the ham and turkey tasted fine and there was plenty of it to enjoy.   The bacon tasted gristly to me though and not in a good way (sometimes I can like gristle).  I actually pulled out the bacon from the 2nd half of the sandwich and just straight up removed it.   You read that right:  I REMOVED BACON FROM A CLUB SANDWICH AND AVOIDED EATING IT.    It's, it's.... it's just not right  The fries were, for lack of a better word, awful.   I'm drawing a blank thinking of a fry I'd rather not eat again. 

Last but not least was the price.  My sandwich was $12 before tax.   I'm not against paying $12 for a flawless sandwich, but just thinking about the other eats even in the same shopping center I could get for $12 (let alone the extra I paid for a drink) and my head starts to hurt.

YOU RUINED BACON AND FRENCH FRIES LEVY.   Be happy with your 2.
I'd call this a place worth stopping at if in the area, but not good enough to go out of your way to get to. It has some decent qualities and a few let-downs. 

Let me start with the positive, I like the quality of their bagels. They are chewy, without being CHEWY, if you know what I mean. They has to be some pliability in a good bagel, but not so you're feeling like you're chewing on a piece of octopus.

I really don't care for how the chairs hit you in the back at just a right height to make you feel as if you're being held up. It makes eating discomforting. This is bad.

I do think the service was friendly though it got to the point where I felt I was checked on enough that I didn't feel bad when I finally just, umphed and nodded instead of starting a conversation at every interruption. As for bagging things up, I didn't see any plastic, but lot of paper - so pretty good on the eco-friendliness. And the atmosphere was warm enough, though deli-esque.

I do find it odd they have a little TV right by their beverage station. TVs are eye magnets. Why draw attention to the visual clutter of a beverage station?! Very odd. And let's see, the slaw was mushy, the whitefish a bit too fishy, and the platter veggies were way too thick for easy eating.

I didn't sample a whole lot from their deli counter, but it looked well provisioned and the chocolate covered macaroons incredibly so. I did get a dozen bagels, and when I got to twelve, waited to see if they give out a Baker's Dozen. Indeed they do. Always a nice touch.

As an aside, i did manage to get into some trouble while there. You see, there was this cute, little chick who kept eyeballing me, So I'd wink and she'd smile and well this went on until my wife BUSTED me. Flat cold. Mid-wink. So when she turned to look at her, she says, "oh, so that's who you're looking at." Ah the moment of truth. And then she adds, " Why she's not even a year old and she's little angel" and then she vaults into a chat with the mother and grandmother and auntie. 

Man, that was close!

So my vote goes to stopping in if you're in the vicinity, but not put them on any culinary bucket list.
Levy's is probably my favorite Jewish deli in Las Vegas.  I'm a big fan of the pastrami, the bagels, and the lox.  Wait staff and owners are very friendly.  Highly recommended.
As a reward to all Rex's readers for his recent Review of The Day...Rex will bless you. Rex will bless you like he did those thousands of people when he was pretending to be an Archbishop.  You tell one priest that you aren't into Altar Boys...BOOM...defrocked. Rex would have been pissed if Rex wasn't melting down candelabras and turning them into Iphone parts.  All good things must come to an end...soon Rex was roaming the countryside...the cities...the beaches...the dumpsters of the Northeast. From Maryland to Maine Rexy was a seeker...a poet (Roses are Red...Violets are Purple...this doesn't rhyme F U!)...a part time amateur dentist...and full time stud.  These were great days. Rex was alive. Rex was kept by chubby women looking to "work off" the winter weight. Rex for 3 days was Chief of Thoracic Surgery at Mass General...until he threw up inside a heart transplant patient.  It was during this time Rex fell in love. Twice. First was with "Three Eyed" Karen. Oh, how I miss Three Eye...looking into her blue eyes...and the one weird grey one on her neck.  The second was bagels.

To people outside of the Northeast they just don't understand the beauty and wonder that a great bagel can provide.  The perfect bagel is slightly crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. It can be served as is or sliced and toasted. It can hold butter, cream cheese, lox, cold cuts...almost anything. The only incredible sadness of great bagels is that one day later you have a hockey puck...or you need to slice them thin and bake them to make chips. Still...for that one day. That one great day. You have a circle of perfection that makes that wedding ring on your finger seem more stupid and meaningless than you already know it does.   

As with most foods in Vegas it is very, very tough to find a great example of a food delicacy.  For about 3 years Rex "Bagel Genitals" Marvin refused to even buy bagels in this town. Rex denied a part of himself...much like he did for those 6 years he didn't buy Donna Summer commemorative plates. Oh...the dark years...so dark...so cold. Rex digresses...Rex sobs...Rex moves on...no bagels for Rex for 3 years...until...a very good friend, Dr. Slash "Degree from Antarctica" McCutter, invited him to discuss his latest...um...troubles...to Levy's Bagels and Deli.  Rex reluctantly ate the bagle handed to him, an Everything...after explaining to Dr. Slash that he would end up tied down naked in an ape habitat after giving the apes Viagra, Monster and more Viagra...after seeing the small smile on his face as he protested his fate...and then begged me to do it...Rex was worried about the quality of Levy's. From the first bite all those great memories of eatin bagels with Three Eyed Karen came rushing back. Rex was home...and not the home where had his hand broken for giving the thumbs up to his drain cleaning fourth step-father...oh no...this was the good home...where he tied down his fifth step-father and had a large neighbor lady with horrible gas pains treat him to the sounds of the musical fruit...for 5 hours. Ah...good times.

Levy's bagels were perfect. Rex went on to try several other flavors all were very good. The best savory being the Onion and the Everything. The garlic needed more garlic and the Poppy was never a favorite of Rex's.  The best sweet was by far the Cinnamon Raison, while the Blueberry was good but not great.  

The real revelation was the rest of the menu. First THEY MAKE THEIR OWN CREAM CHEESE! For those of you who never had homemade cream cheese you will never eat that store crap again. You will use it for grout in your tub. Second, the Challah bread French toast was great and the stuffed Challah bread French toast was even better!  The omelets were good, the pancakes were good. Rex has never been there for lunch but the breakfast food are excellent. 

The bad...good portions, not great, good specials but nothing that made me have to come back for a good deal, and the waitress service was a little slow. Sadly, the Knishes are frozen and brought in...and they taste it. Lose it from the menu or make it fresh. The Lox, which I think was brought in wasn't great, and if it is made in house...not good. A great Jewish deli has great Lox. Period.

All in all...it is a great place for bagels and breakfast. Like Rex says..."Gotta hole...Rex will fill it...sort of...and then never be heard from again..."
I came because I wanted perogi's.

I was disapointed.

Haven't returned since the first time.
Bagels were standard for my breakfast stops on my way to work for many years in NYC. When I re-located to Las Vegas, I quickly learned that Mom and Pop Bagel Shops aren't found easily, and most people call the "roll with a hole" that Einstein Bros. makes a "good bagel".  Luckily I stumbled upon Levy's and they provide a much better bagel than the competitors.  Everything is made in house by Mr. and Mrs. Levy who are native New Yorkers that really know how to make their customers happy.  They have many different bagels, both sweet and savory along with a variety of homemade infused cream cheese. If your not in the mood for breakfast, you can satisfy your sweet tooth by choosing a pastry from their full selection.
I live close to this deli and I can't believe it took me 2 years after they opened to go in and try it.  My mistake for not having tried it earlier.  I have now been back quite a number of times.  I have a number of favorites, but my favorite of favorites is their stuffed hamburger.  You can get it stuffed with mushrooms or onions or a little of both.  I believe it's supposed to be 1/2 lb burger, but it seems to be even bigger than that.  The flavor of the meat is so incredible.  It is served on a challah knotted bun which is baked in the store.  I also recommend a reuben sandwich made with pastrami (it's a matter of preference, but I prefer pastrami over corned beef).  The sandwich is filled with a generous portion of meat.  If you're into reubens, then you will probably find this to be a favorite. 

They do have a nice display of sweets, and I always take home a large chocolate chip cookie. Everything is baked in house.  Great bagels as well.

I find the wait staff friendly and attentive.  My glass was never empty. 

I strongly recommend that if you're looking for a great deli, this place is worth trying. I saw they had a sign that they won the "Best Deli" award in 2011.
Wouldn't make it in New York? I can't vouch for that; but, it is definitely a great fit here in Vegas. My wife ordered the Monte Cristo. I had the Reuben. We shared a side of pierogis. EVERYTHING was amazing from the food to the service. The bread is made in house. The waitress hit a home run with her suggestions. Now, I'll return the favor and suggest that you check out Levy's!
I'm cleaning up my draft reviews and was here 2/17/12 so this bad review is long overdue. I'm no decorator but the black and yellow outside colors make you think you're in a Western Union or some check cashing place...which would probably make better bagels and whitefish salad anyway!  Round bread with a hole in the center does not mean it's a bagel! Tasted more like pretzel dough but more bland. They sell Dr. Browns in bottles which is always good but no Celrey soda ??? I don't know about the deli meat because i was going just for breakfast bagel/fish but as far as bagels are concerned I guess it's better than Lender's bagels or a Fast food chain. The whitefish salad was too loose and with no discernible whitefish flavor. Ain't nuttin New Yawk about this place food wise.
Hungry for some good Corned Beef, I whipped in here today for lunch.  This is a smallish place, not fancy but comfortable, & I didn't see a lunch combination special on the menu, so I asked for one anyway, & here's what I ended up with:

A nice bowl (not cup!) of Chicken & Matzah Ball Soup (their spelling) to start things off, & it was delicious!  Then there was my 1/2 Hot Corned Beef on Rye sandwich, neither piled up sky high nor skimpy, but in between, & on plain bread with a bottle of mustard there on the table to add your own.  There was also a small cup overflowing with fresh cole slaw, a tasty Kosher pickle spear, & a slice of cantaloupe.

The Corned Beef was lean, tender, & tasty.  Everything else was good too, & it all added up to a nice lunch for the price, $7.95.  My only concern is that I'm not sure I could have ordered anything different from the menu & still kept the cost down.  With that said, I'll go again & hopefully see you there!  ... but not on a Saturday when they're closed.    :-))
Don't let looks deceive you. You walk into a small kosher grocery, and in the back is hidden a small, casual restaurant. Their Chinese food is AMAZING! For vegetarians, the Volcano tofu is awesome! I also love a chicken dish with onions in a dark garlic sauce, but don't remember the name of the dish. The chicken meat used in the dishes is moist, tender, and non-fatty. I have been to many restaurants in China, and I like Segal's Chinese food better! :o) The prices are excellent considering the meat is kosher. Great restaurant for non-Jews to try as well; the food tastes better than other non-kosher Chinese restaurants in phoenix.
Great restaurant in a strange location.  Really good fried fish, and really good burgers.  Nice store too.
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. At Segals, the customer is always wrong. The management and staff are the rudest people I've ever met.
Want some completely wonderful vegan vittles?  At Segal's Oasis Grill you will find fresh home baked bread and pastries, as well as some of the freshest most wonderful comfort food available out there - and it's all kosher!  The restaurant is situated behind the kosher grocery. The food is simply wonderful!  This is the first time I have eaten at Segal's but I can assure you it will not be the last. For appetizers, we had crispy tofu and spicy sauce, veggie eggrolls (massive and a little greasy but so very good and perfectly crispy!), and the freshly made onion rings. The onion rings come in a very generous portion and they are thick and just excellent!  For entres one of us had a pastrami on rye with curly fries and mustard. Even the mustard was different and just plain good!  My sister ordered sesame chicken over steamed rice and commented on how wonderful the meat was, being really moist and tender. Mom had a bowl of egg drop soup. I am a vegan and so ordered the eggplant and tofu. The eggplant was some of the best prepared I have ever had. So good! The menu has something for everyone - really. The price is very reasonable for the quality of the meal. I highly recommend that vegans make their way to this hidden gem and enjoy!
So after three days in Vegas for recent trade show I finally hit the bad hotel food, steak dinner, fast food & anything on the strip, wall.  I needed some, no make that, craved something unique & off the beaten path so when an old industry friend offered to take me & our other salesman out to dinner, I was all over it.

Having never really had much experience with kosher food aside from a Hebrew National frank & some macaroons I was a definite neophyte in this regard. The restaurant itself is actually a Glatt style kosher restaurant, which is essentially follows the strictest laws of the kosher standard.  The menu follows what are considered traditional Hebrew & Mediterranean cuisine most of them you've heard of  like shawarma, falafel, kabobs & pita based wraps.  The meal starts out with platters of salads & toppings for the pita breads.  Baba Ganoush, red & white cabbage, a Moroccan salad made with cucumber, tomatoe, red onion & spices, an awesome spicy eggplant relish & some& other tasty stuff.

We all had different entree's so I had a chance to try some of everything & everything simply rocked!  The falafel was smaller than I'm used to but extra crispy & then creamy on the inside. The kabobs were made with some of the tastiest, juiciest meat I've had in some time, was seasoned perfectly & BBQ'd to perfection.  The chicken shawarma, simply epic.  I could eat one of their chicken shawarma laffa sandwiches (aka burrito) every day & never get tired of it.  The fish balls were tender & tasty & the rib-eye, freaking unreal!

You can tell it's authentic kosher food just by their regulars on hand.  The jewish community in N. Vegas flock to this place & finding a table wasn't easy.  So it's a little of the beaten path (15 minutes from the strip)  a total hole in the wall, kinda slow service & the (almost) deal killer...NO beer, wine or other alcohol served there. (hello to-go order)  That aside I could put up with that a dozen times over again, the food is that good.  Beer & wine would have made it a perfect 5 star rating.
My Israeli friend's been raving about this place for months, and she finally shlepped me there.  It was worth the wait.

Yes, it's a hole in the wall, but it's more like eating in my Grandma's kitchen - except my Grandma wasn't Moroccan or Iraqi, which is definitely the accent here.

My friend warned me that the platters were too big for one person (or at least two women trying to keep their, ahem, girlish figures) to eat, so we shared a Chicken Shawarma platter.

This is a Meal (capital M).  The larger plate had a good-sized portion of chicken pieces.  They were tasty, but I swear, I couldn't tell whether they were dark or white meat.  This was accompanied by a large helping of rice covered with pinto beans in sauce (we could have chosen green beans as a topping).  The smaller plate had Israeli salad - basically chopped and seasoned cucumber and tomato - along with baba ganouche, hummus, and a red cabbage salad that was scrumptious.  A third plate had four mini pitas (more upon request).  The idea was to pull off pieces of the the pita and make little mini sandwiches with all the ingredients.  Luckily, I was there with a native, to teach me the ropes and translate the waitress, Gila, who's also the cook and owner, with her husband.  Gila speaks English, but obviously preferred to converse with my friend in Hebrew.

My friend bought a box of pastries - Gila made - to take home, but we snacked on them for dessert.  They were farina-based, stuffed with dates, deep-fried, then baked, and finally, dipped in honey.  They were so out of this world delicious that I wanted to take home a box, too, but she got the last one!

As mentioned in the other review, there is no beer or wine, but there's not even coffee, due to an agreement with the Pannini Cafe next door.  That, together with the mystery chicken, is the reason for this not being a five-star review.  But it's damned close, and I highly recommend it!
While Vegas(and Henderson) posses several "Jewish Deli" establishments that serve New York style ashkenazi cuisine that everyone knows and loves, the city was severely lacking any good middle eastern/Israeli/ establishments ( especially considering the sizable minority that seem to work through out the strip and oddly enough at many of the local mall carts) that cater to Sephardic cuisine. There is a good Afghan kabob (or is it kabeb? i forget) spot on the east side and i've heard rumors of a good Persian spot as well, but most other Mediterranean /mid east joints were poor attempts at Americanized greek.I'm getting off topic; we're here to talk about Shawarma Vegas. 

This place is a hole in the wall as someone else mentioned; but in a good way. There maybe no more than 5 or 6 tables inside and a couple more outside. What it lacks in size and decor, it makes up in food. I have been twice and so far both meals were a success. 
The Shawarma in pita was excellent (and I still feel that is an understatement.)that was stuffed with the usual condiments of hummus and pickles amongst others. I am truly looking forward to trying the entire Shawarma plate. The schnitzel was fried perfectly, with the chicken far from dry (always an issue with schnitzel). Nearly as good as my Grandmothers! 

The food is a bit pricey, but most kosher meats usually run on the higher end so I can accept it. (plus the food is great) 

A great place for middle eastern comfort food.
Native of LA.. I'm a huge fan of Pita kitchen and zankou chicken.. Since moving to LV.. I ve really missed good shawarma.. But I think I found my new favorite spot!
The food is fresh and delicious!! The shawarma has great flavor, tender, and juicy.. Pita is good too a lil' chewy just the way I like it.. Will be back for sure!
A nice neighborhood hole in the wall with a homey feel.  Tasted like a home cooked meal.  Not used to the rice with bean sauce but I liked the chicken a lot.  Wish they had a bigger beverage menu.
We are always looking for schawarma... I should say good schawarma -- it is hard to find... unless we make it ourselves... however, Shawarma Vegas was not bad at all!

What can I tell you... they are a little whole in the wall deli type place and you can find them in a little strip mall & as I looked around - it appears that the 'area' (very small) might cater to Jewish businesses... anyways, if you do not slow down you might miss it.  I forgot to mention to the owner that some signs / advertisement might behoove him.  Inside, you are welcome to wash your hands before eating (which, I like) and it appears that it may also be a low key hangout where you might find yourself picking up the Torah to read whilst you munch on their yummy eats.

We had:

Geo: Shawarma pita w french fries and babaganoush and hummus
Moi:  Kabob plate w Israeli salad (mixture of tomatoes & cucumbers in vinaigrette sauce & hummus w tea...

Not bad at all... I thought that since the kabobs were so juicy that perhaps they may have been a little oily - Geo, says, 'not so' all in all the taste was very good.

If we are in the area again - we will go - I would not, however, drive all the way there just to eat schwarma...

still good all in all...

your constant companion,

~dee
First time I had falafel was at Tacos & Tequila.  It was no bueno.  I know what you are thinking...Falafel at TNT..WTH!?!  Then the second time I had it was at Greek Bistro.  It wasn't delicious as I had hoped for.  After a discussion with my Israeli co-worker, she recommended Shawarma Vegas.  

The way she described it got me salivating, so I had to try it out.  

So I ordered the falafel, and my friend ordered the Chicken Shawarma.
 
As we are waiting for our food, the nice lady brought out small plates of the following:
-Israeli salad: chopped & seasoned cucumber and tomato:  Refreshing
-baba ganoush:  Yummy
-hummus:  Yum
-red cabbage salad:  Eehh
-mini pitas:  piping hot, crisp on the outside, soft in the inside.  Perfect.

 Wow, those small plates were all bursting with bold flavor, exciting my palate!  The owner was super nice, saying that other restaurants may want customers to spend more money on appetizers, but not here..customers get small plates of appetizers for free,  not spending anymore money.  

However, I wasn't too excited about my falafel or the shawarma.  The shawarma has morrocan spices, but it tasted like it needs some salt or a bit of BAM.  Dunno, I can't make a comparison to anything else since this is my first time having the shawarma.  The texture was unexpected as well.  

As for my much anticipated falafel...I came to the conclusion that...ummm..I don't like falafel.

Can't really hold that against them can I.  But regardless, I will come back to try other items and get my small plates of delicious appetizers.

This is  more of a 3.5 star small eatery in my book.
The food was very tasty, but I feel like it is a little bit of a rip off. I learnt my lesson. Get the sandwiches they are more worth the money versus the plates. Go to Jerusalem Grill, they are the better kosher spot in town.
The best shawarama in las Vegas !!!!

Fresh and good service like in israel
This food is amazing. Ground beef kabobs, shawarma, falafel.  Everything is great.  

Ambience.  No.  Prices are not.cheap, but the servings are huge. 

Stay away, cause I love this place and do not want to share.
love their baby chicken!!! and of course shawarma...
I remember seeing this close a while back and was surprised to see it open again under presumably a new owner. 

As we were waiting for our food to arrive, we were entertained that it seemed like everyone knew everyone and no one was speaking English. This though makes me feel excited as it can only mean authentic food.

I saw on the menu that you can get for $3 AYCE of the salads which consisted of hummus, baba ganoush, a vinegar based slaw, carrot and cauliflower pickles, pickled peppers, cucumber tomato salad, onions with sumac, red cabbage salad All of them were good, fresh and seasoned well. The hummus and baba is really good and would cost you a lot more than $3 anywhere else for a single serving of one of them. 

BF and I got the falafel pita (I believe $6.99). Once they stuff them in the pocket they ask you what else you want in it (basically from the salads I mentioned above) along with options for garlic sauce and hot sauce as well. The seasoning on the falafel was good and they were lightly crunchy and soft inside. I prefer more soft than crunchy like chips so it made me quite happy and the pita was fluffy and everything I think good bread should be. Both the BF and I are huge fans of the falafel at Amenas and this is really good that they are equal contenders for the top pocket. 

There was a bit of confusion (language barrier?) as to the salad sampler but eventually I got a little plate to try them and the lady was really sweet anyways.

 I definitely will be back again to have more of this falafel and maybe try other offerings on the menu. I think this little hole in the wall is a must try if you like Mediterranean fare.
The place is a little pricier than other shawarma places, and I can't say I'm a fan of the decour either, but the food here was amazing!

We came for the shawarma, and the place delivered! I got a shawarma pita with hummus and tahini, cabbage, some red hot sauce and some onions. The pita was stuffed full of delicious shawarma and all of the fixins. I couldn't even finish the whole pita because it was so big! The combination of the shawarma and the tahini tasted so good. 

I love how everything is handmade over there from the pita to the hummus. In the background, you can see the chefs cutting the juicy strips of meat for the shawarma. Everyone their was really nice as well. 

I will definitely be back!
If I could give no stars to an establishment, this place would be at the top of my list.  My awful experience went as follows:

I was in Vegas on 6/1/12 and had a craving for shawarma.  I Yelped some nearby shawarma places and decided on Shawarma Vegas due to its close proximity and the good reviews that it had gotten despite its somewhat pricey menu.  I noticed on Yelp that it closes at 4pm on Fridays, but it was only 3:05 so I figured I was in the clear.  

I walked in and saw a woman behind the counter frantically scooping some food.  No greeting, hello, eye contact, nor nod of acknowledgement of my presence.  I began looking at the menu overhead to decide what I wanted.  The woman then says to me in a raised voice (for no apparent reason because there was no music or any other customers to talk over) , "WE'RE CLOSED.  WHAT YOU WANT?"  I was a little startled by her greeting and also surprised that they were already closed considering that it said on Yelp that they close at 4pm on Fridays and that it said on Shawarma Vegas's website that they're open from 9-9, Mon-Fri (confusing I know).  Surprised by the fact that she said that they were closed, I replied, "Oh, you're closed?"  Her reply to me (in an even more irritated tone) again was, "WHAT YOU WANT?"  Appalled by her sheer rudeness, I calmly responded with "Nothing from here.", turned around and walked right out the door.  I had never been so rudely treated at an establishment where I was a hungry patron willing to pay $11.99 for supposed good chicken shawarma in pita bread.

I see the reviews on Yelp where fellow reviewers talk about the great and "friendly" customer service from this place.  It's gotta be a joke.  I seriously don't know where to begin to explain how upset I was at the treatment that I received.  Needless to say, I will never come here again the next time that I'm in Vegas and will adamantly discourage any and all Vegas friends from patronizing this establishment.
Found this place through a Yelp search. I had the shawarma pita. It was delicious! The staff was friendly and helpful. A little taste of the Middle East on Ft. Apache and Charleston.
It's great food. The Jerusalem Mix is the shawarma grilled with onions. The smell of it cooking is fantastic.

The place is kosher. Don't expect to go after sundown the day before the sabbath (Friday). 

The cook was very friendly. The muscle bound owner must have been mad that I interrupted his prayers or something because he showed that he didn't give a rat's ass whether I spent my money with him or not. Two $10 sandwiches and not a smile, not thank you, nothing. I'm sorry, did me asking questions about the menu bother you? (I didn't ask during his prayers.)

A customer actually answered my questions.

Judging from the lack of business at lunch time, he NEEDS to learn that you at the very least should treat your customers with respect, not contempt. You had 28 demerits and were featured on Dirty Dining.

If you want to stay open, the owner should stay away from the customers. He's obviously not going to change his attitude.

If he can't, then they deserve to go out of business. Since one order was a large portion of the "Lunch Rush", that should be pretty soon.
There are few things in life that make me happier than falafel and shawarma.  These guys deliver above average quality for both and I already know I'll be a return customer.

The falafel plate was around $11 and it was huge.  The balls themselves were smaller than usual but that was made up for in quantity as you can see from the photo I took.  An overall 3.5 star falafel in the world is pretty much a 5 star falafel in Las Vegas.  The plate also came with my choice of 4 sides to make up my salad side of it.  I went with babaganoush, hummus, a red cabbage salad and their Israeli salad.  It also came with a big side of rice and beans so I pretty much had lunch for the next day.

I just HAD to sample the shawarma so being the pig that I am, I got a shawarma sandwich to go too.  The quality of their pita was very good and although I prefer lamb shawarma, their chicken was still great.  They allow to put in whatever you'd like in the sandwich and as much as the pita can fit so I went wild with every little thing.  You should too.  

The dining area is OK and teetering on hole in the wall status.  I see myself doing takeout orders for the most part.
This is not the Shawarma I am used to. If you want real Shawarma, you have to go to Dearborn, Michigan, or Lebanon. This is not even close. It was aweful. I still have not found a place on the West Coast that makes good authentic Shawarma sandwiches.

Shawarma is lamb or chicken that is spiced and cooks while it turns on a ventricle roaster. The cooked meat is cut off as it turns and then rolled in pita bread. The meat shawarma usually comes warped with onions and tahini sauce with pickled turnips. The chicken is rolled with a garlic sauce and pickled cucumbers. Both sandwiches are then placed on a panini grill to toast the bread. That is a shawarma sandwich.

Note******
This place was on Dirty Dining in July. I just seen that today on the Channel 13 website.
The shawarma is probably the best in town.
lost one star for being ridiculously expensive! ($14 for shawarma sandwich).
and the other star was lost for shitty service and cleanliness (or lack of it).
Well if you're looking for bad service then step right up and take a crack at this place. I wish that I could comment on the food but they didn't even make it that far until I was out the door due to the lousy service.

So I walked into the place in the evening many hours before they close and there are two tables of customers, both with their food, and they're not busy at all. I walked up to the counter and had the two cooks and the host taking the order walking around for awhile stocking food and things. I stand there for probably 5 minutes waiting for someone to come. They seem to be in no rush. The place isn't busy so what's the hurry.

Finally the guy comes up and takes my order. I ask a couple quick questions about the menu and then I place my order. He asks me if I want fries, I say sure.

I go over and sit down at a table right next to the front. I patiently wait. (3 mins, 5 mins, 7 mins.....) No food. All while this is happening the host/cashier is walking around stocking food and things in the back. Coming out to the front and refilling the drinks. Stocking the condiments, etc. 

Finally after 10 minutes another customer walks in the door and places an order. 5 minutes later and the customer gets HIS food! Well this immediately made me heated. The host/cashier comes out again and walks by me for probably the 7th time stocking things and cleaning up the tables. My level of irritation is growing more and more. Finally after about 15 minutes really politely I stop the guy and ask, "Is my meal almost ready?". His confused response, "Oh did you place an order?". My jaw kinda drops, "Ummm I was JUST at your counter 15 mins ago and have been sitting here waiting.". Finally it dawns on him, "Omigosh! I totally forgot that you ordered! Soooo what did you have again?".

I'm just frankly shocked. I stand up and say, "Don't worry about it. I'm out of here.". He follows me out the front door and says, "I'm sorry sir, I just forgot.". I say, "I can understand if you're busy to forget but you guys aren't whatsoever. That's just really bad service.". He says he will give me the food free. I decline again.

I just can't understand how a person forgets an order he JUST placed. Nobody new comes in. He walks by you 7 times while you're sitting at the table with no food patiently waiting. And you actually have to stop HIM to get him to realize.
Get the shawarma on laffa bread. It is a way tastier carb than pita in my opinion! It's super chewy, soft, and soaks up all the sauces and juices really well. There were a few complaints on yelp regarding the price (approx. $11/shawarma) but if you think about it, all the sauces are home made, the meat is kosher, veggies are fresh, 2 people can definitely share one, and you are contributing to a local joint! This is my ultimate favorite shawarma joint in the USA. Next time I'm going to ask them to add fries! Woohoo!
The food is great! It's the service that needs desperate attention.

ATTENTION OWNERS: We are not in Jerusalem. We are not in Tel Aviv. While I understand the laid back, casual, time consuming approach other cultures have,  I assure you most people will not. Neither will they yelp about it in an attempt to help you understand. They simply will not return.

You need to greet customers promptly, prepare the food in a reasonable time, and smile.  

Every time I am in your restaurant is a new adventure. There is ZERO consistency. Sometimes your service is ok, but most times it is plain aweful. What a shame, considering how delicious your food truly is.

Please fix your customer service problems so I can enjoy my experience, and find you open rather than out of business when I return. Shalom.
Food is decent but I'm not sure I ever had such bad service. The man behind the counter, who I assume is the owner, had the worst attention span I've ever seen in anyone over the age of 5. 

His wife, who sat in the "restaurant," continued to distract him by coming up to the desk asking for more food for herself. He would stop whatever he was working on to make it for her. It then took him an additional 10 minutes to ring us up from the time our food was finished! Absolutely ridiculous!
Feels like you are in Tel Aviv! (I have never been in Tel Aviv, but if I had, I bet it would feel like this!)

Staff was very friendly.

Food was excellent. Shawarma was huge!


Only downfall, staff was yelling at each other in Hebrew the whole time - but this is what made it feel authentic!

Oh - and it is Kosher, if that is important to you.
Love this place yummy the pitas are the best!!! Very friendly staff and comfortable setting.
Wonderful!  Everything was fresh and obviously made in house.  We ate too much and had to bring home a few pastries for later.  A great place for anytime of the day...breakfast, lunch or dinner.   They serve breakfast all day too.   Super friendly service, too.
Nothing bothers me more than sitting in a wonderful cafe and searching nearby restaurants through yelp, and not finding the one I am in.  This place is hidden in that quirky old shopping maze on the nw corner of Scottsdale and Shea.  As I sit, I wonder, why haven't yelpers sniffed this gem out?  Well I'm in the middle if my babaganoosh now and it's nothing short of the best I've had.  That deep roasted taste that few can pull out of that awful vegetable, has been acheived over here.  I'm not even going to mention the fluffy pita bread because it's still tempting me on the plate.  This is the kind of lunch where you are sad to be alone because you want to share the joy of amazing food. But, I just ordered a to go box to share this with my pals back at the homestead.  So I must have been in the mood for eggplant because I got a pesto eggplant panini with tomato and basil but I had difficulty choosing from this and the caprese panini with balsamic glaze, pesto and sundried tomatoes. I'll have to come back for that one.  This place is Kosher in all senses of the word.   It has all the feeling of a family restaurant down to high attention to detail and customer service.  I hope to see some yelps pop up about a well kept Scottsdale secret.  In the meantime I'm going to introduce them to yelp and make sure we can find them when searching the yelps. Especially when they are the little whole in the walls we are sifting through the corporate eateries in order to keep them keep us sustainable with good food.
Simply put it was music in my mouth. 

I was glad to see the menu here with items I have not had since I had last visited the middle east. The flavors were quite authentic.

It is also nice that the place is 100% vegetarian so I can eat anything on the menu. 

What blew my mind was the soft puffy in house pita. They were just amazing.

On the menu itself you will find middleastern dishes like pitas, some Itailain food and a small bit of fish.

Our meal started with the labne 6.96 it was tart with a great savory taste from the zatar and olive oil, and of course that pita. $9.95

We then had a sabich pita, again great flavors with the hummus, eggplant and hard boiled egg.  We then had a salad with a grilled cheese (Halumi).  The grilled cheese was great, however the salad it self was nothing special. $11.95

Note this place is kosher which means it is closed Fri night to sat evening.
Great salads, great panini, and a nice ambiance. Such a lovely little cafe/restaurant. We were in Arizona for only a week, but came to Mozart for lunch twice! 

It's kosher, delicious, and definitely worth a stop if you're in the area. Everything's great!
Best Falafel in town!

This might seem like a brash statement for those of you who do not know me. Falafel is my thing, I have had some incredible falafel trips to the middle east and I have been on a long quest to find something as good in the valley. At last my search has found what is looking for.

They key to good falafel is a nice crunch on the outside, and a moist inside with a strong pleasing savory flavor. From there you need a good Pita, moist, soft but still sturdy enough to hold and eat from. Then comes the dressings, creamy hummus and tahini, pickled veggies, even fries if you want (in the pita) this is living!

I also tried many other items from the menu on this trip, my general suggestion stick to the Middle Eastern dishes and you will not be disappointed. The Italian ones were not as impressive.
The shakshuka is awesome; the real thing and spiced just right!
I have been here a few times and I have to say that I love it. I think the prices are a little high, but this is Scottsdale and its kosher. The first time I went I had the eggplant and feta panini- it was delicious. The second time I had the salmon with quinoa and roasted vegetables, amazing. My friend couldn't choose between one of the fantastic salads and the fettucine alfredo, so she got both!
Last night I went back for sufganiyot- they had jam and chocolate varieties. Good stuff.
I have to say that the place is clean- I have no idea what Dan is talking about, but given he only has two reviews and no picture, I'm not buying into it.
I'm excited to go back for the falafel, more paninis, pasta... I'll be back... a lot.
I wish I'd found out about this place sooner.  OMG SOOOOO YUMMY and healthy too!!!
I bought a Groupon for this cafe because the menu looked awesome, so many great vegetarian options. They also have Salmon and Tuna salad available. I ordered the Spicy Tuna Panini which was fantastic. The sandwiches come with a salad and they were nice enough to make me a new salad when I told them I can't eat cucumbers. The owner introduced himself to me while I was waiting and everyone who worked there was very friendly. The owners son, who made my sand which, took the time to explain all the pastries that they have for sale. I bought two, one savory and one sweet. I can't wait to try them. I will definitely go back. This place might be my new favorite :)
Small laid back and very tasty food. Loved the coffee. Glad to have them in the neighborhood. Will come back again.
Fantastic! GREAT middle-eastern (Israeli) food! Wonderful, friendly staff. Interesting and delicious pastries I've never encountered before. 

If it weren't named "Mozart Cafe" but something like "Meshugah Moishe's Mekheye Felafel" I would have discovered this place sooner. But, I guess word of mouth (where the mouth just ate Sabich Pita) is the old-school way to market a business like this. 

Good job, guys. I'm coming BACK!
We've been there at least 4 times in past several months and really enjoyed each visit.  Food is fresh and scrumptious and staff is cheerful.  You feel a little bit like you just stepped into a cafe in Tel Aviv and that you are always a welcome guest.  Go and enjoy!
Surprisingly good for a kosher restaurant, especially for one that is not a deli.  

Mozart Cafe is a dairy restaurant, meaning that no meat or meat products of any kind are used.  This is necessitated by their being kosher, which does not allow the mixing of meat and dairy products.  If you are a devoted vegetarian, you can be absolutely certain that there is nothing that was ever in an animal used by Cafe Mozart, assured by the strictest Rabbinic supervision.

On the other hand, if you are a carnivore and insist on meat protein, you will have to try somewhere else.  Absent that, just about everyone should enjoy what Mozart Cafe has to offer.  

For a small storefront, the menu is extensive.  The Ciabatta bread used for the paninis is excellent, and the combination of flavors that Mozart Cafe achieves with no meat and little cheese is almost miraculous.  I haven't tried everything else, but the other sandwiches and salads look really good, and all of the other diners were cleaning their plates.  There is also a breakfast menu.

The downsides have nothing to do with the food.  For starters, Mozart Cafe is very basic so forget ambiance.  But it is clean and bright, and the tables are not crowded together past reason.  The service is extremely warm but sometimes you can wait a bit.  And, of course, there is no meat.  I would also say that it is a tad expensive -- kosher restaurants usually are, but that is because kosher meat is expensive, and the Mozart Cafe doesn't use any.  They also cannot open on Friday night or Saturday, so they have to make up for it by charging more.  Whatever the reason, a sandwich here will cost you about $10.

They also have an instore bakery with traditional Jewish cookies and breads.  I tried two varieties, both very good.  These too are a bit expensive.
I love their babaganoush & hummus, both are homemade and delicious! Their portabella and feta panini is great (I substitute goat cheese for the feta, though).
I just LOVE this place!
First, they have the best cappuccino in town!
Second, the food is wonderful!!! I love a healthy breakfast with a fresh salad so this is the cafe you want to eat at!
The whole menu is creative and delicious! Mediterranean food is the best!
The atmosphere at Mozart is great too!  
Long story short, you MUST eat & drink here!
I typically prefer entrees that are not centered on a meat ingredient.  This is a great place to find many options to choose from.  I really enjoyed the babaganoush.  The mozarella and tomato bruschetta could use better slicing techniques so the tomatoes aren't slipping off the toast.

The service for us was slower that the turn 'em and burn 'em restaurants so don't go if you're in a rush.  Go when you can hang out and savor the food.
yum in my tum. couldnt have been happier to enjoy brunch here today on christmas. not only was everyone welcoming and the service was great but the food was delic. 

come here to satisfy your israeli food needs but know, it is a milk & dairy only environment. 

Paprika, the restaurant next door can prepare meat dishes though and outside seating makes it easy to enjoy a meal between the two restaurants.
It's tough to make Kosher food so consistently good.  Mozart does it!  Their food is top-notch and I can always bring it to friends who keep kosher - knowing that they will be very happy with the quality of the food.  I've tried a number of meals here - all of which were very good.  I've also ordered take-out a number of times and everything is always ready to go on time.  I'm a fan for sure!  They are consistently good!
Great healthy stop after pigging out on Mexican food in the valley. Israeli salad is tops, great pita and falafel. Tuna wrap was also very tasty. Veggie soup with quinoa was pretty bland as was the hummus. Service is a bit slow.
Nice little Mediterranean place. People here are very welcoming. Love to visit this place again.
I LOVED it!! We came to Phoenix for a gymnastics meet. I have never been into a kosher, vegan, or Mediterranean restaurant before this. The food is absolutely amazing. I would highly recommend.
We came to Phoenix for a gymnastics meet. I have never been into a kosher, vegan, or Mediterranean restaurant before this. The food is absolutely amazing. I would highly recommend.
When a Rabbi recommended I use Mozart Cafe to cater a baby naming event, I admit, I was a bit apprehensive and didn't have high expectations.  I felt better once I checked out all of the yelp reviews, and was even more confident once I worked with Gabi at Mozart.  (How could I not like working with someone who shares my name?!)

All of that being said, Mozart did an incredible job with our catering order.  They were reasonably priced, easy to work with, packaged everything up well, had large portions, and delicious food too!  Our order was supposed to serve 12 people, and it served closer to 14 people with plenty of leftovers.  We went with a Mediterranean Sampler, a couple of salads, a trio of wrap sandwiches (Tuna, Salmon, and Eggplant), and fruit and cookies for dessert.

Everyone commented how good the food was, and even my dad liked it, which is huge since he's a big meat and potato type of guy (read: this place is kosher dairy - no meat!)

I would definitely cater from Mozart in the future and I hope to check them out in person and dine there in the future as well!
Highly enjoyed the food here.  Was on a vacation with my family and was looking for kosher restaurants in the area.  The owner was always nearby (the few times we stopped by) making sure everyone is happy and the food is authentic and delicious. I don't think there is one item over $20 which is nice.
Went back for a second time... to get food, not just coffee. I must say, the selection is quite extensive for a "cafe" which impressed me. Unfortunately they were having "fryer" problems so the falafel wrap was a no-go but I opted for the chipotle salmon wrap. 

Well, what can I say? The wrap was definitely superb and made my tastebuds jump for joy!!! What I didn't like is that I was told my food would be ready in 10 minutes, but 30 minutes later I was still waiting... quite disappointing since by this point I was becoming quite hangry and about to faint from lack of food while smelling the wonderful meals they were concocting in the kitchen. 

They did make it up to me by throwing in a box of cookies with my order for free, which wasn't really necessary -- but extremely generous and thoughtful of them. I will be back again :)
Mozart offers authentic Israeli food in an authentic Israeli atmosphere served by authentic Israelis. Did I mention that everything is authentic? 
Try the shakshuka, best in the States!
Tried the salmon wrap and Julia tried the caprese panini. 

The food was excellent! Great flavors, nice presentation.  And it came with a refreshing side salad.   I will be back!!

The downside is the ambiance. Very plain inside.  Not much to look at.  Boring music. The server lacked enthusiasm about the food.  I think they should be more excited about they are producing.
I've been to this place 4-5 times and NEVER had a decent meal.  Service is slow with totally indifferent servers.  The food I've had has been dreadful but today was the worst.  I went reluctantly with a friend who needs a Kosher place to eat but this is the last time.

I had the simplest dish possible - lox and eggs and onion scramble.  The eggs were cold.  I needed a magnifying glass to find the microscopic bits of lox which I probably could have counted on one hand.  The toast was overly toasted and may even have been less than fresh bread.  It was ready to be broken up and used as croutons.  I asked what could be substituted for the salad that came with it.  Who eats tossed salad with a breakfast dish?  They brought home fries which were dripping in cooking oil.  

And all this for a mere $16.

I'd like to be able to support a Kosher restaurant even though I don't keep Kosher but this tests any desire to be loyal to Kosher establishments.  Never again!
Wanted to love this place since it is owned by Israelis, and good Israeli style food is hard to come by in the Phoenix area. However, the wife and I both ordered the falafel pita and the pita was half empty. Only had 3 falafel balls with a little Israeli salad and tahini. The pita was ok. Not like fresh Israeli pita. The meal came with a mixed leaf salad on the side that had a olive oil/lemon dressing. Not that great as it was pretty dry. We got our kid the Mac n cheese and side of veggies. We also got a mushroom hummus with toasted pita for appetizer. You would expect a meal like this to only cost about $25. But it ended up costing us about double that. Needless to say that we love to support the local fellow Jewish community, but not after that ripoff of a meal. We won't be coming back. Hopefully the owner realizes that he is being too cheap on his customers because he seemed like a nice man when he came up to our table to say hello.
Food is overpriced and portions are small. We had a full dinner for two for around $40 and came home and ate again because we were still hungry. We also ordered a small piece of chocolate cake for dessert from the display (for approximately $5) and it was stale as if it'd been sitting for days.

The staff is relatively friendly and helpful.
The menu here is AMAZING!  I found all ingredients to be very fresh and high quality.  The service here was actually very good, the guy working was really funny and cool.  I'm definitely returning..so much variety!
I went here once.  It wasn't cheap, but the salmon dish I got here was worth every penny.  I also had the same thing catered once and it was also amazing.
Moishe House Phoenix loves using Mozart Cafe & Bakery to cater their events. They handle large orders with style and grace, creating the perfect menu for our large groups. We appreciate their staff going above and beyond, and highly recommend Mozart to anyone looking for a delicious meal!!
The owner and staff here are so nice. I only had coffee but plan to come back again soon to try the food. 
There are very few Jewish restaurants or businesses in the area so this was a wonderful discovery
This is a charming little place, has nice atmosphere. I'm glad they are not like other places, where my senses get overwhelmed by loud music and television on every wall. This is a very friendly and relaxing place, I can enjoy my food and company in peace. 

The food is quite delicious with reasonable prices. I love the hummus with mushroom and onion on top. Simply wonderful! They also serve very good sandwiches.
My husband and I went here for lunch after buying a certificate from Restaurant.com. I was expecting a dark little hole-in-the-wall type place, but the location, while small, was bright, clean, and open. The food was delicious! We ordered the Mediterranean sampler to start with. The pita that came with it was warm, fluffy, and fresh. The falafel was out of this world. I ordered the Eggplant & Chili Panini and my husband ordered the Apple Arugula Salad and we were both very happy. My panini was delightfully spicy and my husband's salad had huge chunks of feta. He actually had me try the feta. It was so rich and creamy he thought it was goat cheese. 

Although they were short-staffed, our waiter was polite and attentive and our food arrived very quickly. 

We'll definitely make Mozart Cafe a regular lunch spot. I'm excited to try more of their interesting menu.
Great service. I had the portobello panini and totally loved it.  And my drink was a fresh strawberry lemonade witch I recommend 100%. My dad had the beat salad and was great. And perfect portion sizes. The pizza was a hit with the kids. The best part was the people working there. We got some cookies (amazing) and the guy at the counter refused our money for them. You should go there we loved it so much!!
My husband and I ate here for a late lunch. The ambiance is nice, clean, & spacious. We chose to eat outdoors as the weather was great. Our waitress delivered the menus right away. My husband ordered the Greek salad and I ordered the apple arugula salad. The presentation and taste was out of this world. For our main dishes, my husband got Moroccan salmon over a bed of couscous. He ate every last piece so it must've been super. I'm not a fish fan, so I ordered the eggplant potato something pita. I tried to like it but after my second bite I just couldn't. I told the owner, who was extremely nice, & he said I could switch my meal - no problem. I then ordered an avocado sandwich. Now THAT was good. They weren't skimpy on anything and it was very filling. I got a vanilla latte that was decent. I used a restaurant.com gift card, & they forgot to apply it, so I told them and they apologized and redid the bill. Also, the wifi was either not working or VERY slow. Overall good experience. Their salads were the highlight.
Great service! Clean! And a great selection! We ordered the zucchini fritters. They were awesome! Great flavor! My husband ordered the Greek pizza and really enjoyed it! I had a salad which met my expectations. Another good kosher Phoenix dining experience!
I stumbled into Mozart Cafe unexpectedly with twenty five minutes to spare mid-afternoon on a week day. I had pulled into the shopping area where my nail salon is and was positively ravenous. My eyes caught mention of "kosher, vegetarian and wifi" as I walked past the outdoor seating.

I didn't mean to make an entrance. Conversation stopped as an orderly room of eyes peered up at me. I'm not quite sure what prompted it. I can only explain my observations of the patrons, and then my wonderful dining experience. My only regret is that I was short on time and couldn't linger. The food was fresh, delightful, prepared efficiently fast as was my strong turkish coffee. 

As I stood in the entry way my first thought was, "Oh dear. Where am I? Should I be here?" Stunned silence filled the room. I felt shy looking for a hostess. (I wasn't sure if I should approach the bakery counter, or seat myself. You can seat yourself.) I noticed women wearing head coverings, which ranged from scarfs, wigs to small hats. The men that day were wearing button down shirts.

Seated, an incredibly gracious host helped select the Spicy Tunisian panini to go with soup. A complete steal for $8. (1/2 sandwich.) Albacore tuna (ala the style from my childhood), boiled eggs, kalamata olives, potato was presented on a crispy panini. Perfectly grilled. I enjoyed it so much I almost forgot to eat my large bowl of soup. The soup itself is worthy of a meal. 

Dining solo I was privy to the conversations in the room. Bits of French and German wafted my way. Patrons ordered loafs of kosher bread from the wall. The Torah was discussed.

And then, just as I was wrapping up my meal, a gentleman right behind me. Clearly hailing from New York answered his phone.  (I'm from there and familiar with the accents.) 

"Yes Mom! YES. It's me. You called me, remember?"

[Loudly]

"Ok. OK. 
No. 
NO.
You'll have to ask Ira to do that.
I said IRA.
Whaaat?

Ok, never mind. 
I'll do it myself.

I SAID. I'll call IRA. I'll Call IRA."

So I think this is a place you can meet a nice Jewish boy.
Fantastic dairy/vegetarian kosher restaurant. This restaurant is not kosher at the expense of quality...it's truly good fare that all can enjoy. The Israeli-style breakfasts, baked pastries, and endless cups of fresh Lavazza coffee (better than Illy or Starbucks) is my kind of breakfast. For lunch, the portobello pesto panini is my favorite. Try the Alfredo or tilapia for dinner or a thin crust margarita pizza. Gabriel, the owner, is a delightful, hospitable man who welcomes each and every customer personally. He also delivered to our medical office several times for luncheons and did not charge is a delivery fee.
What a pleasant surprise! I loved the vegie wrap and my husband loved the salmon wrap. The zucchini fritters were a great start, so fresh and light and not greasy. I'm eager to come back and try other things.
Ehhhh I don't know.... This place didn't impress me. Had the hummus and avocado salad. Both kind of bland and don't me wrong, I love Mediterranean food..... It's was like hospital food trying to be Mediterranean.
Absolutely love this place. The owner Gavriel is so nice and makes the atmosphere very fun. The place is decorated nicely and has a great ambiance. The food is fantastic especially the pizza and salads. Do not leave without trying the fresh baked pastries, especially the croissant filled with halva!
not real sure what all the fuss is about this place.  Very overpriced food with uncomfortable hard seats, bring a pillow for your seat if you are planning on eating here. ..I expected the salads to be huge for the price, but the spinach salad with strawberries was just okay and only enough for one person and way over priced @ $12.00...it should be more like eight dollars especially for the amount you do not get.  I was still hungry afterwards. We also ordered the soup of the day, veggie soup was very good and half a sandwich, this is also over price you get a little cup of soup not even a bowl plus half of a sandwich which is not like chompies sandwich or even most sandwiches as diners, the sandwich is relatively small as well this came in at $8.00 and should be more like $5-6...I heard the pizza were good, might have to go back and try the white pizza hopefully they will not charge a substitution fee since I am allergic to one of the ingredients.  The service was good as well as the company, I just expected better food, more food for the over price menu.
Went to Arizona for a gymnastics meet and stopped by here. The Mozart cafe is a super great restaurant superb food, nice and quick staff. I've never had Israeli/Mediterranean food, so I can't compare it, but this was great!
Not very friendly when i went in.. They looked at me like I was a Monster.
We had Wrap, a pita and a Coke Zero and it was 22.00.... It was to go and I 
asked him if I had told him it was "to go" and he looked and Me and Said Yes
then dismissed me to my Seat ..
I loved  this place!   This family owned and operated restaurant is just my cup of tea.  
I am a vegetarian, so the menu was right up my alley, no guilt, and no having to read between the lines to figure out what I could eat.  The food was delicious, positively the best humus, and baba ganoush I've had in a long time...The grape leaves always my favorite were delish.  The "waiter" was friendly and informative, answering all our questions in true family style.   
Thank you
This place is a hidden gem!  I had the fattoush and a turkish coffee and they were both delicious!  The food in general is very healthy and reasonably priced.  The wait staff was fabulous (charming, friendly, and very helpful)!  When my apple laptop did not immediately connect to the internet the waiter said apple products tend to "take a few minutes to connect" and offered to reboot the their router if it didn't connect.  When he came back to check (yes he was that attentive) I had access (so he was right about the apple thing).  

I can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu!  This may just become one of my regular spots! :-)
This is place its ok, they have a lot of improvement to do:
1. get better quality breads
2. charge less or serve more
3. hire more waiter/waitresses, there is only 1 at all times
I will keep giving it a try and hope they will get better, just because I love Mediterranean food so much.
It's not very often that you can find a friendly Israeli owned and operated kosher restaurant. I've found in my travels that Israeli owned restaurant are unfriendly and usually have bad service. No idea how it happened, but Yafo has good food, really good service and the folks running the place and extremely nice. 

We were in Vegas for shabbos and went there twice. We had pizza, fish, french fries and falafel. The only item not up to par was in fact the falafel. It was dry and crumbly, the pizza is of the doughy consistency, but it has a lot of flavor. The fries are the frozen shoestring kind (pretty much everyone uses frozen fries) On Saturday night we got the veggie supreme pizza, which had feta, olives, artichoke, eggplant and pesto...it was real good.
EXPENSIVE!

Do you remember going to an amusement park as a kid and having a great time but then afterward you look at your bank statement and realized you spent an exorbitant amount of money on food. Thats Yafo in Vegas! It is in a great location right next to encore, however they feel that due to the location and lack of kosher restaurants around they can charge whatever they want, $17.50 for a medium pie which is equivalent to around 2 1/2 slices is steep!!

Food was solid but nothing to write home about and nothing I would go out of my way for. I had the cesar salad, 2 different types of pizza and the fish burger, all were eh.
went there with my wife  after 45 minutes we finally left.  They brought my food and then 15 minutes later I went to the kitchen to see where my wifes food was.  They were just starting it.  I brought back mine and told it was cold and asked them to remake it so it is hot when my wifes food was ready.  they brought mine back out in a new plate and it was the same I brought back to them.  
Would never go back there.
When the restaurant first opened up in 2012, it was the model of fresh food and fast customer service. Living in Las Vegas, quality Mediterranean Kosher food is hard to find. I was happy to have found a good place to eat out.

Fast forward to January 2013. Unfortunately, I had to wait 45 minutes to get my small pizza pie and was told that my falafel plate order was not put in because the waitress did not know it was ordered ( even though she reviewed our order twice to us). The place wasn't even packed with customers.  When the pizza was finally served, the dough was still raw and not well baked. I left the eatery disappointed and shocked that this place has fallen so quickly.

Perhaps that day was not my lucky day at Yafo but glancing around I knew people waited a long time for their orders as well. 

I do not plan on coming back to Yafo, but I sure hope they start realizing they can do much better before they lose all their customers.
The good: A kosher restaurant on the strip next door to the Encore that is open late and is open on Saturday night.

The so-so: It's a dairy restaurant and most of the food is premade and kept in the fridge. Even the slices of pizza you order come from their fridge. The quality of their food is below average.

The bad: I hate there 3 times in the past 10 days and every time I got sick. I tried their personal pizza (dough was super thick and raw), the pasta marinara (pasta and sauce from the fridge, heavy on garlic) and falafel (just nasty).

The very bad: The waitress was nice, but  she was being bullied and yelled at by the owner.

Bottom line: Good location, but horrible experience. In my opinion, stay away!
It's finally possible to enjoy a Kosher dairy lunch or dinner in Las Vegas!

Located right behind the Las Vegas Convention Center makes it extremely convenient for business travelers.

Between the few times I was here I had; Fettuccine Alfredo, Baked Ziti, Pizza and a tuna wrap to go. All were really delicious.

Service was great too.
Restaurant is Closed Closed Closed
Yafo is officially closed for business.
When in Israel I miss Mexican foods, and in the US I miss good Israeli foods. While lamenting I searched online and found "Kosher On The Grill" and decided that I need shwarma! Yudi did not dissapoint. I got the shwarma lafa and my wife the pita. This is the meal I had been needing so badly! I felt as if I was back in shuk Levinsky but with a lot less noise. I will be returning often to this wonderful find that Vegas has been needing. The best of success to Yudi and his friends! I will spread the word too! (written by the husband)
New restaurant for Vegas.   Food was fresh,a lot of it and delicious.  Staff was friendly and accomendating.   Had one each of the chicken and beef tacos.  Meat was tasty and tender.  For those nonmexican lovers also has falafel, schnitzel, grilled chicken.  Will be back often.
Decent food and priced well.
The service is a bit lacking but not due to lack of effort.
The person working the counter is just not very restaurant savvy. He lacks experience. It made the ordering a bit rough but everything worked out. He is very nice but just was not so familiar with what came with each portion, etc.

You might want to consider eating here if you are then en-route to a hotel. Not straight to the airport. Might not be best to fly right after this meal. Just saying.
Delicious food - enjoyed the pita sharwarma !
BEST Falafel in town and great Shawarma too! 

This is  little store front, counter up front and bar stool seating.  Food ranges fro $6-8 plus sides and extras. 

I went with a Shawarma pita $8 upgraded to a lafa +$8 which included all of the salads i wanted in side. I kept it simple with shug and hummus. It Was fabulous, The flavors, the soft lafa the creamy hummus it was simply a divine experience, maybe because this place is also kosher. 

We also had a side of 4 falfel balls. They were amazing, a crisp exterior reveal a moist and flavorful interior.
Paprika absolutely rocks. The shawarma is incredible, especially with a bit of shug over it.. and on the hummus. Plenty of food if you order a plate. Order a lafa and you will need to split it. Kosher, so the quality is extremely high. And the pricing is dead on, as well. Just a little bit northwest of the Scottsdale/Shea intersection, you cannot go wrong with Paprika. Haven't tried the ribeye, but it looked fantastic. Israeli salad, eggplant, baba ghanoush are all here. You should be too!
The food is good, but expensive because everything is a la carte.  My son ordered a lafa wrap, which cost $13, and did not come with any side dishes.  My falafel tasted very good, but was mushy. Again, there were no sides.  I ordered a bottle of Coke, which was a small bottle and just barely filled one cup.   Lunch for two people cost $28, which I think is a lot for 2 wraps & 2 soft drinks.
This place is delicious and the shawarma brings me right back to Israel! Definitely order the shawarma or falafel, both are homemade and perfectly spiced.
The chicken shwarma was moist however, the Lafa portion is too large for one person. The falafel taste was great but the batch was slightly over-fried. However, this place is good for a quick lunch.
WOW. SO GOOD. My mouth didn't want to leave. I had to bring my mouth back for dinner just to make it shut up for awhile. Perfect Sharwarma. Amazing sides: roasted Mediterranean eggplant salad, baba ghanoush, Moroccan carrots, Israeli salad, this amazing spicy sauce that kicks it all up a notch, hand made pita, etc etc etc....!!!! I love this place.

And what nice peeps that run this place. You come her a few times, you'll be one of the gang. Gabby, Omer, Alon, and the whole crew are all your pals. 

I LOVE THIS JOINT!
just an update: The spicy sauce is a Yemenite sauce that is popular in Israel, made of jalapeno paste, garlic, and about 400 other things, giving it a rolling wave of different flavors and episodes of heat, from the time it hits your tongue to the time it glides down your throat. It elevates an already spectacular shawarma to the level of high art.
I think this place can be considered a hole in the wall kind of place since it is very tiny and the only beverage served here is water. It's open and bright but I still had a claustrophobic feeling the whole time here. 

The menu is very limited and more limited than the picture of a menu posted a while back.

I tried the chicken shawarma plate that came with two sides and picked what they called spicy carrot salad and eggplant. The chicken was moist dark meat that differed from other shawarma I tasted because it was more almost nutty tasting and less of that tang taste that some shawarma has. The portion was monstrous as I ate a bunch my husband ate some and I took over 4 oz home. Maybe they just wanted to use up that batch and let it all go on me? I don't know? The eggplant was tasty and tasted like you fried onions with eggplant in a pan. The carrots were skillfully chopped into the tiniest cubes and seemed to taste a bit like coriander but weren't spicy but flavorful. I liked the spicy sauce that came with the plate it wasn't too spicy but was very flavorful and it was long and lingering and interesting.

Both of us were blown away with the beef kabob. It tasted better than we were expecting so it was a pleasant surprise. It tasted like the juiciest better tasting burger you can imagine. A thin nice sear and very moist lightly packed beef that was very good. My husband said if we ever go back he will try a hamburger from here. The kabob plate came with two sides and my husband picked fries and salad. The Fries were COLD AND SOGGY and might have been leftovers from the large take out order before us. The salad was finely diced tomatoes and cucumbers that they call Israeli Salad but according to Wikipedia Arabs also call this salad Arab Salad and Palestinians call this salad Palestinian Salad so it seems the Mid East is also fighting for bragging rights over this salad.

Our waiter offered us some pita bread with tehini. I have to say time froze and stopped  still for a second when we tasted the pita. It was that good, I don't know how you make a simple pita taste that good but it was. It was fresh warm very light but strong in texture. My husband isn't really crazy about any shawarma from anywhere but even he said the chicken on this pita was delicious.

I took home my left over chicken home and a few sauces and ordered a few felafel's to go. They are green inside and that is an indication of a better felafel that is made with fresh herbs instead of dry. The felafel's didn't have a big crunch but were moist inside and very fresh herby tasting. 

Our waiter was very thoughtful and just kept trying to bring me more food.

Some big hits but the fries were a miss. It really was like traveling the world. Limited hours I think open Sunday-Thursday.
This place has phenomenal schwarma and other Israeli meat specialties.   The schwarma is cooked on a traditional vertical skewer and made from dark meat chicken.   They serve it in a lafa (kind of like burrito style) or pita.  I prefer lafa, since you can get all the ingredients in each bite, whereas in a pita, the ingredients are layered on top of each other, so may get 1 bite of just eggplant or something.  My favorite toppings: Schwarma in a lafa with roasted eggplant, hummus, tahini, israeli salad, and charif (spicy sauce).  

Unfortunately, they seem to run out of schwarma frequently.  Because of that, I have tried a few other dishes, all of which have been good but not as good as schwarma.  I have had the beef kabob which is basically a hamburger shaped as a kabob with unique seasonings, and the chicken schnitzel which is a pounded boneless skinless chk breast breaded and lightly pan friend.  

Please note that this is a kosher restaurant.  However, the prices are closer to that of a non kosher restaurant and the portions are huge.  This is a great benefit - the quality of a kosher meal at  a competitive price.
Went back today with my fiance and her parents and little brother.  She and her father ordered the beef kabobs.  They were not good - super salty.  But, as always, the owner came up to our table a minute after we got our food and asked us how everything was.  i told him the kabobs were too salty and inedible.  He immediately asked what else us we wanted, so they ordered two more schwarmas - free of charge of course.  Shwarma is always delicious here and i strongly recommend trying it.  Shnitzel was also very good.  

They now have waiter service, and the service was great as well.
Absolutely delicious! Can't wait to come back! Chicken shawarma is juicy and seasoned to perfection.  Falafel, schnitzel, beef kabobs, were so great.  Sides r tasty! We feel like we r in Israel. The owner and his son are very charming!
Food is phenomenal. Very high quality, very fresh and very flavorful. Reasonably priced this place will be my go-to for a quick, healthy bite. Service reminds me of being in Israel....
First visit. Saw it reviewed in the Arizona Republic and it sounded good. We enjoyed the food. The falafel platter was great and the  mixed (chicken) grill was also tasty. The babaganoush and hummus were excellent. The spicy carrot salad good but not great. The Israeli salad was what one would expect. The beverages are all nonalcoholic. This is a small place. A table of 17 which included 7 loud and not well controlled children had a major effect on the ambiance. Service was good and apologized for the disruption caused by the large group. I think we will return.
Of all my restaurant experiences, the one today at Paprika sums it up as the most welcoming, friendly and warmest of all. Never having been here before, I thought I would venture out of my usual comfort zone and try this little tucked away Mediterranean bistro on the west side of Mercer lane in Scottsdale...

As I walked in the door, I was promptly greeted with a warm "Welcome" by Ari , also my soon to be server. As soon as I was seated, Ari asked if I had been there  before and also offered a quick overview of the menu. I zoomed in on the shawarma, which can be either served on a pita or on a lafa which makes the shawarma look more like a burrito.

For $ 9.95, trust me that you will be getting plenty of food and definitely enough for you to take home or even share. Today's shawarma special was veal and it was absolutely succulent and just perfectly spicy. Alongside the meat is out of this world hummus, Israeli salad, and served with French fries or a substitute if you prefer. Never having had a falafel, I told my kind server and he happily agreed to let me try a complimentary sample, which I thought was awfully kind.

I could not believe the size of the shawarma...it was truly unbelievable and bustling with nothing but fresh ingredients and just lick to the bone deliciousness. While enjoying my meal, I had the pleasure of meeting Gabi the owner who was just incredibly kind, friendly and warm just like any other restaurant owner should be.....truly outstanding in every respect.

For hours thereafter....my spirits were uplifted as a result of enjoying some of the purest and freshest tasting shawarmas I had ever had in my entire years of living....

Thank you for such wonderful hospitality...
Dropped in for a quick bite before heading out for a girls' night, and it was quite an amazing experience. They had items on their menu that I haven't really seen often, which I was thrilled with since I like places with unique items on their menu. 

Unfortunately I wasn't particularly hungry enough to get a meal all to myself (I know, shocker, right?!), but the wonderful gentlemen working there bought us an order of hummus to try out. I gotta say, as full as I was, I was eating this hummus -- it was so fresh and amazing that I couldn't help myself. 

I will absolutely be back to try their other menu items... as well as get another order of that yummy hummus.
Very good and run by great people from Israel. You won't be disappointed!
Solid Israeli fare. The schnitzel is very crispy and therefore GOOD.  Two main gripes:

1. No Doc Brown soda(s)
2. No pickled turnips

Enjoy.
The food is delicious and reasonably priced. The staff is friendly and service is quick.
This place and Mozart are TOP QUALITY... the grilled chicken was the best I've ever tasted around the world.  Shawarma was done very well also.  I'd say the hummus was meh...  Pita is extra thick and fluffy.  Also, the young boy working there was sooo friendly and helpful.  I will be a regular here and Mozart.
Ok I'm kind of obsessed with this place! Their food is fresh & tasteful! The chicken shawarma is tender & moist!! Hummus is clearly freshly made everyday! Delish! Eat here!!  Bonus: staff is extremely nice!!
A coworker of mine often brings people here, so another coworker and I decided to try it for lunch a few weeks ago. It's a small little shop with a couple of tables inside, but there was no wait and we perused their menu deciding on what to get. They have a pretty small menu but I liked everything on it which made the choice a little difficult, but I decided on the chicken kabob platter with hummus and fries. My plate didn't come with the stated pita for the hummus but I didn't want to say anything so I kept hush, but the hummus was really good. I also really liked the chicken and it looks like they hand cut their fries (or at least they look like how it does when I make homemade fries). My coworker had the pita and she really liked it. She also got their hot sauce (not the bottle, they have a salsa type sauce) and she really liked it - said it was super hot. They don't have any alcohol (if you're looking forward to it with your meal), but I'd definitely return. We stopped into their cafe/bakery next for and their cookies look really good but we didn't end up taking anything home.
More than disappointed... especially after the glowing reviews. 

I went in for lunch on a Friday with my family, simply desiring a sit down lunch for my children which didn't involve French fries. The lunch menu was quite simple-only five chicken selections with your choice of various side dishes.  

First I ordered the Shwarma... "Sorry, we are out of that" was the reply.  I reviewed the menu options and tried again, asking for the Kebobs. Only to be told, "we are out of that too". The cashier was apologetic and explained that they would be closed tomorrow, however I found it odd that they would not have nearly half of their small selection. I settled on a different chicken plate and was then asked to choose my sides. 

I took a look at the sides and asked for rice. "Sorry, we are out of rice". Uh oh, not this again. No rice?  I am seriously considering leaving at this point, but the reviews are so good I decided to stick it out. This time I ask for a side salad. Two guesses as to the reply... yep, out of salad too. I look around the establishment and see several other tables with people-Lord only knows what they are eating (since nothing in the menu is available)! The only options left are fries (exactly what I wanted to avoid) and Israeli salad, so I order that. 

My total for two lunch plates and two drinks, a whopping $32.  I couldn't believe it. Definitely more expensive than expected. 

Also, when I sat down there were no high chairs to sit my daughter. Oh well, I should have expected that one. The food that came out was not bad, but my experience had already been soured at this point. The food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience. 

I honestly can't understand why this place is rated so highly. There are far too many wonderful options in Scottsdale to waste your money here. Sorry.
We were in the mood for this type of food and based on reviews we decided to try this spot. When we pulled up we realized it was owned by the same people who own Mozarts (which I like), but the food here wasn't comparable.

Based on the cashier's recommendations, we tried the chicken schwarma pita and the plate version. We also ordered a side of fries. As soon as we got home and opened up our meal we realized the fries were raw potatoes soaked in oil which we ended up throwing away. How do you screw up fries!? The schwarma was even worse. The chicken was super greasy, over cooked and not very tasty. The plate came with no veggies and was literally an expensive pile of meat. 

The meal was very disappointing!
This restaurant is not worth the effort.  My guest and I arrived at 12:50pm on Monday, Restaurant opens at 11am.  We were seated close to the kitchen area---TV Blasting--requested it to be turned down--which was done.  Went to order our lunch choice they did not have any white chicken meat only thigh meat.  My guest said her lunch was less than fair Chicken Schwarma made with thigh meat. I ordered ChickenKebob was informed no kebobs, then ordered Chilled Chicken breast and was informed there is not white meat.  GIVE ME A BREAK!!!   I ended up ordering Chicken Schwarma Plate-dark which I dislike--plate came out with meat cold, pita cold and during the conversing with my guest my guest and I viewed the chef eating during preparation of our lunch, the chef became irate when asked to reheat my order as the chicken was cold. Yelling out the chicken is not cold then sticking his hand into the meat not even sure if I received a new order of meat.  The plate was cold and probably cooled down the chicken.   The pita was also sent back and returned still cold.The pita had no taste.  This restaurant should not be opened for business they do not know how to prep food and serve at a proper temperature nor how to accept their customer comes first. 

The Board of Health should come in and do a spot check as (1) chef should not be consuming food doing cooking orders and(2) the gentleman who takes orders and serves food should not be rubbing his eyes as he handles dishes and serves food.   (3) Not only this a young man came in and needed money I guess maybe to go shopping??  But the chef is the person who opened his own wallet and gave this young man money and then proceeded to handled food for an order--did not wash his hands.  Will never go back
Same owners as Mozarts and they should be ashamed for opening Paprika! There was hardly any customers in the restaurant, this should have said enough, but i will always give 1 try and trust me this restaurant did not deserve this one try.
I love this place. They're very helpful, they will custom make a made to order meal for you,  the food is delicious and the portions are ample.
Being from NY I grew acustom to getting good mediterian food, but since i have lived out here Ive been forced to the commercial places like Pita Jungle. This place blows them all away! I feel like im home again!
One of my favorite new restaurants in town with great atmosphere and terrific food.  The talented chef (Nir Cohen) and the staff are welcoming and make you feel right at home. The modern Mediterranean and Israeli menu are fresh, full of authentic flavor and reasonably priced.  Great place for important lunch meeting or a family dinner.
Great food, great service, great ambiance.
They've only been open a few weeks, but Kitchen 18 is already doing a fabulous job with their (kosher) food, service, and ambiance.  

I went to meet some girlfriends for dinner the other night, and we all were delighted to see that the place was jammed.  Lucky for us, there was one table open when we arrived, and it seemed to have our name on it!  The hostess was friendly as was our server, and we were impressed by the wide selection on the menu.  None of us keep kosher, but we were intrigued that there were plenty of fresh and healthy options.  

We started with the hummus appetizer to share and we also tried the salami and fig bruschetta.  The hummus was a tad on the bland side, but I loved that they served it with warm fluffy pita (white and wheat) and delicious pickles and peppers too.  The bruschetta was tasty... I can't compare it to Postino (my fave place for bruschetta) as you can't possibly compare kosher salami bruschetta to something quite the opposite, but it was good.

For our entrees, I had the Israeli salad with schwarma and really enjoyed it.  It was a large portion, so I boxed half of it to take home, but it was colorful, filling, and seasoned just right. One of my friends had the sliders and the other went with steak, which they both enjoyed.  Oh, and I ate more than a few of the sweet potato fries that came with the steak - they were delicious!

We shared a tiramisu dessert which didn't disappoint, even being dairy free!  (The kitchen happens to be entirely dairy free, so don't ask for a cheese burger when you go!)

I love that the attached market stays open late, so I did a little bit of shopping after our meal.  I highly recommend a product they carry called "popcorners."  They are popped corn chips and totally addicting!  There are tons of other unique kosher food items at the market too and an entire jewish gift shop as well (which I believe is in the process of being remodeled).

I look forward to returning to Kitchen 18 again soon... It's moderately priced and conveniently located on the Southeast corner of Scottsdale and Shea.  Whether you're keeping kosher, trying to eat healthy, or none of the above, there is something for everyone on the menu.
This restaurant was a great find! Everything was fresh, healthy and the taste was amazing!! I will be back the next time I am in Scottsdale.
So I keep Kosher. Options in the valley are few and far.
I think Kitchen18 is up to par with larger cities Kosher options.
I am not into the health foods and all and was skeptic when I first went to eat there my first time. However I keep going back! Their service has been great.
Their Gluten free Chocolate cake was better than most traditional chocolate cakes I've had.
I was very impressed with their appetizers. 
I have not tried most items on their menu however their pita is heaven and anything they serve that with is a big hit!

I recommend it to all my friends, kosher and non kosher eaters.
The food was quite good and the server was very nice; however, the outside seating on the patio is filthy.  Pigeons living overhead and piles of pigeon poop all over the floor.  Really???  My friend and I were careful to only look at eachother and not even risk a glance sideways at the nasty bird excrement all over the place.  Get rid of the birds and CLEAN THE PLACE!
Pretty cool place.  Because I checked in and got 15% off for doing so, I am switching my 4 star to a 5 star.  The food was great and I love places that give yelpers a deal!
My friend wanted to go to a Vegetarian restaurant since she doesn't eat meat. I really wanted to try this place since it got almost 5 stars. 

First off, I am definitely NOT a vegetarian. I need my meat in my life! lol. But I'm always open to trying new things. =) We ordered the hummus to start which I thought was quite tasty. It was actually a pretty big portion. Most places I go to I always run out of Pita bread. lol. I then ordered the Bowtie Bolognese. I thought it was ok. It wasn't the best thing I've ever had or the worse. I thought it was a bit bland and maybe could've used some vegetables with it. 

I liked the fact that they have vegan dishes AND entrees with meat in it as well. The best part? I got 15% off of my order thanks to Yelp! Woo Hoo! lol. 

It's a very cute, cozy restaurant and I liked the environment. Not to mention the customer service was very friendly. They close at 9 though so you'll have to go early. 

It's quite far for me as well so I probably wouldn't come back unless my Vegetarian friend really wanted to. =)
Kitchen 18 is strictly Kosher and this means it starts out with limitations:
1)  It cannot be open Friday evening or Saturday.
2)  It can use meat products or milk products, but not both (Kitchen 18 uses meat).
3)  It cannot use pork or shellfish or a number of other foods which are not kosher.
4)  Even for permitted foods, like beef, it must use only certified Kosher versions, which can be more expensive and sometimes hard to get.

The 4-star rating reflects these limitations.

Furthermore, Kitchen 18 is not your usual Kosher deli.  Rather it features Middle Eastern cuisine and thus should be judged as a neighborhood ethnic restaurant.

That said, the dining experience here is pretty good.  The food is always properly prepared, attractively presented, and tasty.  The menu is limited but has enough variety so that you will surely find something. Many people think the chicken shnitzel is the best dish but also consider the Bowtie pasta bolognese which is very meat. The ambiance is casual but comfortable.  And, for a kosher restaurant, it's very reasonably priced.

If you only eat kosher, this is probably the best choice in the Phoenix area.  If you are not kosher but like Middle Eastern food, it's worth a try because of the friendly, casual atmosphere and the reasonable price.

HINTS:  The hummous needs lemon!  If you order it ask for a couple of lemon wedges and mix the juice in.  Surprising - since the chef seems to be very talented.
The pita bread served with many items is the best I have ever found.  You can also buy it packaged at the adjacent store.
We went there for the first time since I got a groupon. Our family thoroughly enjoyed the food - fresh & flavorful! Also, very reasonable prices! Will definitely be back!
True Kosher restaurants are few and far between in the Valley of the Sun and so we decided to visit Kitchen 18.  It is a new restaurant started less than a year ago.  It appears that most of the ownership and staff have spent a great deal of their lives in Israel.

Note that the restaurant is closed on Friday evening and Saturday.  Rather busy for a Sunday afternoon and it took a while to get our order in.  The decor is modern and very cool and the presentation of the food was excellent.

We ordered the "signature falafel"  and it was flavorful.  The pita that went with it which is made fresh all during the day was fluffy and excellent.  We then ordered the Israeli salad with shawarma and also the shawarma pita sandwich (which came with a side of sweet potato fries or french fries and quinoa or israeli salad).  The shawarma was flavorful and the salad though nothing exotic made for a good combination.  The shawarma sandwich was huge.  The food was plentiful and so we had to pack quite a bit of the salad to take home with us.

The service was very good and the staff was very attentive.  It is wonderful to see family run restaurants serving wonderful home style and wholesome meals.  The menu and food could use some fine tuning but it is a restaurant that I would visit again.

After our meal we visited the store adjacent to the restaurant that sells kosher products.
Great food, awesome service (thank you Chase) and very reasonable pricing.  Next time I'm in the area I will definitely be stopping by again!
Don't believe the hype...this place was hard to find and when we finally did we were not impressed. We were not greeted by any staff upon arrival, service and food were sub-par.  I grew up eating food like this and was looking forward to a good meal, unfortunately that is not what we got! 
Aside from that, it was one of the strangest dining experiences we have ever had. We could also see into the kitchen from our seats...not good. Needless to say, we will not be going back.
Don't be fooled by the reasonable prices and small size of this restaurant. The portions are quite generous and the food is excellent. The chicken soup had chunks of real chicken, the sort of chicken I remember fondly as a child. The grass fed beef sliders were exceptional, with beef that was lean and tasted like beef. The pita was the best I have ever had. The Turkey Beef schwarma was very good, flavorful and moist. The hummus and the Israeli salad were very good. This is a small place with friendly service and an informal feel. Expand the menu a little and expand the room so the kitchen wasn't visible and it would get a five.
I went to Kitchen 18 with my roommate who eats Kosher. We were finally excited to go to a place where we could eat together.  It is close to where we live and the menu seems great!! When we showed up we were sat immediately but it took at least ten minutes to get our drinks and the actual menus. The restaurant was relatively clean but you could tell there was a lack in overall care as there were stains on the bench as well as dust and drink marks on the table.  We were deciding on appetizers when the manager came in and started talking to his workers in a very loud and negative way.  It was very uncomfortable for us. Finally we got our waiter to take our orders off of the very dirty menus.  When the food came it was good but not great. I am not sure that we would come to this place again. It was promising but did not end up being what we hoped it would be. The overall negative aspect was the man interacting with his workers. If it were not for this, we would try this restaurant again.
A good little Kosher veggie restaurant in Scottsdale. Not very big portions but filled with wonderful flavor.
The atmosphere in this restaurant is nice!  They offer the only kosher bar that I know of in the city.  The food is excellent and most things are made from scratch.  I asked the waitress about the wait time on chicken  soup, as I had read the review here that said it was a bit long, she said this was because it is made from scratch. They actually cut up the meat, add stock and fresh cut veggies and the perfect amount of spices.  It was truly worth the wait.  The portions are large and the prices really good.  It is a scratch kitchen, which means that everything is made right when you order it.  It is a tough balance to walk between really good, fresh food and trying to please customers who don't have a lot of time.  Kitchen 18 seems to do a good job at both.  You don't have to be Kosher to enjoy this restaurant.  Anyone who likes good meats and fresh, healthy food will love it.
So thankful to find smashing shawarma and a tidy unique beer selection next to my massage studio at Salon Studios. I lived in Chicago and have tried many many terrific pita sammies. This ranks up there with all the great ones. Service was super friendly. Stop by the specialty store for kosher-food selections and merchandise.
Stopped in here today for a late lunch.  It is a small place only about 7 tables and about half of the tables were taken.  We ordered the soup which comes in a big bowl and the carrot bisque with the sage is very very tasty.  I would recommend.  I wish they served the soup with crackers or something.  But if you ask for some bread which the make themselves they will bring some pipping out challah bread for you to eat and it was very good, of course they have no butter because they do not serve anything with dairy... The bowtie bolgnese pasta is very good and even though the menu says spicy suace - it was not spicy for any of us and we hate spicy dishes.  Also we sent the veggie pita back, was not to appetizing and enjoyed the chicken salad sandwich with the sides of salad and sweet potato fries.  I ordered the quinoa salad which was just alright nothing to write home about.  They do get crowded on Sunday evenings and they bathrooms need some upkeeping.  Both Rick and Amanda were very pleasant.  We will be going back again to try the grass fed beef burgers and some other stuff.  for the 3 of each we all ordered soup, hot tea and entrees the total with tax was just under $60....They just celebrated they one year anniversary,,,,It is a very small place inside but definitely worth a try especially if you like wholesome organic home made food with a twist.
Really surprised by how much I enjoyed Kitchen 18. I am Jewish, but usually am not a fan of Kosher restaurants. Excellent cuts of meat here and I am a big fan of their hummus. I have even tried their gluten free chocolate cake and loved it. 
I have been here 3-4 times and only once did not come away impressed by the wait time and the staff. I'd definitely recommend Kitchen 18 to someone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money and enjoys quality food.
Nice having a kosher restaurant so close to home. Surprisingly busy for a Monday night. I only had the hummus platter so I have to come back for the Shnitzle
big portion. 
can't go wrong for Mediterranean food, its not stellar but satisfying.
My husband and I ate here tonight and our experience was wonderful. We knew we would be arriving late so we called them and they were so accommodating and told us it would be fine. Their last seating is officially 8:15 & we got there 8:20. The ambiance is beautiful, classy and clean. Not super upscale but definitely nicer than average. Amanda was very helpful on the phone with directions and greeted us when we came in. Rick was our waiter and a native of Scottsdale. He was very friendly and told us some useful information about the area. BUT THE FOOD. O.M.G. I am sooo glad we went here. Alex, a young chef of 19, is unbelievable. Her meat is just so perfect and tender and all was super tasty. I had the Yemenite soup and burger 18 with vegetables instead of fries. The soup was out of this world and VERY generously sized bowl. THE BURGER. I have never had a burger without ketchup until tonight. I like my meat well done but juicy...a hard combination to master but Alex nailed it. Yum!!!  The ceaser salad that comes with the burger is small and wasn't that good. The steamed vegetables were very good. My husband had grilled vegetables as an appetizer. They were delicious but the portion size was small. He had schwarma and Israeli salad for his main and said both were good. it comes with pita and he said that was great. I personally am not big on schwarma, but he seemed to enjoy his meal very much. 
The chef hung out with us after we finished eating and told us some tips. She was super nice, humble, and friendly. Thanks for such a wonderful experience. :)
Maybe an off night. Server seemed too busy to be alone.  Many dirty tables. When we asked for two he looked annoyed not greeting.  Waited a bit but we get busy. He forgot my boyfriends soup.  My Shrawhma was ok. Cous Cous was bland. I liked my boyfriends schnitzel, he thought dry. All and all food did not make up for lack of service.  Doubtful to return.
My family and I went to Kitchen 18 this week on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch. We were taking our kids to Taliesin West to visit and we needed a place for lunch that was vegetarian friendly as I am a veg and my wife is mostly veg. Our kids are 100% still carnivores so we needed a place to satisfy all needs. I searched for a vegetarian restaurant near where we were and Kitchen 18 came up!  I decided to try it and it was definitely worth the short ride to Scottsdale/Shea. We are not Jewish and do not follow Kosher laws. We are faithful Christians that try to eat higher quality and organic  foods as much as possible. I have not eaten at a Kosher restaurant since moving to AZ 8 years ago from New Jersey. I have always appreciated the quality and higher standards of Kosher food, so I knew this place would be good. Boy, I was 100% right in that assumption. The food was excellent and the service was superb! 
We started with the hummus/babaganoush plate to share and it was excellent. The baba was the best I have ever had and it was so happy that it did not contain yogurt as so many of them do. Being Kosher, the dairy is not allowed to be served in the same restaurant or even prepared in the same kitchen. I do not consume animal products at all, so this was awesome! The pita wedges were homemade, fluffy and delicious! The hummus was mild tasting but creamy and wonderful. Plus it came with black olives and Israeli pickles. 
For the meal, my wife ordered the carrot soup and the grilled veggies platter. I did not try the soup but she said it was very fresh and delicious. The grilled veggies were seasoned nicely, smoky and satisfying. I had the veggie pita sandwich that came with a mound of sweet potato fries and a side of rice (basmati) with grilled mushrooms. The sandwich was made with the same homemade pita and it was fantastic! The rice was cooked well but needed a little more salt, but otherwise was great. The kids had the Kitchen 18 burger which was a grass-fed beef patty on a wonderful Challah roll served with a mound of french fries. My son was a little upset that he could not order bacon and cheese on his burger, but I think he survived just fine. ;). The burger looked well made and was cooked perfectly to order. The fries looked fresh cut and were cooked well. 
The staff was friendly and attentive to our needs without being overbearing. Our drinks were brought out quickly and the timing of the meal was perfect. Granted it was a slow Tuesday afternoon, but I am sure the service is good all the time. 
We did not have room for dessert but wanted to try the carrot cake or the chocolate cake. Maybe another time! We do not get over to Scottsdale that often as we live on the west side of town but will 100% consider Kitchen 18 again. Back on the east coast (and before I was vegan) I ate at quite a few Kosher restaurants and delis in my past and Kitchen 18 is as good or better than any of them. I look forward to going back and trying the falafel wrap and having more of the delicious pita and hummus. Shalom. L'hitraot. Toda.
We had just gotten off of the plane and called to inquire about a wait or reservations. The gentleman that answered the phone was helpful. We hung up. I called back to inquire about ordering ahead because we were going straight to a family event. The same gentleman was very helpful and patient. 

Our food was correct AND amazing!!! We are coming from Memphis where there aren't many options but the grass fed burger was amazing! Service was good! And the meal came with a choice of salads and a side. My husband had the regular fries that were great and a large portion with a Caesar salad and I had veggies and a quinoa salad. 

We ordered Shabbas dinner for the next night as well! We can't wait to go back! Great experience and food!!!
Enjoyed the setting and the surrounding pretty good food. They were way understaffed that day but I understand how it goes in the restaurant business so that wasn't a big deal. So all in all for a kosher restaurant they did pretty well
It was busy and noisy - lots of families there.  You order your food and then they bring to you.  Not my style.  I enjoy service and atmosphere busy and fast pac.  Good food but hard to visit!  Service was fast.
Open only two weeks, Kosher Gourmet offers Kosher Mediterranean cuisine. Traditional appetizers, sandwiches, and dishes such as falafel, shawarma, kabobs,  as well as some Kosher dishes such as Matzo ball soup and Schnitzel. Pitas are baked fresh. They make an awesome falafel sandwich. Prices are very good. Service is interesting, with a lot of shouting between the Israeli  owners, making for an authentic middle eastern experience. A great find in Las Vegas!'  Shalom!
Avoid this place. The good was par for the course. We had a shwarma sandwich and BBQ chicken. The chef flipped out on us about whether we wanted fries. The menu clearly says that all sandwiches are served with fries, but the cook thought differently. He actually came out from the kitchen, raised his voice, and asked us directly if we "requested" fries. It was very rude and abrasive. I will not be back.
great place with amazing kosher food and the best pitta bread ever... 
love eating there ... flavor ,service and great prices  .....
This place does not exist anymore. Wish they had taken the time to close their listing.
My new favorite restaurant.  They have 22 different fish dishes ranging from $16-23, at least a dozen different kinds of pizza slices ready for you to pick out of the case, soups, salads, and 15 kinds of pasta that they will serve with any of 4-6 different sauces.  The food is so yummy!  I rate it 5 stars because the menu is huge, it fits a niche market that is in need of more restaurants, the people are warm and friendly, food is all freshly prepared but the wait is not long, and it is reasonably priced.
GreAt food awesome service . The best fish in town . Must go and check it out . The menu will blow your mind . Way too much to choose . They have something for everyone .
Walking into this place looks nice and well kept. I liked the setup they have. I'm giving this place five star rating not for how nice and casual it is but for the food. I haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but I will that's my plan in the near future. I have had at least five items from the menu so far and I got hooked.  It all tasted to what I expected it to and I'm glad for that because there isn't a lot of kosher restaurants out here, so it's nice to know I can get kosher food in a restaurant and enjoy it. The menu selections are awesome a lot to choose from, so there's something for everybody that loves to eat from pastas to pizzas and so on. By the way this place is dairy only. Give them a try you will enjoy it.