Home made pasta.  Small menu with a price point from $8 - $12.  For 5 of us on a Saturday evening was $80 including couple wine and a beer.  Food was fine, portions were good size.  When I go out to eat I like to pay for good service.  The theme here is you grab your menu on the way in and you order through a cafeteria-like window.  You get a number, pay for your food and find a table.  There is a tip container on the counter, wait until you are through before tipping.  Our server was just ok, no personality, no smile and very difficult to understand.  Because I paid with a charge card I tipped too early.  Do the tip jar on the way out, I would have put in less.  Good food, poor service.
Fresh pasta served about a dozen ways.

I quite enjoyed my shrimp linguine. The bread was fresh, tasty and plentiful. Seemed like focaccia but had no toppings. The olive oil was herb-infused and very tasty.

I was ever so slightly disappointed with the portion size and quality of the pasta here. It felt nice and soft in that freshly made way, but I just expected more of a fresh flavor. The sauce itself and the shrimp tasted great, with a pronounced garlic flavor and spicy zing in the mouth.

Swiped one of my pal Ron's meatballs, it was huge but a little dry.

Decor had weird and interesting fork and spoon sculptures all over the place. They were selling nice Deruta ware ceramics.

Staff was cute but a little vague on some of the details. Sort of refreshing in retrospect. We got ok recommendations.

I would for sure give them another shot, this place was cute and conveniently located. Liked that it was on the bike path and near Willy street.
What's better than making RP's fresh pasta at home???

Going out and having RP's serve their pasta TO you! 

The Fork and Spoon is a cute, teeny place to get delicious pasta for CHEAP. Crazy cheap. It's semi self-service as far as ordering and seating, but whatever. It's a casual place to get a great meal. 

(I also had the BEST apple crisp here. Ever....and I'm an apple crisp whore.)

I also like having the store connected, so I can still buy some pasta to throw in the freezer for a later date!
I was surprised tonight when I walked into the Fork and Spoon and saw that they are now a "please wait to be seated" joint with menus and the like(with revised prices to match). AND my beverage wasn't served in a jar...I kind of miss that relaxed atmosphere. PLUS, the chairs were pretty uncomfortable. My pasta dish was really good, and a nice portion size. I was very, very bummed to see that the apple crisp is no longer*sob*. I would have tried the tiramisu, but I was stuffed.
this place was FABULOUS!

its a chic and very VERY relaxing environment with wonderful art and music!

i originally wanted a chicken liver salad, but they were out of it so i thought i'd try their pigeon breast salad. the waitor came back and told me they had just got in some freshly smoked duck and if i wanted that insteas. i couldnt' decide so they made me a specialty salad with both!

probably the best salad i have ever had in my entire life! (pigeon breast was ok... kinda like unsalted ham) the Smoked duck was to Die for!

my Papa had a lamb stew with a very tender and flavorful helpin' of lamb in it!

a Must!
The Lot Bistro offers so much to entice customers in - everything from its location in the Grass Market under the castle to the promise of art works and performances upstairs in the older part of the building.

The Lot Bistro, however, fails to live up to expectations. While I had been to the Lot prior to my latest experience, this was for a quick snoop around the gallery and a cup of tea. This time, I thought I would go for lunch to give the place a real try.

To be honest, I wish I hadnt - food tasted like anything I could have microwaved at home (but far less of it), and while it was not that expensive, did leave a bitter taste in my mouth - both metaphorically and literally.

The Lot Bistro then is a nice place for coffe and culture, but not for a LOT more. (Heehee).
I haven't been to the Lot for the food or coffee. Actually the Lot holds every Tuesday for the past year and a bit a grand ceilidh. Ceilidh is basically Scottish barn dance. Even if you don't know the steps, there are multiple dances and they walk you through them at the beginning of each song.

This one is clearly geared the tourists, as their are so many hostels in the area. However, this gives it a layed back atmosphere and no angry people if you get your steps mixed up- everyone is here to have a good time dancing the night away. 

Entrance is about 5 pounds. The only thing I can really hold against this place is that the dance floor is tiny for such exciting dancing.

If you visit Scotland you must try out a ceilidh! Even if you have two left feet like me, it's the most authentic fun you could have!
A relative newcomer to Edinburgh, this unusual restaurant earned a Michelin star in under one year, and deservedly so. The 21212 name derives from the menu, which comprises 2 starters, 1 soup, 2 main courses, 1 cheese course, 2 desserts. At lunchtime you can go for just 2, 3, 4 or 5 courses. There is an extensive wine list, and there are several wines available by the glass also.


 The food itself comes in some startling combinations which work very well together, and is beautifully presented in a most elegant dining room. The lunchtime portions were fairly small, but by the time you have worked through five courses, you are amply satisfied. The prices are high, but worth it for the quality experience. The house itself is a fine Edinburgh Georgian townhouse magnificently restored to add modernity without spoiling the classical proportions or features. They also have a few bedrooms for those who wish to indulge in a splendid dinner and not have to go home afterwards.


 A place for a special treat rather than a routine eatery. Reservations are strongly recommended, as it gets booked up far ahead at popular times.
I live in a city with lots of great restaurants but 21212 was the was the best dining experience I've had all year.  

I had the 2-course lunch there while on vacation in Edinburgh.  Each course was structured so to create a different combination of flavors and textures with every bite.    

Tasty and innovative cuisine.  Gorgeous building and decor.  Attentive service.  Upscale ambience.  Expensive but well worth the money.  Go!!!
We had an outstanding meal here and I would encourage anyone who wants to try a unique and original meal like they've never had before to run, not walk, here.  I'm somewhat afraid it won't be around.  There was only one other couple for most of the time we were there (and a third table joined later on).

I hope it survives, though, because this was such a special meal, truly different.  Every bite was sensational.   Definitely worth a visit.  Fast!
What can I say?  The food, the feel, the service, all of it was phenomenal!  They have a Michelin star so they could be pretentious or rude, better than you and not needing your service, but they weren't, very welcoming and not stuffy in the least.  You pay a good price but it is worth it (for me, a once a year kind of meal with my wife).
5 courses, small portions but they give you little snack things as you go that are included although not on the menu.  Bottom line, the cheese plate was first class and all of the courses are as good as I've had.  I eat out a lot, it's actually part of my job, and this place was special.
This was my first Michelin star dining experience, and was everything that I'd been expecting: flashy foods that looked like Christmas decorations, attentive (not to mention patient) waiting staff, and glass after glass of very expensive wine. 

We went along for a friend's birthday, and it was a very nice day. The meal itself was quite nice but I wouldn't say it's the best thing I've eaten in Edinburgh. I think I need to explore Edinburgh's other fine dining establishments before getting a really good picture of how this one measures up!
Part of my Christmas gift this year was being treated to dinner in a fancy restaurant - a gift I couldn't wait to receive! We looked into several restaurants, but one in particular stood out, and that is 21212.

The name is derived from the structure of the menu; for each of the five courses you either have 1 or 2 options. You have 2 options for your starter, 1 soup, 2 main courses, 1 cheese selection and 2 desserts. Simple!

The restaurant received a Michelin Star within 8 months of opening, and by looking on their website you'll see the masses of other awards they have achieved...and with good reason!

It's stunningly decorated - decorated like a boudoir almost. The walls are hidden by silky curtains and the chandelier in the centre of the room gives the room a patterned glow. The seats are a massive upholstered booth that stretches to the end of the room, adorned with cushions to break up seating spaces. When we arrived it was quiet - too quiet - and we were worried about being too loud. You can see the kitchen from the restaurant and the chefs are working away - quiet, intricate and composed. It busied up quickly and there was conversation in the air. I relaxed a bit then!

The staff are very attentive and so welcoming. I was having a chat with a lovely woman at the end...turned out to be the co-owner! As well as warm, I found everyone very knowledgable and they gave us very clear breakdowns on the food we were being served, as there were several components to each dish.

We started with Beef a la Grecque - To describe this would be impossible. there were so many different element s to it! Slow cooked beef, ratatouille, parsnips, apricots and feta, egg omelette, Brazil nuts, cucumber and yoghurt, anchovy, garlic and rosemary. It was also served with a little tub of aubergine purée. I'm not going to even try to describe it because there are just no words. The beef was rare, thinly cut and just ridiculously tender. I was in awe eating this. Read the ingredients. Imagine them together. It was incredible! 

The soup was a vegetable soup. This vegetable soup was unlike any soup I've ever tasted. It was delicious! It was formed over three layers: vegetable purée, a layer of vegetables and then peas pudding on top with a decorative froth. The portions are tiny, rightly so, but with the soup I genuinely wish there was at least double. The absolutely mouth watering flavour just blows you away and you feel addicted to it!

The main course was Trout , Cauliflower & Pasta with Smoked Cheese - Delicate, oven baked pink trout fillets, smoked pasta and cauliflower cheese bake, celery, sprouts, white cabbage and pak choi. Served with Dijon mustard mayonnaise, sesame seeds and pine nuts. I absolutely love cheese, especially smoked cheese and added to cauliflower and delicate, rare trout. Oh it was just lovely!

The cheeses served were: Old Winchester, Manchego, Clava, Abondance, Bleu d'Auvergne,Hansi, Langres, Sainte Maure, Ticklemore, Montenegro and Rocamadour. The waiter explained each cheese and it was really interesting to listen to. He knew and seemed interested in what he was talking about and gave us trivia about where and how each was made! The stack of biscuits and crackers gave variety and atop the stack was shortbread. If you're like me and mouldy cheese isn't your thing then you'll love this: shortbread takes the taste away completely! Does everyone know this? I found it amazing!

Festive Egg Coconut Custard Nog was the dessert - Glazed festive egg custard, crushed shortbread, meringue, sultanas, nutmeg, golden pears and pecans, fresh mincemeat purée, yoghurt, coconut anglaise with a hint of rosemary.

The presentation of this was something I loved - the coloured pieces placed on top of the custard matched the restaurant logo. I found it cute. The shot glass contained a layered gathering of the nutmeg and yoghurt as mincemeat with the frothy topping, and the custard was served in the rectangle dish with a lovely crispy glaze. It was served with a collection of popcorn and orange zest.

I had an amazing experience here.. The food was spectacular but the staff made it for me! I just LOVED everything about my meal here.

Please see the full review and photographs here: http://wp.me/p2vpGr-fc
This has got to be one of thee least well known out of the very few michelin star restaurants in Edinburgh and I really don't know why?!?! It is set in a lovely big ol' townhouse on Calton Terrace. The interior is understated elegance, which was a relief! Didn't leave me thinking I was massively under-dressed (silly, I know). We sat in the drawing room with a G&T whilst waiting for our table. Lovely surroundings but I was slightly underwhelmed by the Gin selection. Good. But not great.

We were then later sat. The dinner room stuck with understated elegance. Big windows infront of the kitchen are always a nice touch. I liked it.

I shall not recount every single little thing we ate. But I can tell you one thing - every morsel of food we had here..... was.... incredible. 5 courses of truly incredible food..... with a couple of wee treats inbetween courses. 
As you would expect. The portions are not massive. But we left feeling very satisfied but not uncomfortably full. 


There is no better way to end the review. We recieved our bill -  2 years ago I would have been gobsmacked by the price of it. But..... my response was, you know what, that is very reasonable considering it is without a doubt some of the best food I have ever eaten. And that makes it worth every penny. A great treat.
I've been to El Ranchero a couple times now and have had great food every time. My business is right around the corner so it's real easy for me to pop in for lunch. Miguel and Cortez are both great there.
Excellent traditional mexican food with fair prices. Miguel does a great job in the kitchen using quality ingrediants. Tried the fried shrimp platter and carnitas, muy sobroso! Basic chesse and onion enchiladas are superb.
You've got to try this mom & pop casita soon. You will enjly.
Beer only, bring your own wine. Cheap date!
The food is Amazing!!!! I am addicted to everything on the menu!! Great service!! The owner is great!!!!
My family went to El Ranchero recently without any knowledge of how the food  or service was there. I had my usual bean burro, enchilada style (red sauce). It was awesome. The taste was great and the price was very affordable.I think it was $3.99 for the bean & cheese burro. I don't recall the cost of adding the enchilada sauce, but it was reasonable. I took photos of the burrito and the outside of the restaurant. I will take some daytime photos in the future. My brother loved his chicken chimichanga, and his wife really liked her chili relleno. My Mom also loved the dish(?) that she had. We will all be back in the near future. There are located just north of Thomas Rd on the west side of 68TH St. I forgot our waiter's name, but he was the friendliest one I have had in many years. He also owns (or co-owns) El Ranchero. They will season the food as you like it: just let them know when you order if you like your food mild, spicy, or something else. If you love Mexican food, I would try this place at least once to see what you think.
We have been searching for great mexican food in Arizona for the last two years. This place hit the spot!! It was honestly some of the best we have ever had and would go back soon. My husband had the Ranchero burrito which I would highly recommend and I had steak fajitas (amazing!!!!). Miguel, the cook brought the food out personally and takes pride in the freshness, combinations of tastes and presentation of his food. He uses his own special seasoning for the fajita meet which really made it stand out above others. I HIGHLY recommend this place!! Hope you enjoy!
Yes - go here! 

We were very happy to find this restaurant around the corner from one of our friends' house which would mean many blissful returns to El Ranchero...

We went here with a group of friends on a Saturday for lunch. The restaurant was fairly quiet at the time which suited us perfectly and also had the added benefit of the chef/owner serving us. He was really friendly, sincere and attentive to our table. 

I had a carne asada quesadilla and barbecue pork soft tacos. My husband had the chicken quesadilla and carne asada soft tacos. All of the above - delicious!

The chef also brought us some of the house specialty hot sauce and guacamole to go with the complimentary chips and salsa. These were amazing! I could not get enough of the guacamole and had to ask for extra before we left. 

The food was priced very decently and the serving sizes were more than enough. 
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for really tasty authentic Mexican food.
This place rocks!  Miguel, owner and chef, is awesome.  Besides making some kick-ass Mexican fare, he is a great guy.  He will serve you the food himself, and go out of his way to make sure you are satisfied.  Guacamole is not on the menu, however, you need only ask Miguel to make some.  And Miguel makes the BEST GUACAMOLE YOU WILL EVER EAT!!!  Garlic shrimp were great, and the beans that accompany the main courses are amazing (and i don't like beans!).  Fajitas full of flavor.  Endless chips and salsa to start.  I could go on and on.  We were in Scottsdale for 8 nights, and ate at some great places (Deseo, Roaring Fork, Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana, Hiro Sushi, Rehab Burger Therapy, White Chocolate Grill).  If I could only return to one of them again in my lifetime, it would be El Ranchero.
I'm just not impressed at all with this place.  Besides the out-of-the-way location, the atmosphere inside felt a little drab.  It didn't help there were no tables in the center of the dining room, and some strange fake trees like rainforest cafe inside.   The Spanish language channel blasting at full volume with a waitress who doesn't speak English didn't help either.   The place just seemed off.  There were a few things not on the menu.  Why?  Get on the computer and print them out!  

One of my pet peeves is paying for water.  So when I asked for some ice water and got a small bottle of arrowhead, we were already off to a bad start.  I love spicy salsa and one way I can handle it is by drinking LOTS of water.  At $1.50 a bottle, I didn't want to blow $5 on water before the meal even arrived.  Lame.   Even in Mexico I can get free filtered ice water.  

Food was just okay.  Rice was fresh.  Beans were ok.  The cheese enchiladas could have been better.   There's nothing differentiating them from low-end taco shops.   

Overall I think this place has room for improvement.
Awesome food, great price and great service! We went on a Friday night and it was just us and another family in the restaurant.  The flavors and feel reminded me of my favorite place in Puerto Vallarta. Authentic flavors and service. The owner/chef waited on us personally, and was very attentive. Salsa is a bit spicy but very good. Ask for some guacamole, it's not on the menu, but he'll make it fresh for you. And the green sauce is to die for! I had the marinated pork chimichanga ( also not on the menu) and my boyfriend had the carne asada. Both were wonderful. Even the rice and beans were good! We will definitely be back. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!!
My family and I were visiting AZ for the first time from the east coast.We  found this wonderful restaurant on a Thursday afternoon after a long flight. We were greeted by the owner/chef who helped us with the menu and we had the best red salsa and chips. Our family of four enjoyed the enchiladas and the chimichangas. It was a great way to begin our trip to AZ and hope some day to go back.
so far, this is the most deceptive yelp rating we have found. this is NOT a 4.5 star mexican restaurant., and it really isn't even a 3 star eatery. our start here was good, with tasty chips and salsa and a kind waitress whose english was very shaky (all of which we took as a promising sign).  we had high hopes as we waited far too long for our food, but the warning signs were already there; the worst margaritas ever, not even one other party arriving for dinner, and a drab dining room that looked much better in the photos. when the food finally did come, it was just disappointing.  and while the salsa that came with the chips was good, both the red sauce, and green sauce that was brought to the table with the food were both lousy. the beans were salty, the rice was weird, and i believe the taco shells were from a box. not one in our party of 5 were the slightest bit impressed with the food quality. not sure why it's so difficult to find decent mexican food in this town, but it is! steer far away from el ranchero, it's one of the poorest i have ever been to. cannot believe that some people ranked it so highly! the only one in the east valley has received rave reviews from us so far, has been "susies mexican cafe" in east tempe. take the drive!
My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place about a month ago on our way home from Papago Park and we were both pleasantly surprised. The food was fantastic and moderately priced and all of the staff members had smiles on. It was a memorable experience and we felt we needed to come back.

We came back today and to our surprise the waiter remembered us after a whole month. Nothing makes you feel more welcome than having a waitress or waiter mention they remember you. Our waiter was Miguel and he was absolutely fantastic. We will definitely be coming back again.
My mom and I went here on 5-13-13 and she Had the chicken fajitas and I Had The steak fajitas. We both loves our dishes, the place is small and quite I would Recommend going here for really good food along with good prices. We will Definitely be going back
Hmm I ve never been so confused about writing a review before. This place is scabby, the coffee I was served was cold filter coffee. Though I think this is the whole idea about forest cafe, an Edinburgh CBGB's more poetic rather then punk rock. There is a tension in the air here, a political and spiritual tension. I feel a lot of sadness, frustration and anger at the forest and I can't say I felt very comfortable here but can see how people feeling the same seek out each other to fight internal struggles and injustice in the society. 

They say that a messy room is a messy mind, maybe some passion to make good drinks and food would do good here, after all it is in human nature to seek out good food if we can. Though this is just my opinion.
Only after seeing Peter S's review pop-up on my feed was I reminded of the Forest Café, and also of how little I genuinely liked it.

I love the idea of it. And I tried to like the old one (near Bristo Square). But at that one I ordered a falafel salad. The falafel was so dry I had to order coke to go with it (I never drink coke), but then as one of the servers walked by she knudged by coke with her hip and it spilled into my falafel salad. She just looked behind her, muttered "oh oops" and didn't offer anything, even help to clean it up, let alone more dry falafel.

So with that memory of the old Forest Cafe as the only comparison point I had for the new one, I went along here when it first opened to meet a friend. I admit, I like the space. It's on a corner, all glass, near the Meadows but overlooking Tollcross. They've done a nice job of decorating the ground outside with chalk patterns.

It's probably worth knowing that I went through a two year 'hippy' phase in my youth / pre-teens. I listened exclusively to music pre-1980, wore vintage levis flares, watched the 70s version of Jesus Christ Superstar on a monthly basis, wore tie dye, started a school World Wildlife Fund group, started donating money to save the gorillas. (I didn't say I did the hippy phase very well. It's a sliding scale. I still washed, shaved, and worked.)

Anyway. I have a nostaligic love of all things eco-hippy. I still engage in more spiritual matters -I practice yoga, I try to meditate, I still do my bit to help endangered animals, I use ecover products where possible. But I've grown out of my dreadlock-crush and the 'image' of it all. Because really it is an image.

I'm not trying to bash on anyone. All I'm saying is, I should in theory love the Forest Café. The idea of it appealed to my inner eco-warrior. 

But when I found it cold, the tables dirty, and as Peter S also said, serving cold coffee with very non-engaging or friendly staff, you realise that whilst some things are nice in theory, when it comes to running a business and serving customers, there's certain standards that you just shouldn't let slip. Like smiling. Or serving coffee in clean cups.

I *might* give it another go. Their advertised mexican coffee sounds good. And it's got more romance than the previous venue. But I just can't trust it to be reliably good...
'If you turned lesbian, I'd turn lesbian too..' The tone was set by the band's opening line at the Forest Cafe. It's all a little strange. And quirky. And hipster. I am partial to all these things. On Valentine's day they have 'My heart goes boom, boom, ribbit, ribbit - love for frogs.' It said so on a poster. I have no idea what this entails but it sure adds to the mystery that the Forest Cafe exudes. I think I'd quite like to sit here with a tea when I'm in Edinburgh. It's all very creative and artsy. But 3 stars because the service was exceptionally slow and I think the live music (if as silly as it was when i was there!) may have you wishing for a quieter spot to drink and chat.
I had a Mexican Chai coffee when I visited the new Tollcross-located Forest Cafe for the first time. And it did work. It was really tasty actually, and just the milky-sugary hit I was looking for at the time.

What I do like about Forest Cafe is that you never know quite what to expect when you arrive - the people hanging out here are and always have been a distinct bunch, and it does always feel chilled - and actually, every time I've been here I've got quite a bit of quality writing done, which must mean its artistic leanings have prodded my procrastinating typing fingers into action somehow. It's good to be in an environment where you feel like (almost) anything goes in terms of what kind of a person you are and where your interests lie.

I think it might just need a bit of time to grow into itself (much like a blossoming forest......meh......) and to develop more of a buzzing atmos. Sometimes it just takes a bit of time to find a banter balance that works, and I'm sure (and I hope) that'll happen, because I do like it here. I will return for more sweet Mexican goodness soon.
Great community here- they host all kinds of activities from documentary film releases, to inky fingers writing groups, to whatever people want to share with others.  Just sitting there for any fingers to fondle are three typewriters, glinting with invitation to let the mechanical sound remind the writer how much machination goes into their own work.  

I had a drip coffee, which was eh, but I hear the food is nice. They happened to be making a soup and cutting onions, which I am allergic to, so my eyes were burning and I could not keep them open.  I don't usually like to cry in public, but this was unavoidable, as my eyes were running trying to get the noxious fumes out.  

It is also run by volunteers, so thank to the lovely folks who make this possible!
I have been here a couple of times and each time have felt right at home! I loved the whole vibe of the place, reminiscent of places I used to go to in California (bay area.) 

I also love supporting a non profit vegan/vegetarian cafe. Its artsy, experimental and the food is really tasty! We hung out in it for a good while at lunch today, my toddler completely at home dancing around to depeche mode. The funky ambiance, toys, games, free boxes full of clothes, random objects. I loved that the guy next to us was creating this glittery poster and glueing together a wee ceramic duck. 

The space is just so open and embracing to whatever you may need. You have the guy doing the art next to the dude on his laptop doing his thing and us doing our thing all at the same time in complete harmony. I really enjoy these types of places and feel sad that there arent more of them.
It's clear that the earnest-feeling Forest Cafe is trying to do something different and meaningful, and for that I want to support them. And yet I don't particularly want to return. 

This is one of those funky hip cafes with "freeshop" shelves of books, board games, boxes of knitting supplies, that sort of thing; lots of mismatched wooden chairs and stools, handpainted creaky tables, slightly torn throw pillows. And I see the appeal of Forest Cafe in principle. The problem? It's run by well-intentioned volunteers who don't actually seem to know how to run a cafe. The food just isn't very good and the service is terribly slow. I had a reasonably priced (I think around £5.50) bean burrito, which was enormous and came heaped with a couple of side salads. It was pretty bland. 

Other issues? Besides the very slow service, you need to bus your own dishes, which always annoys me. There's not enough light to read comfortably, which certainly is a design flaw considering their seeming target demographic of environmentally-conscious students, and the entire place is just a bit grimy. The coffee isn't great. Nothing too objectionable, but I won't be returning.
I used to come here to watch some reggae music a while back and I came here on a Saturday night and this lounge got a complete makeover; I didn't even recognize the place. The photos on here doesn't do the interior any justice. Large red velvet couches, big chandeliers. Service and food was excellent. Wish I got the name of our server, she was a doll. I would reccomend the fried mash potato bites for an appetizer! Live music topped of the night. Will be coming back.
I have been here twice for lunch and so far, so good Elixir.  The food was good and the service was even better.   Thank you Amy!!  We will have to give it a try at night . . specially on the weekend when they have live acoustic music.  The atmosphere is great and I look forward to you opening up the outdoor patio.
I really like this place, it's only been open 2 weeks as of now... So that being said they're doing a really good job! 

They use big glasses! Which make you feel like you're getting your money's worth.

Everyone is super nice, welcoming, and accommodating so hopefully that won't change!

Best of all a great dirty vodka martini!
This was the perfect place to relax, be with good people and be in a quiet, non-obnoxious atmosphere.  Delicious food, impeccable specialty drinks, good service and gorgeous decor.  They call it "a locals lounge" and they couldn't have described it better.  It's a beautifully, hip space, off the strip, live music on Friday/Saturday, video poker, tons of sports on and a reasonable tab at the end!

Can't wait to go back!!!!!
VEGETARIAN options in every food category! Awesome happy hour specials- (3-6 am and pm) where else can you get a glass of Stella for $3!!?!? Football specials during every NFL game! Phenomenal staff- super nice and friendly! Open 24 hours! And breakfast served 24/7! My new favorite hangout! Great gaming incentives!  You must go!!!
I came in here expecting a bit more then what I got but over all service made up for it just plan on taking a elevator to get in. They could use a more complex cocktail menu since the name of the lounge is Elixir.
I was very surprised by this place.  It was totally kicked back.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Both bartenders were very alert and super friendly.  They have this hourly bingo drawing for free play.  Surprisingly it paid out quite well for my wife and I.  The food was definitely way above my expectations as well.
Hubby & I have been here for breakfast & lunch. Omelets & home fries were great, as well as the Italian sandwich & fantastic sweet potato fries. Chelsea is a very upbeat & attentive server. Love the décor, music & comfortable booths. This will become a regular in our daily restaurant rotation.
My first time in this little spot and I was so pleased by the experience. The atmosphere is rich & fancy, but the ambiance is laid back. With a little bit of live guitar playing in the background, me and my girls were able to catch a small table in the dining area. The server was polite and took very good care of us. 

Their menu is full of variety from bar food to full delicious entrées. And the waitress mentioned that they have a chef 24/7 who prepares the food fresh daily. I only had a bowl of the French onion soup, but I found it to be delicious! And even had enough for left overs. My friend had a huge plate of nachos, which were good But certainly not the best I've had, one thing I like was that they made it with shredded chicken, que so fresco, & a freshly made guacamole. 

The bar/restaurant is open 24/7, HH is everyday between 3 to 6 AM & PM, and breakfast is served ALL day. Drinks and food not priced too high at all average $4-$9 drinks and food average $$8-13$ That's pretty awesome. Overall, I will definitely come here again. Only downside is there are no games, pool table, darts or other side entertainment- just flat screen TV's and video poker play.
I loved the place.  My wife and I have been looking for a date night spot and struck gold with this place....the food was great our waitress Chelsea was amazing...I recommend the meatballs 3 ways appetizer...if you haven't been please do so and support this newly opened business :)  I know I will
This place is great my husband and I just moved to the area and thought we would check it out. The food was awesome not you typical bar food ... atmosphere was very nice and our server Chelsea was great she was very friendly and informative.  We will definitely be going back.
We had been here when it was Daddy Macs. We decided to go here again on a whim. My wife had purchased a restaurant.com certificate, which always seems to motivate us to try a place. The place is nice the decor had not changed too much from the Daddy Mac days. The food and the service were wonderful. Amy was our server. Along with being very proactive, she had answers to any questions we had about the food and the lounge in general. Again, the food was great with large portions at a reasonable price. It appeared that most if not all of the food was prepared fresh. The dinners all come with a soup or salad starter. We will definitely be going back to this one soon. They are a gambling tavern so minors are not allowed here.
The inside is beautiful, very classy. Good drinks, music wasn't bad and the staff was very friendly. I haven't had the chance to order any food, but when the food is brought out for other people it always looks and smells phenomenal.
My wife, the coupon queen, picked up a Groupon (I think it was) for Elixir, and the coupon worked. We loved the atmosphere, especially the red chandeliers. Actually, I recall being surprised by the atmosphere, because the building outside and even the location did not prepare me for such a complete and abrupt shift in theme. The tables and seating is comfortable and seems to be well thought out. The food was good and there was enough on the menu to have me want to return to try more. This isn't too far from the Galaxy Luxury Theater (LOVE IT) and would make for a great evening of dinner and a movie.
I'm very picky, just ask my husband.  This place is so beautiful at first I felt uncomfortable wearing jeans, but,  that didn't last.  We went early so locals were coming in after work.  Our wait person was excellent ,the food was marvelous and plentiful.  Huge menu.  We will be back.
Great food, great prices
This place had potential so much potential ! And they droped the ball hard. I mean lets start with thier service I dont remember her name but she was amazing greatest service I've had in the valley hands down. However the food was anything but worth the visit . Baked brie sounds amazing but its not , a small pile of crackers and a few grapes from smiths and the rhind to go with your brie :/ , oh and lets not forget the sad sandwhich with cold meat and boring bread . Skip this place save yourself the pain
Best turkey burger in town. Excellent salmon. Service was very, very good. Excellent appetizer of baked Brie.
Just had the brie (appetizer), French onion soup, stroganoff, and banana fritters. 

Brie was slightly under cooked and I wish the caramelized onions had been served atop or in the side for a little more crunch and the water crackers was a bit of a let down. But the flavors were very nice. 

The French onion soup had an excellent broth and imo a bit too much cheese but overall very pleasant. 

The stroganoff's gravy was yummy. I wish it had been made with egg noodles (instead of a spaghetti noodle) and a few slices of the garlic bread to sop up the yumminess. 

For desert my amazing waitress suggested the banana fritters- loved 'em!!!! 

I will be returning to try their pork chops (another Chelsea recommendation) and the meatballs three ways appetizer. 

Ambiance- for a bar/casino/restaurant- the dark reds and blacks with candle lit tables are casual enough for a first date but formal enough for a great  modestly upscale meal.  

Overall, I would recommend Elixer lounge and suggest you bring your appetite.
A shi-shi sports bar with an appetizing menu executed in a very average manner.  

The current tenants of this space (previously Daddy Macs, and Blue Wave before that) have stuck with the existing deep red on black decor and subdued lighting. Very Victorian. It harkens back to the supper clubs of the olden days. I half expect to find gentlemen in top hats when I entered the door. Instead I only found a few mid-day drinkers playing video poker.  Being a sports bar, of course there are wide-screens all over the shop, which seem a bit anachronistic given that the place is swathed in late 19th-century red velvet drapery.

Interestingly, the owners have placed a few old-fashioned items on the menu, such as baked brie, which are juxtaposed with more modern tasters, such as the deep-fried mashed potato bites. The menu is fairly enticing.  Sadly the food falls short. It feels like everything here is made to sound impressive, but, looks and tastes like it was cooked at Wendy's. I would have assumed it was all fresh-made, but it all tastes to me like it originated in the freezer.

Today, I tried the Chicken Florentine Soup. It definitely came from a can.  No doubt about it. Then I got a California Turkey Burger.  The lettuce was limp, the avocado was almost non-existent, and the turkey patty was too salty.  However, there was a nice char on the patty, and I do love grill marks.

My main complaint is that this swanky restaurant has tremendous potential and no one here seems to know how to reach it.  The menu was promising. The descriptions of each item got me salivating.  Unfortunately, my dining experience turned out to be like a bad blind date:  your friend tells you how great this hamburger is, and then you finally meet it... and it is nothing compared to the burger you tasted in your dreams.

My advice to Elixir: if you're going to do gourmet pub food, actually do gourmet pub food.  It's just not right to titillate a person's tongue without bringing the taste buds to climax; wink, wink.
I love the ambiance of Elixir. It's where old Vegas meets new Vegas. It's hidden, so that's difficult for people who aren't familiar to find. Hey, more for me. Actually, it's in an old office building, you can see it from the road, however...it is off the beaten path. It's dark, black, and red. I love it. My servers have always been top notch. Midge, Tracey, and Chelsea seriously are the most nice and genuine waitresses I have met in a long time. Comfy chairs line the stage and if you get there early, you are always guaranteed a good seat. I have been there three times now and have brought people from out of town, as I love to claim Elixir as my cool hidden hideout. Drinks are reasonably priced and if you are lucky enough, hit up happy hour from 3pm to 6pm. The spinach dip is always my favorite. The portions are huge. My only compliant is that I wish the food was just a bit better. The ideas are awesome however the execution just isn't 100% yet. I've ajd appetizers, entrees, and desserts, and it's across the board. I overlook that for the drinks and service. Try the signature martini if you like a drink that will make your mouth pucker. The dirty martinis are fabulous. And they have a decent wine selection. So...maybe I'm partial. I am all in on this one. I hope they stay for a long time. It's everything I want in a bar. If you want to game, they have video poker at the bar and numerous flat screen TVs. The music is awesome with its eclectic selection. If you get the chance, check their website for when Patrick Genovese is there on a Friday or Saturday night. He is a phenomenal, and I mean knock your socks off, singer and guitar player. Mind blown. You can go in casual, but feel high class. It's worth it to check it out.
Elixir won me back over tonight. My husband and I had been getting food to go here a few times until we decided to go in one day and actually order food from the restaurant in person. I was impressed with the decor and the ambiance. However, I was very disappointed with the service. She was rude and she almost seem annoyed we were there bothering her. So I said I would never go back in again. From that point, I decided to continue to just call in my order because their food is good. I recommend the mashed potato bites as an appetizer. Unique and delicious. I get the California burger every time and its really good. My husband is the one who tries new things and tonight it was the beef stroganoff. He really liked it. He would prefer egg noodles on it and a bit more bread with it, but he still enjoyed it very much. He got a groupon, so that is why I agreed to go back in, watch the U of A game because they do have awesome and giant screens, but I was hesitant. Hesitant we would get the last server we got. Well, CHELSEA redeemed the last servers experience for me. She was a great server, attentive, sweet, and fast. When we go back in, I want her as our server because she's on top of it. Nothing like great customer service and great food, so for that reason I took time to write a review. We will be back.
I was invited to a meeting at the upstairs party room. The noise coming from downstairs was way too loud considering it was mid day. We were only separated from the downstairs by a heavy curtain. Also needs a paint job..lots of scuff marks and leftover tape or something on the walls.  Service was good. Food was just ok. I'd eat here again of someone invited me but it's definitely not my first choice.
Really good food, warm atmosphere, clean, and a great sever! Caprese sandwich and salmon with mushroom risotto were delicious with quality, tasty ingredients. Server was very knowledgable about beer and provided good service.
obviously anyone who rated this lower than three or said they dropped the ball is a metal defective. 
first: the place is decorated posh and over the top with the black and red, that is over the top good. from the red chandeliers to the black framed mirrors it screams amazing. the lighting is fantastic. the seating is comfortable.
second: the service is out the door the best i have ever had. the waitress not only got everything from drinks to appetizers to the meal right but did it all with out writing a thing down. i have been places where the waitress writes it down and still gets it wrong. she was super friendly and even joked with us. (we can be rowdy). 
third: the food was spectacular. i don't usually get appetizers but the ones we got were fantastic. stuffed mushrooms and mashed potato bites. the salad that came with the meal was plenty big, and it came with the meal, no if you want a salad its an extra 3 bucks like most places do now days. the portion sizes were good size and every thing tasted fantastic, not one complaint from a table of 5. i got the fish and chips and unlike most fish and chips where its all batter and no fish this was big chunks of fish lightly battered and tons of fries. 
this place is a little hidden but GPS it. it was one of the best places i have been in a long time. when your tired of the olive gardens and outbacks, this place is fresh, beautiful, and well worth it.
Very good food excellent service planning on coming back. Great place for both men and woman a feminine side with chandeliers and sports shows for the guysThey also have live music at 8 pm and go on Groupon for fantastic deals 20.00 dollars 2 entrée s and an appetizer. Easy parking. Our waitress Tracy was friendly competent knowledgeable knew how to use the Groupon deal
Checked out this place on a Monday night for the first time.  We used my Groupon deal (1 appetizer and 2 entrees) that expired the following day.  The menu had a decent selection.  Not as big as the sister bar (Remedys) but there was enough options.  

The decor is nice.  Red and black colors with velvet panels and curtains.  It definitely had a Frank Sinatra era feel.  Gorgeous red chandeliers and comfy plush chairs.  

Our waitress, Chelsea, was GREAT! She educated us on the daily events that happen at Elixir and guided us on the menu.  She paced out our food order perfectly so we had time to enjoy each dish. 

We ordered the chicken nachos. The marinated shredded chicken was delicious.  I like how they put the sour cream, guacamole and salsa on the side so it didn't make the chips soggy. They serve generous portions here for sure.  I has the t-bone pork chop and my husband has the seared beef medallions.  Both super delicious and the presentation was as if I was dining at a fancy restaurant on the strip! I was very surprised.  The side salad that came with the entree looked like an entree itself.  Big plate and the house salad was made of dark greens and not the typical romaine lettuce.  

We will definitely come back to check out the weekly poker tournament, the live entertainment on Fridays and Saturdays and definitely the food. 

The drinks.. I personally thought my vodka tonics were watered down.  My husbands Long Islands were ok.  So I changed it up and had Jack Honey on the rocks since they do not serve Patron.  Thus, my reason for the 4 stars. 

Great place overall and a much see!
Just an awesome all-around experience. Beautiful burgundy and black dining room, with thirty foot or so ceilings and gorgeous curtains and chandeliers - Elixir has an incredible ambience. The booth seating if extremely comfortable too. The food is not only very tasty, but well-presented, and severely underpriced. The French Onion soup is well worth the $1.50 upcharge, and I was pleasantly surprised by the Fish and Chips I was craving. My first time here, but if the rest of the servers are even half as personable and attentive as Chelsea was, you are in for being well taken care of. I can't wait to head back and try the rest of the menu items!
Wen we first pulled up we weren't sure about it. The location seemed to be a bit hidden and suspicious. However, it was amazing. The decor is excellent, they have poker on Tuesdays and live music on Friday and Saturday. Their food was excellent and super cheap (with appetizers, two meals, two alcoholic drinks, and an after dinner coffee our bill was 52.99). Our server, Amy, was fantastic. She had service that made us feel like we were in a fancy five star restaurant. Just the right mixture of business and casual. We loved it here and will return.
Our current favorite local bar. Love the red and black decor, I kind of feel like I'm in a scene of scarface. I love everything from the menus to the awesome bar staff. Shout out to my fave Tony! He always takes such great care of us. Food wise we've had the poached salmon salad (fave) chicken wings, chicken roulenade, and a few of the salads. All amazing. I highly suggest this bar to anyone in the area.
We came in for St Patricks Day and Corned Beef & Cabbage of course.  It is the best we have found in this town so far.  The corned beef is perfectly cooked, the cabbage is not watery & runny like a lot of places, the carrots are amazing and the potatoes have good seasoning.  I say this place is a winner with a great atmosphere and food.
I am never on this side of town but I just so happen to be yesterday. My friend and I got hungry so we searched for places on the yelp app. Found this one and decided to check it out. I read a couple reviews before coming and was determined to get the corned beef and cabbage (since it was at paddys day). The person that wrote the review said the cabbage was not overly soggy like most other places so I was hoping for that but was disappointed when my meal came out. Not only was the cabbage soggy, but so were the carrots and potatoes! I wasn't happy about this. They also had a $3 Irish car bomb or $3 pint of Guinness special going on the day so I ordered a Guinness. I was surprised when it came out... In a can, with a glass. Guinness is a pretty popular drink! Why do they not have this on tap? Would have been so much better but it was only $3. No big deal.

After finishing the meal and our drinks, I felt this place deserved around a 4-5 star rating. My view totally changed after getting the check. I handed our waitress my CC and she took off to close out the transaction. We kept waiting and waiting for her to come back. She was busy tending to a couple other tables around the restaurant so I figured we should keep waiting. 20 minutes went by and I still have yet to see my card or receipt come back so I could sign. We finally got their attention and as it turns out... They forgot!!!! How incredibly annoying. It wasn't even busy as there were only two other tables in the dining area.

Overall, this place is alright. The atmosphere is amazing. I loved all their decor. Totally looks like a fancy cocktail bar. Service could be a lot better!
Great neighborhood bar and restaurant. Food is excellent and reasonably priced. Staff is attentive and friendly. I definitely recommend the prime rib on Friday nights!  Good Happy Hour menu as well.
This is a great local place in Henderson. The food is amazing, they have great happy hour specials and they have fun events. The staff is really nice and helpful. The atmosphere is nothing like any other place in the area. It even has a little stage and they have live music on the weekends. What I like about this place the most is that you can go and have a drink and not be bombarded with gambling machines. They have machines, but if you want to go to another area without them and have a drink and listen to music, you can just sit in a comfy booth. I don't live far from this place and I go there all of the time because it is really the best place to go in Henderson.
Wow...just wow.  I have known of Elixir for about a year and hesitated to try it out for dinner because it was a "lounge".  Big mistake.  From the moment we walked in to the plush, nicely decorated and spacious environment, I had high hopes...and was not in the least disappointed.  Frankly, when I looked at the menu I was a bit worried that they were not charging enough for the food to be good...yes, the prices are that low.  I ordered the Salmon Risoto and my wife had a chicken dish, both of which were first rate deliciously awesome.  Top that off with one of the better salads I've had at any restaurant and you can count us as happy campers.

Although it certainly is a "lounge", as in bar, the tables and booths are plentiful and spacious.  There was live music being performed at the perfect volume.  I found the other clientele to be a cut above average, as was the wait staff - and by demonstration, the kitchen staff.

We were already plotting our return to Elixir half way through our visit and decided it would be a great place to come back to for dinner, drinks, hanging out, taking friends or for any reason at all.

In short, I loved Elixir and wish I'd tried it out sooner!
I can not say enough good things about this place. My fiance (Aww yeah! Just got engaged! Woohoo!) and I had the pleasure of attending a tasting event at Elixir and were were floored on how amazing this place is. 

Location: I'm rarely in this area when I visit, but because of Elixir- I am sure to come back (with all my friends). Pretty easy to find as well. No issues here!

Parking: Plentiful. No issues finding parking at all. 

Decor: Red and black. Very modern with a funky elegant feel. Chairs were comfortable, tables were plentiful, and they have large booths for bigger groups. The bar is located in the middle and to the left is a stage for live music. 

Service: Service was excellent. Our waitress was super cheerful and very personable. Also, we were able to meet one of the owners and he was an absolute gem to have a conversation with.  Our water cups were never empty and we never felt like we were playing "hide and seek" with our waitress. 

Drinks: We had the Elixir signature drink and wow did it have a kick. I don't recall what is in it, exactly, all I know is that it has a redvine  as a garnish and it and was very delicious. 

Food: We had a range of food to try but the ones that stood out to us the most were the Australian lamb lollipop chops, the tri-colored five cheese tortellini, and the lasagna. Sauces were very tasty and fresh. The lamb was cooked perfectly and every bite was heavenly. Also, I was looking over their special event pricing and it was very affordable. Maybe we'll book our engagement party here. :) 

Dessert: We had their version of a tiramisu and I wish I had an extra serving. It had blueberries and was served in a glass. Yum! 


TL:DR: Try this place out. Strong drinks, good food, and great service. I'll be sure to tell all my friends!
Pretty sure this was the worst service I've ever experienced in Vegas. Ever. Did my dream of having the super power of invisibility come true? Because it sure felt like I was invisible the entire time I was here.

Upon sitting down, I was greeted within 5 mins. Ok. I was asked if I wanted a menu and I said yes. I received my beer and menu...and then boring. I sat there for over an hour. We finally got someone to come over after flagging them down. Not a good start.

And then our food order was poorly timed. And then we couldn't get anyone to close us out. I must have that power of invisibility. It's not like the bar was overly crowded. And the two bartenders seemed to hate each other. And they only liked to pay attention to the customers they knew (and those folks didn't get checks).

Here's a rundown of the food and drinks:
- Beer offerings are alright. Mostly crap beers with a couple of decent ones. 3 stars
- Whiskey Sour was impossibly weak. All ice and sour. 1 star 
- Chipotle chicken nachos were huge, but mostly all chips. Chicken had a decent flavor. Salsa was meh. Guac was good. 2.5 stars
- Wedge and steak salad was ok. Wedge salad part had ok enough flavors. Not much bacon on it. The steak was really fatty and incredibly bland. 2 stars 
- The stroganoff was the best dish. Meat was cheap and some of it fatty. But the flavors were good. And the pasta was cooked well. 3 stars

I really wanted to like this place. I'm close to it on a regular basis. But the service was so crappy. And the food just didn't overcome the crappy service. So while the decor and ambiance are nice, I won't be a regular. Maybe it's better if you sit at a table? Maybe it's better on a different night with different bartenders?
After reading great reviews, I decided to make reservations for 10 to celebrate a 30th birthday. I was completely disgusted with the service we received from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. 

As soon as we walked in the waitress who sat us was hanging over a table eating french fries from a customers plate. She rudely asked if we were the party of 10 and brought us to our seats. When it came time to order the food the waitress (wish I got her name) was so rude it was unbelievable!! She rolled her eyes and huffed and puffed because it was a little loud and confusing with our big group. I don't care how big and loud we are, you DO NOT roll your eyes and pout like a baby to your customers. While she was picking up the menus she dropped them and said "god damnit" right behind us!   When our food came out it was up to us to figure out where the plates needed to go and we were missing an entrée. When we finally waved down the waitress she stated "well I gave them the order there was just a lot of food" so we decided to cancel the plate. Five minute later she drops it in front of us and says well the chef made so I wanted to give you the option to eat it. 

That was the last straw, a member from our group found a manager and explained our complete disgust with our waitress. The manager claimed to be shocked and said she was her best waitress. If she is your best waitress then that might explain why your restaurant was dead on a Saturday night.  The manager did comp all of our drinks which was 71$ but still added the 18% gratuity and a service charge. I would have paid for my drinks instead of giving the waitress our money.  


The waitresses are so concerned with catering to the 5 older regulars then the new business that is coming in. The sad part is the food was decent and the music was enjoyable they have so much potential but will not have repeat customers with those waitresses. If it wasn't for having such a big party on a Saturday night, we would have walked out upon arriving. 

Decent food, good music, and the worst service I have ever experienced in Las Vegas! Wish they didn't have good food so I could give them 1 star.
I didn't know what to expect from Elixer.  Located in an odd corner of Henderson intermixed among apartments and a small office complex.  It seemed odd entering and having to take an elevator upstairs but it created an interesting mistique.  The staff was friendly and Teresa and Tony were very helpful learning the menu.  There was live music on Saturday on a small stage.  They have happy hour till 6 but I was late.  There is a nice selection of beers and well drinks.  I only ordered an appetizer, the mashed potato bites, which were heavenly.  I gambled a bit so my drinks were free (something I didn't know about bars because I never play at the bar).  I was up about 80 dollars but I felt terrible about it so I gambled until it was all gone.  All in all it was a nice few hours on a Saturday evening watching sports on the several TV's above the bar.  

THERE IS ALSO A POOL TABLE!!!!!!!! and poker tournaments on Tuesday Nights.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon with babe. 

Shes been here before but wanted to take me there for my first time. Its right by her work and said that they have really good food.

We ordered the chicken wings, stuffed mushrooms and fries.
Chicken wings were really good nice and crispy. We usually prefer the sauce on the side so the wings dont become soggy. The stuffed mushrooms omg really good, but i think i can make them better. lol. And fres you know fries are always a must. But the food was really good. 

Its really nice inside it reminds me of Burlesque the movie. Really intimate and sexy. Its kind of hard to find the place since its like in a corporate area but try this place. Its really good and the waitresses are really sweet.
I'll keep it short and sweet... great service, awesome food, and strong drinks!!! I will be back for sure
The food was pretty good - kinda fancy American style. 
I was really excited about the location because it's kinda on a hill with this huge patio upstairs. Unfortunately, they closed the patio and put curtains over all the windows! What?!!?? I would have loved to come here and sit in the patio, enjoying the view and weather with a drink. I guess they're more focused on the gaming. Too bad because what could be a cool neighborhood bar is now just a pts with a red interior. Oh and to top it all off, it's smoky as hell inside. Probably won't be back.
One of my friends started working at this place when it opened. I enjoyed it back then because it was nice to get out of the typical bar environment. Recently, they've added a nice red felted pool table to match the ambiance of the place (along with Golden Tee) and I'm a happier camper. The service staff are all very friendly and the food is pretty good too!
A Groupon took us there last weekend. It sounded kind of cool and chill. We arrived rather early on a Saturday night--probably before six. It was trendy-looking with black and red decor--a little modern gothic. However, at that time, it was brightly lit, sports games were playing on big monitors, and country music was blaring. Was it a sports bar or a chill-out lounge? Very strange. Closer to 7, the lights went down, and we saw a musician setting up, so perhaps later into the evening it looks like it the name suggests. 

I ordered the Elixir Margarita, which was probably one of the worst I've ever had. It tasted like straight lime juice. I like a little more sweet.  It was happy hour when I ordered it, so it wasn't very expensive. 

Our Groupon was for an appetizer and two entrees. We ordered the nachos. The up side was that it was a HUGE portion. This would have been perfect for a table of friends sharing some munchies over happy hour.  For two of us, it was a MEAL! It was not that great tasting, though. The meat was pretty flavorless, and the real cheese stuck it all together pretty fast. Kind of reminded me of when I make nachos at home. Eh. 

My husband ordered a steak, and it was cooked nicely, and it had a good flavor. 
I ordered Angel Hair Pasta, and it was fresh and had a nice flavor.  I only ate a few bites because of the nachos, and I took the rest home. The next night my family of 4 ate it for dinner. It was that big of a portion!

I'm ambivalent about going there again to eat.   Apparently they have live music in the evenings on the weekends, so if we're in the neighborhood, I think I'd like scope it out then.
I had one one the best old fashions I've had in a while. Street tacos were fantastic, great presentation as well. Service was good, cool atmosphere to relax and have a good drink with some good food. Would definitely recommend it, and would definitely go back again.
I absolutely love the interior design. I would take any friends here for a night out that is close to home but not the typical dive or gaming bar feel. This place feels snazzy. 
The us timer service is great. All of the hosts are interactive and make you feel comfortable but not overwhelmed. 
Thanks for a superb environment to relax and have a drink.
My cousins 30th bday dinner was Saturday night at Elixir...I had read multiple positive reviews and figured all would go off without any hitches....WRONG. 
From the second we walked in I was kind of put off...the hostess/waitress was sitting at a hi top table with a patron eating his french fries. She proceeded to seat us and treated us as though we had interrupted her effing meal. 
It only got worse. Now let me tell you, I am very much a go with the flow type of personality. I have learned not to expect too much because you will constantly end up disappointed. That being said, our server was not only incompetent, but, had a stank ass attitude to go along with her ineptitude. After we placed our orders she proceeded to clear the table of menus, as she was doing this she dropped the menus and loudly said "god d*** it!" Listen I'm no holy roller, but, that shite was uncalled for. 
The food was brought to our table in no particular order and we were given the task of sorting which meal went to which seat. I had ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich, which by now I'm sure you have guessed did not even show up with the rest of the food. So as our sourpuss server comes by again, I asked if my meal would be out shortly, to which she replied what did you order again? I told her I had ordered a  Philly cheesesteak and she in a irritated manner said "okay, I will let the kitchen know you want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich." She made it sound like I never ordered anything to eat in the first place. I sat there for a second and thought to myself "I don't want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich, I want the one that I ordered 20 minutes ago!"
In conclusion I want to be fair to this joint and let everyone know that the food I actually ate was pretty good,but, the service sucked gonads.
I first experienced a taste of Elixir at a Yelp Elite event.  The bountiful food served was so good that night that I vowed to be back.  And, even though the food choices appearing on the regular menu were totally different than what was offered buffet style to Yelpers a month earlier, they were still of 5-star quality.  Meatballs 3-Ways with Ricotta Cheese, herbs, and spices was a large and comforting appetizer that was served with Alfredo, Marinara, and an interesting Green Pepper Cream Sauce.  When requested grated Parmesan Cheese arrived, I liberally sprinkled what appeared to be fresh cheese onto the meatballs, and was quite pleased with the result.  Breaded Chicken Fingers were mild, well made, and also satisfying.

These fine apps were followed by an excellent cheesy French Onion Soup prepared with nicely caramelized Vidalia Onions and a well-deconstructed crouton in a Sherry Wine Beef Broth that was capped by a lid of melted Swiss Cheese.

An enormous entree of off-the-menu Beef Stroganoff was simply excellent, with abundant lengths of lean beef, an immense amount of flat noodles, and creamy, heart-warming Brown Sauce intermixed with sour cream.  What I took home was too big for lunch, so it served as another delicious dinner.

Beer Battered Fish & Chips included moist deep-fried cod and a tasty homemade Lemon Tartar Sauce accompanied by creamy Coleslaw.  

Our request to put our leftover food in the cooler while my party of four adjourned to play several hands of Nevada Poker League-sponsored Texas Hold 'em upstairs was graciously granted by our server Katie.  Hours later our food was cheerfully brought to us, and we left.  

But not for long!  I will surely be back for more onion soup and sumptuous stroganoff!
I love this place and there drink menu the atmosphere is very nice and the locals are welcoming. I will go again! Probably become a regular! Love bands on weekends!
I've been here a few times for early evening drinks. The ambiance of the place is great! Very swanky in red and black. The location is nice too, it seems an odd place for a lounge but I like it. I don't have to go to the strip or downtown to get that little bit of extra over your regular neighborhood bar. 

It's pretty mellow and quite enough to have a conversation, which is a rare find for a bar! But on my most recent visit last night (a Friday night) it was getting a little loud with a band setting up. Nevertheless the vibe is what sells me on this place. I'm heading there again tonight for a 1st date. Hopefully the Saturday night vibe doesn't kill the chill lounge vibe. 

Lastly, on the menu, this is why it only gets 3 stars. I haven't eaten much here but nibbled on a few fries, or the like, from others plates. I don't remember  finding much for vegetarian options. They seem limited to the pretzel bites, make your own pizza, or a veggie burger. They don't even have a vegetarian salad, how odd is that? It's a SALAD. You're supposed to be focusing on the veggies in that case. Pretty boring in my opinion. Asking for subtractions or substitutions is a pain but if your diet is other than avid carnivore you'll need to be that person here. Friends that are carnivores say the food is good though.
Loved this little place. A true local gem, with great brews and good food!
It's taken a long time but we finally have a small local brewery by us in the west valley.  Throughout my posts you will quickly learn this side of town is just missing the love when it comes to good local joints.  But no more, we found out about a small brewery that is located in the small historic corner of Litchfield Park. 

The menu is still a work in progress but they have a few snacks and sandwiches that will help you soak up some great pints.  They have about 7 different brews, they have a few IPA's, an oatmeal stout and a red ale too.  The black IPA is awesome and my personal favorite.  

The ambiance is very small, the seating for this place is definitely at about 25 people if that. One of the owners, Neil is there talking and greeting customers and he had been brewing for over a decade and cares about the quality and feedback, I suggest you stop by and support their shop.
Not many true microbreweries in west Phoenix but this one is pretty solid! Small, intimate bar, very limited space and everyone is very close when it's full which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Beers taste great (they were still naming the on the spot)! Menu limited to 3 basic items, but hell, a brewery should keep it simple! Well done, keep it going!
The litchfield taproom is a brewery near the wigwam with an old world feel that has a great atmosphere, friendly service, and most importantly, fantastic beer! Can't wait to go again!
My boyfriend had an IPA which he said was great.  I had an amber beer but would rather have had a wine or lighter beer but they didn't gave that as a choice.  The place is a work in progress.   Needs some ambiance for sure. Dim the lights, add some mirrors (because it is so small, the mirrors will open it up a bit) add wine to your menu and chill your glasses.  Offer a lighter beer choice too.  Menu needs improvement.
Bartender was so cute and nice and the beer is really good- Paul's pale and pb porter!
I stumbled across this place after a failed attempt at a date - and after opening the door, was immediately greeted by the lovely and beautiful Erika.  She suggested a flight of beers - allowing me to try many of what they had on tap.  I agreed and after my first flight, I figured the best value was in having another one (6 oz. x 4 glasses for $8).  So that's exactly what I did, which was the right choice.  They have your garden variety IPA options, but what impressed me was their Strawberry Field Hef - it wasn't too wheaty, wasn't too sweet, and was quite refreshing.  That said, the beers tasted good, and the grilled ham and cheese, despite being a little too sweet for my taste, was a nice touch.  My advice would be spend some bucks on décor / ambiance and improve the menu slightly - and you've got something.  The brewmaster / owner was in the kitchen making the food, which I always find interesting - but until they get much busier that won't be an issue.  By the time I finished, there were three other couples in there sitting down for a drink - it seemed as if a place like this is well received, and I always love giving business to local brewers - craft beer is my absolute favorite.  I hope this place makes it!
This place is a solid find for the west valley craft beer scene.  Brown ale, chocolate stout, and red ale are all excellent. Haven't had the chance to try the others, but I will.