Having not been in Favorit for a while (in part I expect due to the refurbishment mentioned in earlier reviews) in the space of the last couple of weeks I've been in 3 times  twice in the wee hours & once on a weekend afternoon. I've had to rack my brains to see if my recollection of it was as poor as the current reality but upon reading the other 5 reviews here it seems things have always been ropey. Dealing with the positives first my French Toast with Bacon & Maple Syrup along with my friend's order turned up in good time after the order was placed, as did our paninis on the first of our 1am visits. Drinks were also not delayed. On the down side, however, our second late night visit saw us having to amend our drinks order twice (first due to there being no St. Helier cider & secondly due to there being no Rose) and the requested Nachos with no Guacamole but extra Sour Cream arrived with the green stuff & not the white as Sour Cream had also run out. They were therefore left untouched (they looked rather unappetising anyway due to the uber-orange cheese used in their preparation). Invisibility at time of the bill being required was also an issue. As an earlier reviewer points out they have a captive audience but this should really spur them to do the niche they occupy justice. 2-and-a-half years after my last visit here I took the decision to pop in last Friday around Midnight for want of anywhere decent that wasn't soon going to be kicking out. Nothing's really changed since 2008. Both my companion and I ordered Caesar salads and I also had a burger, having wrongly assumed my salad would be starter sized. The salads were of decent proportion but the chicken noticeably dry whilst the burger was no different from what I could manage to remove from a packet and grill myself at home. For some reason too my supposed mango shake tasted mostly of banana. Leaving the rating at 2 because you could probably still manage to sit here for hours and not eat without getting hustled out by the staff but I really must remember not to go here when food's required. Ended up here for food yesterday teatime (not my choice) and got the impression the place had changed hands. Service was good (we were the only customers for the hour we were there so they'd have been hard pressed to mess that up) but the Arabic wrap wasn't as good as some I've had from other places in town of late. 
Change of ownership thoughts were occasioned by what looks to be refurbished seating and the redesigned menu (see photo) which whomever quality controlled it before printing deserves the sack for  as well as the highlighted error it is riddled with 'serve' instead of served and offers 'Quacamole' as well as the commoner, non-duck Guacamole. Not something that creates a good image.
I ate here with a friend for lunch the other day, even though neither of us had eaten there before, but it was certainly a good spur-of-the-moment decision. 

With the exposed brickwork, dim lighting, and lots of dark wood and chrome, the place has an immediately laid-back yet fashionable vibe to it. You can take your pick from one of the window booths, or for large groups there are several long booths towards the back (which keeps the noise away from the rest of us... a definite Plus in my book!)

My partner and I decided to go for the 3 For £8 tapas-style small dishes... although small they definitely were not! I had ordered a bowl of soup and my partner a portion of nachos to go with the 'nibbles', and despite our best efforts we simply couldn't finish it all! 

Although the dishes differed slightly from what was advertised on the menu (the mini toasted ciabattas with sun-dried tomatoes, parma ham and mozzarella had no parma ham and had brie instead of mozzarella), all of the food was delicious. My favourite of the 3 For £8 had to be the grilled teryaki chicken breast kebab skewers - they came served with flatbreads and generously drizzled with tzatziki, and  the pieces of chicken were enormous.The nachos, unlike so many other places, were absolutely bursting with toppings and the soup was piping hot.

I've also had breakfast here too once before - the granola served with fresh fruit and yogurt is a great way to set you up for the day, and at only £2.95 you can't really go wrong.

Favorit is fully licensed, I spied a whole range of spirits and wines behind the bar, although in the end my partner and I opted for draught beer and cider. This would be my one criticism: a pint of Strongbow cost more than the granola breakfast.

All in all though, this place very quickly became one of my regular eating out spots and by the looks of it I'm not the only one.
Years ago, when I was at school, my mates and I used to come down to Bristo Square to ogle the skateboarders and smoke fags (we were a classy bunch). After we'd had our fill of ogling and smoking we would head over to Favourit for a panini and something to drink, I thought this place was the dog's bollocks. Remembering my happy times here back in the day, I suggested having a bite to eat here with my boyfriend. It was not a good idea. The décor is exactly the same as it used to be, so the places looks tired and in need of a bit of sprucing up. The waitress was really unfriendly and unhelpful, service was slow and she didn't smile once. We had planned on having something to eat, but after sitting down and being ignored, ended up only having a drink. If this place is going to survive, it really needs to make a few changes.
A restaurant/bar right across from the old medical School. I have only been here for lunch but I have heard it's bar and dinner options are a good night out. As for lunch it's a table service place so it can be a bit slow at times. The waitress who served us had had a bad day or was just generally fed up with serving students. There was a lot of choice for food but I wasn't all that pleased with the prices for what was on offer ( a sandwich for 6 pounds?!).
I came here once upon a time whilst looking for somewhere reasonably cheap and quick during a study break.  The first thing that struck me is the canteen-like interior, stainless steel tables and food on the floor. But I had arrived just after the lunch-time rush so I understood and forgave. 

I had a tuna nicoise salad, which was lovely!! My friend had a mozzarella panini, which she sad was a bit greasy but good nevertheless. My salad was £6 and her panini was £2.75, so it wasn't too expensive and I was stuffed all day!

It is in a great location for students, and great for those who just want a sandwich.
I've always been a fan of the in between a cafe and a bar stance, if it's done right, and I think Favorit does it well. Situated pretty conveniently on Teviot Place, near all the Grassmarket/Cowgate shenanigans, it's a good place to go to take refuge from the full on alcoholism of the bar scene nearby, if you're just in that mood where you can't be bothered. Favorit is that good happy medium, because you don't feel lame for sitting in a cafe on a Saturday night when you feel you should be partying, because you can still sit and have a good few drinks here.

Favorit has that icey, modern look going on, which works, and there is a range of pretty standard fare on the meny, like nachos, paninis and salads, which are always decent enough. Favorit is open until 3am on a Friday and Saturday - brilliant knowledge to have when you're wandering about at that awkward time between the pubs and clubs closing, when you fancy another drink, but don't fancy the hefty entrance fee at some of the clubs.
I remember nipping in here a fair few years back when I was visiting my pals who were at uni in Edinburgh, and being marginally impressed with the cafe / bar style of the place, and a particularly satisfying soup and sarnie deal they had going.

Nowadays, it looks a bit tired, the decor looks a bit cheap, and to be honest, after a takeaway coffee that was both expensive and as bitter as a member of the Tartan Army, it seems as if Favorit has left the glory days long behind.

Still passable, but in an area crawling with independant, unique places to drink and eat, no longer a big hitter.
Edinburgh has its fair share of themed Scottish restaurants and swanky cafe bars, so the tired look of Favorit's moody interior lured me in.

If a diner and a downtrodden cocktail bar had a baby, it would be Favorit. It has the dive bar quality to it but with a classier edge. I don't want to downplay how nice it looks because you can tell it is a place of quality when you step through the door.

It has long booths which are good for groups, and corners you can hide in if you're stopping by for dinner and an intimate canoodle with your better half. Its back bar is lined with booze and they do some nice white wines.

The menu is pretty standard for a cafe/bar - they sell panini's, wraps and snacky nachos. They serve up a few mains and a small number of veggie options. The food is decent and served well into the evening which is handy.

It's a nice place to dine and isn't as high maintenance as other places in Edinburgh, which is appreciated. With the house music thumping softly enough in the background to hold a conversation, Favorit makes a good venue for meeting your friends for a few drinks, especially during the week.

Although this place is like Marmite to reviewers, I have only praise. Since I don't stay in Edinburgh and only come through to visit friends, I guess I see its better side. Its broody exterior and tasty offerings go down well with me.
Favorit is situated in an ideal location - just on the edge of George Square, the Edinburgh students playground, so is in a great location for students to pop in for their lunch or to have a drink in the evening. Favorit has a fairly standard menu for a cafe in this area of Edinburgh, serving sandwiches, panini's, toasties and salads. I have had the nachos several times which are tasty and well priced, just under five pounds. Favorit also serve breakfasts and do tapas style dishes which are great for an afternoon snack. My friend absolutely adores their coke floats and their milkshakes are delicious too and very filling. 

Favorit is fully licensed and has an impressive selection of different drinks behind the counter and does a delicious White Russian. Probably the best aspect of it is that it serves food till 2.30 am and stays open till 3am - a good place to grab some munchies on your way home from a night out. The service is generally quite speedy but if there are several tables full at one time it can get painfully slow.
Favorit is a place that I have visited almost every week in term time.  This emerged from a need for somwhere serving great food after 10pm, as somewhere I can roll into after an evening helping with a local children's charity, who I volunteer with on a weekly basis.  Favorit fits the bill, and I am gradually working my way through their awesome menu.

The food is the thing that keeps me coming back.  My particular favourite are the lunches, all served with potato wedges.  I love the quesadillas and the Spanish lunch in particular, and these are the ones I've had the most.  The nachos are also well worth trying.  They operate a student discount, and regularly have other deals going on.  Staff are mostly efficient, though there was one time where a drinks order was got nearly completely wrong.

A handy location right next to the University of Edinburgh campus means that Favorit was always going to be a student favourite (!), and it is no surprise to me that my friends are of the same opinion to me about this place.  It's the sort of place that once you've been there once, you'll struggle to think of any better alternatives!
Favorit is decent. It's the kind of place you go if you can't be bothered to be surrounded by hoards of people. If you want to sit by the huge windows (which they keep open during the summer) and people watch while drinking wine at an inappropriate time in the early afternoon. 

But. Don't. Eat. There. They just don't make very good food. Again, I'm picky and perhaps even a bit of a snob, so for all I know, other people might love it. They do, however, make decently priced alcoholic coffees: for something between two and three pounds. You can get a shot of whiskey, baileys or sherry (and probably more) in a latte and it's terribly sweet but also terribly tasty if you're feeling terribly decadent. Terribly.
This place is, well, average. Two of us made a snap decision to eat dinner in here after a particularly good Fringe show. The town was mobbed and Favorit looked reasonably busy but not packed, so in we went. 

We sat next to the deli counter, so cling filmed cakes eyed me for the duration of my meal. The staff were pleasant and reasonably prompt so no issues with the service. 

We ordered the veggie burger (£8.20) and the cheese burger (£8.90). For that price I was expecting a good-sized plate of reasonable quality food. 

Dinner arrived reasonably quickly and the portion sizes were not pathetic, which seemed to be a good thing. However, both the veggie and meat patties were of the frozen variety, and the bun was a sesame seed effort straight out a packet. The wedges were frozen and the salad was a sprinkling of iceberg with two lonely looking olives cast adrift in the middle of the sea of cheap lettuce. 

The food filled a hole, but both of us remarked that we wouldn't eat it again. Especially since it was the better part of nine quid each. Scandalous what eateries can get away with charging, especially during the Fringe! For out of the packet fare, I'd rather just spend £2 at Iceland and make it myself...

I pondered a dessert, but saw that the cakes were, like everything else, out of a packet. Slices were cut off of a large Costco type mother-ship of icing, and then scooshy cream and squeezy dessert sauce was applied as a sort of pressurised bottle garnish.  Eurgh. Not for me! 

Still, the food was hot and palatable and it stopped our tummies grumbling. Go here if you're stuck and you need food pronto, but there are a lot of much nicer independents in the area so give them a go first.
Busy and friendly, Favorit is nice and central and handy for anyone attending Fringe events. The menu was decent enough and I went for a safe bet of a cheeseburger and wedges (£8.90).

Sadly, the portion size wasn't too inspiring and the burger seemed to be of the supermarket frozen variety, with a handful of thin wedges sprinkled around it and some lettuce. The meal tasted OK, as you'd expect from that description.

Fast service helped the meal pass quite quickly, but I doubt I'll be back.
Where else could you go in the centre of the Old Town for a milkshake, piece of pie or burger at 1.30am? Y'know, like the old school american diner style. Favorit it seems.

I think this is its main appeal to me. It's slap-bang in the middle of Teviot Row, just opposite the Meadows, near the Grassmarket and only 4 minutes from the Royal Mile. It's got that diner-feel with the booths, but a bit more upmarket than a greasy-spoon style diner. Nice decor, warm interior and friendly staff.

I haven't eaten here and can see a few other folk weren't overly impressed by burgers and the like. But, as I said, if you're in the area and need somewhere to come for a coffee or a piece of pie at 1am, like they do in the movies, perhaps after an all-night study session at the library, or as is current after a late-night Festival show, then look no further. For that, I like Favorit a lot.
A curious wee place.

Not my favorit place in the world.. (I am so sorry) but it's notable in its own right for the novelty of being open so late in a great location.

Why stroll up and down the streets post-midnight with a takeaway in hand when you can sit comfortably with some decent grub?

Something along those lines.

Nice welcoming decor with wine bottles all over the place and a varied menu.

A pleasant affair.
I'm not angry, just disappointed. 
After being shunted at 2130 out of nearby pubs promising food until 12, Favorit seemed like a godsend. A fairly popular diner with not TOO over-priced food. I ordered a cheeseburger. Simple.
Now I've always been able to eat ANYTHING once I get past a certain point of starving. This is how I overcame my adolescent fear of oysters, and probably salmon. My fiancee likes to exploit it, forcing strong blue cheeses on me in my moments of weakness.

This cheeseburger changed all of that. 

I couldn't finish it. The bun felt stale. The patty tasted like a frozen 14p LIDL-special. The lettuce was wilted, and they'd pulled a geriatric tomato out of retirement to finish his days lying limply on the side of my plate. 
McDonalds won this round, Favorit. 

Your waitresses are nicer though. Two stars.
Sigh. Ended  up going for lunch with some class mates after a very exciting lecture, there were about six of us so there were several different suggestions - Mine being Peter's Yard (I will go soon!!) but there were no takers and we ended up here. It is literally a two minute stroll from the university and apparently do a good breakfast.

We were really quite indecisive, but I must say the service still was not great. It was average. From what I could tell the one and only waitress was also making all the food - how is that ever going to be conducive to good service!?!? But the menu is extensive I will give them that, and I can see why you could be tempted to come when you need that little bit of breakfast grease to ease the hangover. Other than that I was not enthralled by what was on offer, it is just the usual. So I decided to have a chicken, chorizo and cheese panini and a strawberry milkshake. When me food arrived, I immediately recognised the potato wedges as these horrid frozen things they used to serve in a cafe I briefly worked in. They are just so salty, and taste processed and just not my cup of tea?! Panini was alright, a little dry, but I was hungry and it did the trick. Milkshake was nice and thick, but lacking a good strawberry flavour. 

So, to sum up, this place is fine. It is average. I doubt I will return as the quality is a little lacking and I begrudged paying at the end. Never a good sign.
We went here on the eve of new years eve. New year's eve eve after some beers and in much need for food.

I had a (several) beer and a burger which was surprisingly nice! I say surprisingly because my companions nachos had arrived shortly before and these were decidedly lack lustre.  As had someone elses milkshake. They managed to do beer and coke ok though!

My "english" burger came with an egg and bacon and cheese. There were LOADS of sauces in a massive basket on the table which I approve of - however it does tend to warn of possible issues with flavour! 
the burger however was very good with gherkin and other accoutrament that I would expect from an average burger. The chips were rather undercooked however which was a bit annoying.

Neither compatriot finished their nachos, both of which looked fairly unappetising. 

So good: 
Burger - edible
Service - pretty and chatty
Beer - Wet, cold, had alcohol in it

Not so good:
No music - normally this wouldn't worry me. But it was oppressively silent 
Milkshake - avg
Chips -  slightly undercooked (at least they were fresh...)

All in all. fairly alright.
Back in the day, when there was more than one Favorit in town, you would tear a menu off from a stack of them handing from the wall. I can only imagine that the demise of the other Favorit (in Tollcross) is a result of this gimmick being retired. Nonetheless the original theme remains: a diner that's happy to pack people in and show them a good time.

I've eaten here twice in recent weeks, opting for the sizable burger each time and feeling happy as Larry with my selection. The meat is plentiful, the chips (on this occasion) crisp and chippy. There's not much else to deal with, although the little buckets of relish are a nice touch - the whole meal was nice presented in truth.

It would have been great if the waiting staff were a little more friendly, but they their job in an effective manner: we ordered, got our food and drink, paid for it and were in a good state to move on and continue the night.

Bring back the tear off menus and I'll give the place an extra star.
Live review taking place

I'm out and about in Edinburgh on one of the first sunny days of the year, I'm pimping my burgundy chinos an blue blazer (not the pub) and hunger has taken over, I start to get grumpy, and the rain begins - panic sets in, I need croque monsieur or eggs benny, only one will satisfy me. I'm half way home and I see Favorit, passed it a thousand times and never even blinked, quick check of the menu, breakfast until 2... Sounds like my kind of place.

1250 and it's quite quiet, a few other tables in, I'm welcomed and seated, order an OJ and a double espresso and eggs benny. Drinks come quick and the coffee is pleasant, not as fresh as it could be, but relatively smooth and it packs a punch. OJ is standard.

Food arrives within ten minutes and its a surprise. It's £5.95 for this dish, but I still get two eggs, and they have used bacon instead of sliced ham, which is fine by me. The odd thing is there is a huge salad, a bit pointless really. Eggs are over poached so no runny yolk... And so much hollandaise sauce, a bit of a waste really. If this wasn't so cheap I might be offended.

It's still raining outside, and I'm done, bill is in hand, £10.10 , so for a 30 minute experience, yeah it was fine. 

Good price point, a pleasant surprise, I would like to come back here late at the weekend to have some drinks, I think it could be quite cool, anyway at £10.10 it's 10 out of 10 for value for money, but it's not set my world on fire...
I once popped in here around 11pm during the Edinburgh Fringe with Colin as we were hungry and it was late and this place is open till 1am, or 3am on a weekend! 

It's a great place on warm summer nights, as the door and the windows all come away and reveal a nice access to the open air. It's a decent space with a good amount of tables. 

My only problem when we were here was that the food wasn't overly impressive and the staff didn't seem at all interested in working there or giving any sort of decent customer service. It's a decent place to go for food if you're out incredibly late, but aside from that I wouldn't rush here.
I came here and had a tasty salad and an amazing 'natural high' smoothie. was pretty cheap and the man who served me was extremely friendly!
Favorit left me underwhelmed. We came here for Book Club in December and I suffer from a terrible affliction of being unable to resist ordering food if the possibility of doing so is raised, so order I did. It seemed a good opportunity at the very least to continue my search for Edinburgh's Greatest Eggs Benedict.

Well, that plan got scuppered pretty quickly when the waiter returned saying that they'd run out of Benedict Sauce. This told me two things: they don't make it fresh, and they don't know what it's called... so I am slightly glad I didn't experiment...

Anyway, I plumped instead for a salmon and cream cheese bagel and a pot of tea. The bagel was just fine. I could have bought the ingredients and made one for myself just as well for about a third of the price, but it was tasty and the bagel bread was nice and sweet, as it should be, with cheese squidging out of the centre hole. No criticisms there really.

The teapot, however, was badly chipped and stained right on the pouring edge of the spout. Being a timid Brit, I grinned and bore it, but it was pretty offputting.

Favorit's a diner-style caff, and it made a decent enough venue for our reduced numbers at Book Club, but it's nothing special. Situated where it is, I'd have thought it'd have to play a better game to get by. Come on, Favorit! I'll definitely come back to see if they're working on it!
A group of us went for a walk on a grand spring evening around town, with the intention of ending at a cafe bar that's open for coffee, well Favorit fits the bill quite nicely. An interesting place for first time check-in and not a bad choice made by others in our party. Friends had raved about it and with thirty odd reviews in Yelp thought I might try and give it a go. 

Firstly it's a small Italian styled place so has that European vibe to it, they have city pictures on the walls, private booths to sit and quick service. The menu is quite extensive, granted you can get all day breakfast as well as typical nosh, and for some items you can make combos up as the menu states. We chose omelettes one with smoked salmon and cream cheese, the other with chicken. 

Food comes with fries and salad - though I wasn't impressed with either. The fries on a cold plate are not too pleasant to eat! Would it not be more beneficial to keep the plate heated right up until serving and include any green leaves as a separate side dish? That said the plate sizes were huge, I mean larger than conventional sized dinner plates(8-12").

I might go back again to try some other dishes to see if this was just a one off but will ask for fries and salad served separately or dropped. The friendliness of staff is ok,  and it's not too busy even around 8-9pm, means you can get a seat, also the omelettes were very tasty.

Favorit is also not very far away from the centre of town to walk to and competitive prices. £20-ish for two mains, one Belgian waffle dessert, two coffees, and soft drinks. I would recommend for people on a budget especially during high season or festival times.
I've been to dinners/balls here twice now, and I have to say I'd probably choose the Roxburghe if  I needed a venue for a swanky party.

The venue itself is gorgeous, it really epitomises all the Georgian glamour of the New Town with the opulent décor and grand high ceilings. The staff are really friendly too - if i worked in a fancy hotel the last thing I'd want to have to do would be to wait on a load of students having their end of year balls, but if the staff here thought that they did an excellent job of hiding it.

The other thing that struck me was how nice the food was, considering they were catering for a huge number of people the attention to detail and consistency in the quality of all 3 courses was commented on by several people at our table.

The drinks prices at the cash bar were a bit excessive though, although I suppose it's only to be expected oin a nice hotel. And I guess you do have to treat yourself every once in a while!

It may not have the same reputation as The Balmoral, but I'd say this place is batter hands down.
I've stayed here a few times and always had a great experience so it's the place I always recommend to friends visiting Edinburgh. Great location, nice rooms and very friendly staff but my most recent trip has me feeling a bit disappointed. 
The Internet / Wifi throughout the hotel has not worked for my stay so won't be staying here again.
To be honest the best part of this hotel is the breakfast and the location. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of July. 

We were coming for a wedding from the states and were extremely tired when we arrived. It was earlier than normal check-in so we made sure we had talked to reception before our arrival to see if we could get in early. There wasn't going to be a problem. However, when we arrived we were told our room wasn't ready and we could check our bags with the concierge. We understood we were there early so no big deal. We checked our bags and decided to roam around the city. It was beautiful!!! But after about 2 hours of roaming we went back to the hotel. We waited in front of reception...EXHAUSTED! The two receptionists talked back and forth and spent lots of time on the phones, yet failed to straighten the awards and recognition plaques on the wall behind them. It was almost like a fun-house mirror. Finally, after sitting in the reception area for 30 minutes an older couple went up to the receptionist and checked in! My husband got up and then asked the same receptionist if our room was ready now....shocking, it was! They couldn't have told us that when were were basically falling asleep on the couches??!?! BTW this lobby seriously needs some updating. We then were approached by Gavin the concierge. He was very polite and welcoming. He greeted us and walked us to our room! It was nice to see someone who actually cared about customer service. The only thing was he said he was going to be available all weekend and I think we maybe saw him one other time in 5 days/4nights. 
When we got to our room it was the size of a shoe-box. The bed was very comfy. There were NO electrical outlets in the bathroom and No robes. We called reception about the robes and they said we didn't have a room that was suppose to have robes...huh, a four star hotel??? But they brought us robes anyways, so that is one star (I guess)...Another thing is the hair-dryer, ugh. Coming from the states I figured this again 4 start hotel would have appropriate hair dryers. There was one in the desk drawer, yet the cord was barely long enough to reach out of the drawer let alone to my head or the mirror! Super frustrating for us women. I had to go across the street to Toni and guy to get a hair blow-dry! 
To the good....
Breakfast!!!! We had breakfast in bed all four days of our stay and it was great! Very warm by the time it got to us and de-lish! My husband especially loved the black pudding. 
Also, the spa was good. I would give the spa 4 out of 5 stars. I had an hour-long massage and it was almost perfect. The girl applied the amount of pressure I liked and I also liked that she let me pick the scent of the balm she used. Awesome! The only thing was the music. It wasn't exactly 100% relaxing. It was more trendy dinner music, kinda weird. 

Our stay was ok, but just ok... serious updating needed all around. Maybe I had a different image in my mind for this hotel considering my husband and I stayed at another Macdonald hotel in Windsor, UK in December of 2010 and it was stunning!!!
Rooms small (apart from one or two fantastic suites). All a bit tired now.
Full of american coach parties.
Oh.. and they play "highland music" over breakfast.  I think that says everything that needs to be said.
When I travel all I really want out of a hotel is a decent place to fall asleep so I cannot really review this hotel for its extra ammenities. The Roxburghe has comfy beds and the rooms, though small, are well maintained. The heated towel rack was a nice touch. I am going to be disappointed when a hotel does not have that from now on. 

The basement gym is actually quite large for a hotel. The equpiment is a little old, but it has pretty much everything you need from cardio machines to free weights. There is also a pool but I did not check it out. Check-in/check-out was simple and straightforward. The location was also incredibly convenient - near bus stops and walking distance to Old Town. Other than free internet access, I couldn't ask for much more!
We decided to go to The Roxburghe Hotel for christmas Dinner. When we booked we were advised that we would be given Champagne and canapes on arrival. We took a seat in one of the smaller reception areas just outside the restaurant and I noticed a waitress filling up champagne glasses..so we waited....and waited, then noticed other guest go up and take a glass, so not to be one to miss out on the champagne action, i proceeded to ask for a glass, of which the waitress seemed a little shocked, but what happened to champagne on arrival , was really expecting someone to hand me one? preferably on a silver tray!! goodness lol. We did have some canapes, this time thankfully a waiter came to offer some! 
Our meal was very very nice. I started with smoked salmon, Venision for main and creme brulee, the creme brulee was think and creamy and extra crunchy on top - only downside is their really was not enough!! 
We were designated a waitress and she was extremely attentive and friendly, and we appreciated that even more as it was christmas day and working on christmas day does suck!. Im not entirely sure if it was worth £90 per person, but it was a lovely experience.
Reviewing about the swimming pool/steam room and sauna.

I have been using these facilities since September 2013. I chose to join their club due to a corporate offer they had: £30 per month including gym, sauna, swim, steam room at no additional cost, longer hours than the Dalry leisure pool and closer to my office. 

Additionally, they offer courtesy towel, shower gel and shampoo in showers that have curtains. No need to have coins to use a locker - staff will give you a key when they scan and keep your membership card. 

Unfortunately the pool is only 12meters long, but it's not that busy as other places I have been so you could swim in circles if you like! 

Sauna reaches only up to 93 degrees roughly - I would love it being a bit warmer. 

From time to time the shampoo or shower gel might have finished in two of the three showers so you need to look for one that still have some, but if you bring your own no need to worry. 

Better have your sandals with you, as people will walk with their shoes in the area where you walk after your shower and go to change next to your locker. 

Still a member and yes, recommending it!
My partner and I were pointed in the direction of Rick's from a bouncer around the corner at The Opal Lounge (who had politely informed us that we were 2 years late for dinner service there!). We walked in and both thought yeah, just what we are looking for. It had that cosy feel, but with a buzz from music and people having fun (it was a Fri night). We were going to be seated next to the door but asked if we could have something further back and she took us to the conservatory. The smell of mint (from the frehly-made mojito's hit us as we walked through and whet our appetite for a cocktail from the (very) long selection list and both were happy with our choices.


 On to the food, to start I had the butternut squash & ginger soup and my GF had the mussels. Both were very good (and very decent portion sizes). A glass of house red each next with our mains and I don't know if they accidentally gave us red from the wrong bottle, but it was absolutely delicious.


 For mains, I had the rack of lamb with mushroom rosti (both were excellent and the lamb was cooked perfectly, if not slightly fatty). GF had pan-friend sea bass on a bed of scallop/king prawn risotto and we both agreed that this was one of the best risottos we'd ever had.


 After these considerable portions, there was no space for desert. We were also delighted to find out that our mains were BOGOF and the total bill came to a reasonable £50 (+ tips). Staff were friendly.
A nice experience.
You'd be forgiven for walking straight past the entrance to this place, tucked down a flight of steps just off George Street, but in my opinion that's half of it's charm. It's popular and highly-regarded without needing to shout about it; people know about it because of the quality, not because it's in your face.

It's easy to see why. When you step inside it's like being on some sort of Japanese garden terrace, with the green leafy plants and water feature. Rick's pay great attention to detail: every table has a copy of that morning's newspaper neatly folded on it, next to the fresh flowers, and the service is efficient without being annoying and intrusive.

Although it's never going to make the Top 10 list of cheapest places in Edinburgh, you do get what you pay for. That said, at the moment all of the Montpeliers venues have their "Better By Half" promos on: glasses of house wine, selected cocktails, selected beers and even champagne by the glass are all half price at the moment. I've been making the most of these offers every time I'm out for fear that they might finish soon, but despite my panic-drinking it seems they're here to stay for a whie yet. Happy Days.

I've only ever drunk here, but one of these days I will be going for food... the plates I've seen being carried to other tables do look and smell gorgeous. There are always enough people in here to give the place a nice buzz, but never enough to make it the kind of busy where service starts to slump and the temperature goes through the roof.
Rick's is a bit more unassuming than some of the other bars in the same area, hiding away beneath the basement area of Frederick Street, but really a lovely, chic little place to hang out of an evening and sip a beautifully chilled and superbly bubbly prosecco, much like I recently did. Mmmmm, prosecco, can't beat some fizzy, perfect temperature, liquid joy on a beaming sunny day.

There is outside seating at Rick's, immediate tick in the bonus check list, plus it does a really tasty, classic but modern range of food, for meals at both lunch and dinner. I've done both before, and have no complaints, the service has always been friendly and efficient, and the dining experience as a whole has been really positive.

Rick's definitely handles the mix of bar and restaurant well, with most people having no qualms about just sitting at the bar having a drink, while groups eat nearby. Some bar/restaurants make this an awkward experience, but the stylish, all round good looks of Rick's, and crucially its non-pretentiousness, make it a really attractive place to have a few cocktails with friends or have a relaxed banter over some food.
I really have nothing to compare Rick's to, considering we were in Edinburgh for about 48 hours for a wedding and didn't really have the opportunity to explore the nightlife around the city. But that's not to say I didn't do my fair share of drinking thanks to Matty and friends behind the bar. They make some excellent cocktails, reasonably priced, and fabulous, friendly service. 

The rooms are really comfortable and sleek, but beware - it's quite difficult to sleep on the weekend evenings as the bars let out around 3am and the noise carries - FAR. My suggestion: take Matty's recommendation for the piano bar next door and stumble home at 3:30am. Problem solved.
I know I gave Rick's 5 stars last time, I think I love it even more now. Like all the Montpeliers venues they have selected drinks on half price, which means you can enjoy the gorgeous surroundings without the expected price tag. 

But the best thing about Rick's in comparison to all the other places in this chain is that the cocktails included in the Better By Half promo are amaaaaazing and not like cocktails you'd find in any other bar. Although the Vanilla Daisy came in a depressingly small glass, the combination of vanilla vodka, grenadine, fresh lime, egg whites and soda slid down dangerously nicely. What I especially liked was that a lot of the ingredients were home-made, like the grenadine in my cocktail or the lemon sherbert in my friend's. 

And at only £3.50 each we could afford to have a few too many.
Having read Cheryl C's, Fiona H's and other reviews below, I had high hopes. I know Cheryl C likes her cocktails, and on an evening when I wanted a nice meal and *good* cocktails with a long-lost friend of two years, Rick's seemed to tick both those boxes in one.

Both the meal and the cocktails were nice, they just weren't worth writing home about. To elaborate...

The meal was quite nice, but quite generic. The £10 offer they have is quite bizarre. It's £10 for a main and either starter or pud, from a slightly more limited menu, but that menu includes a lot of the mains that are normally £14. That may tell you something about the quality of the food. It is by no means bad, it was good and I ate all of mine, but it was very generic.

The salmon sashimi was really just unsmoked salmon and dip. Not very sushi-esque. The chicken caeser salad was slightly dry (the chicken that is) the sauce tasted, I hate to say, out of a jar, and there were only two anchovies in my salad. I ate it, like I said, but as a foodie did not rave once. My friend's chicken parfait was also quite nice, in fact the nicest thing out of all (very rich and porty) but once chicken parfait does not a stellar dining experience make.

The lemon tart for dessert also tasted bought in. Nice-ish but lemon tart can be done SO well. This was very bland. And a little too heavy on the berry compote (it looked a bit like a bloody masacre).

The staff, however, were really friendly and sweet. And we were really, noteable impressed that they managed to serve the table of 14 beside us so efficiently. Their food came out quickly, and mains followed starters quite swiftly. But again, what does that say for the quality of prep in the kitchen....?

We switched to the bar for cocktails. A bit more lively, but the vibe here is definitely not the hip-and-happenin' one we were after. Suited office workers, a few friends out for a drink, but a bit quiet. It was Tuesday evening though. I had the El Diablo - tequila based with raspberries. It had a kick but tasted a lot like any other fruity, tequila based cocktail I've had. My friend's Aviator was far more unique and had a great kick. There's a huge cocktail list, but the prices are too much for what they offer. I've been to other cocktail connosieur bars where it's consistently cheaper with far more character and personality.

So overall I had a nice time here, but that's as exciting a word as I can think of to describe it. Were I invited to another dinner back here with a group of friends I wouldn't hesitate or say no - but I wouldn't be excited either.
I went for an early dinner the other night. As it was before 6pm we had to go for the Lunch menu which is the 2 mains for a tenner. Good deal, although menu little limited. We both opted for the gnocchi with chicken and spinach in a very nice creamy sauce. A very filling meal.Also had a nice balsamic salad to share. 
My friend had some sort of chocolate brownie style dessert with mascarpone cheese, which we both enjoyed!
Yes nice place to dine. Been a few times and will continue to go there
from time to time.
Its a good place to go on a sunny evening as sun pours in and the windows are open. Also adequate dining/seating outside.
Rick's use to be a regular haunt of mine, but I'm there less often, these days. This was the first time I'd eaten there in a while, and I have to say that I was rather underwhelmed.

Overall, we said: "unless my memory is very much mistaken, I've eaten many better meals than this in Rick's. This meal was in the territory of posh pub grub, whereas I had previously come to expect restaurant quality dishes. It's still a very stylish spot for drinks, so I'll definitely be back, but I'll think twice about eating here, next time."
I had been to Rick's before for drinks and knew that it was a nice bar and had heard good things about the restaurant so decided to book online and go for a meal.

On arrival, it was a bit hard to find the right person to ask for our reservation but we got there in the end! 
Unfortunately, we were seated in the part of the restaurant that is more of an extension of the bar than anything else and were, as a consequence, plagued by very loud music throughout our meal. It wasn't a deal breaker, it just meant that we had to shout over our meal to have any sort of conversation - not ideal.

Now, the food! The Thai soup starter was fantastic however the rest was good but not great. To begin with they were out of the fish which was my first choice and I found the lamb to be quite dry with an odd selection of vegetables. 
I'm told the beef selection was quite nice, but nothing very special.

The drinks afterward were very nice and quickly made cocktails. 

All the staff were very friendly and helpful.

Over-all we had a nice evening but I don't think we'll be going back here for a meal.
Two mains for a tenner sounded pretty good - particularly when one of the menu options was an 8 ounce burger with a side of fries.  For the non-bovine inclined there was a reasonable selection of alternatives.  Sadly my partner was non-plussed about her focaccia and roasted vegetables - it looked a pretty half-hearted effort to me.

The burger was good, with just enough charred edges to let you forget about an  unused udder dangling in a field somewhere. 

A good selection of beers on draft, but be warned - they don't come cheap.  A couple of pints of Blue Moon set me back over a tenner.  I'm maybe out of touch with pint prices, but i haven't had a bill shock like that since I filled up the car on super unleaded.

Decor typical of the chain, but pleasant enough and attentive and polite staff.  Not quite 4 star stuff for me, but a safe bet for a spot of lunch.
We had been wanting to pop in for a while, but just never seem to be in this end of town when we are looking for food or drinks. I had heard some really good things so when a voucher popped up I jumped at the opertunity to dine out here. On arrival you wander down some steps to the basement bar/reception area and the staff member that greeted us was friendly and welcomiong. The decor was contempory but... comfortable I guess, so the feeling of the place ends up being relaxed but trendy. Good start.

The staff through out the meal were friendly and proffessional even adjusting the sharing platter for a vegetarian option without fuss. To be honest I really could not fault the staff infact I think the service was great! The wine was another big thumbs up from me and the missus. 

The food however was just okay. Everything appeared very quickly as in the wine appeared and then a minute or so later the food. I guess this is a good thing it just felt a bit odd. The quality and presentation were fine, but again just okay. Nothing to really bang on about either way. The couple on the table next to us seemed to be having a similiar experince. 

I would pop back in for a drink, but I dont think I would go out of my way to eat here again. Nice place, great staff but slightly lack lustre food.
I had snapped up a 5pm.co.uk deal for Rick's a few months ago which had actually expired, but the management at Rick's were very co-operative about it.  There was a supplement for booking the deal on a Saturday so I ended up paying £135 for a bed/2 cocktails/breakfast package which I think should have cost around £185.

I had a pleasant experience, there are nice touches in the room like an iPod dock and hair straighteners.  The cocktails were great and breakfast was tasty.  Fair enough as other reviewers have noted there is no view to speak of, but if you walk 4 minutes to the end of Frederick Street you get a picture-postcard view of the Castle which is genuinely breathtaking.  On the downside: i) the bed was 2 singles pushed together and was incredibly spongy; ii) whoever was in the room upstairs had their marching boots on and woke me up; and iii) the room was incredibly hot.  A good night's sleep is unlikely to occur!

In summary however it's a nice place with nice staff in a great location and although I may have felt a bit overcharged if I had paid top whack, £135 felt OK.
Stayed here for two nights during a honeymoon trip to Scotland.  A top notch hotel located in the heart of Edinburgh.  Very stylish modern décor in the hotel and restaurant, many complimentary amenities in the room, world-class breakfast (I'm talking about a huge selection of items, cooked fresh to order and outstanding quality) and it was super clean throughout the building. The only thing preventing it from being a five star review is that there is no lift or convenient passage for hotel guests going from the entrance to their rooms.  You must navigate a narrow path through the actual restaurant.  However the clerk was kind enough to help with the luggage.  As others had mentioned, the racket of the bin collectors in the morning is loud enough to wake you up.  Although I can't really fault the hotel for that fact.  At the end of the day, you'll get great treatment and a very comfortable stay for the money you pay (very competitive price compared to similar hotels nearby).
Armed with a Voucher for a posh Burger meal Anita and I were not disappointed. 
The burgers are normally served on their lunch menu but for the sake of the voucher they have made those available for evenings too. 

Rick's is an boutique hotel, and the reception, bar & dining area is functional and modern with warm touches in colour and materials used. 

The voucher had Innis & Gunn as the beer option, but that was not available and I chose the Grolsch swing-top instead. No complaints there :o)

The burgers were big, juicy and well filled. The fries were skinny and crisp. 
I liked the meal and would recommend taking the burgers here. Though remember that you normally will have to fork out around £10-£13 for the burger - that to me is loosing 1 star. 

Service was very attentive, efficient and pleasant. Top marks! 
I'd go back.
Two friends and I had lunch here today, my second time visiting. They took advantage of the 2 mains for £10 deal while I had the leek and gruyere tartlet--yum!!! We ate outside in the intermittent sun, and my tartlet was gooey and hot and decadent, without being at all heavy. It came with a little pile of sticky onions which were extraordinary and full of flavour. Enjoyable place to have a casual lunch with good tasty food.
In the last 6 months Ricks has definitely had a good shake up, and after my fantastic experience last week I think things can only get better. The bar team are innovative and original and during a busy Friday night shift never failed to impress me as I worked my way through the new cocktail list! And the bar snacks were unique and delicious! The DJ provides a funky relaxed atmosphere and gradually builds up the beats to get you in that weekend mood! I will be back again and again and will be taking all my friends too! I recommend a passionfruit frozen margarita or 'busy with the fizzy' strawberry soda stream cocktail! Just fab!
Excellent Michelin starred restaurant, with friendly service and wonderful food. Get a seat near the window where you can watch the chefs do their stuff.
Tom Kitchin isn't afraid to be adventurous in his mixes of flavours, which often delivers a whole new taste treat, but (on the rare occasion) strikes an odd discordant note on the palate.
Local produce always fresh, especially fish.
you may have seen this restaurant on anthony bourdain's tv show. its excellent. period. probably the best all around restaurant in the city- have heard somewhere that it may be closing but i cannot believe that. 

the chef and owner, tom kitchen, is simply perfection. great atmosphere and a fresh and changing menu.

it aint cheap. remotely. the best approach is to eat here for lunch during the week, for a set price meal. it doesnt matter what its being served as everything will be in your top 3 of whatever genre of food youre getting. 

near lots of bars/shops, ocean terminal if youre up for a bad mall after.
This is one of the best 1-star michelin restaurant I have been to. It's a full experience, food and watching the cooks at work. There is indeed a big window into the kitchen that lets everyone see what's going on and grasp the electrical atmosphere in the cooking chamber. The table are organised so that most people can peep in during their meal, and appreciate the effort put into their food. It's really cool to see Tom Kitchen put the final touches to your plate :)) It just makes the whole thing more exciting!

The food itself is wonderful. Really incredibly fresh and tasty. Seasonal and imaginative. We went for lunch and the 30-ish pound menu is cheap compared to the quality of the food. Quite a treat if you take some wine, but nonetheless worthwhile and to be remembered. I started with a pistachio, rabbit & foie gras terrine with an onion tatin. Just AMAZING! Then I had pork cheeks cooked like a "blanquette" with a white sauce, mushrooms, carrots, new potatoes. Delicious. The meat was so tender. Then I had the rhubarb-themed dessert: rhubarb fresh soup with poached pieces of rhubarb, rhubarb sorbet, caramel croquante, pannacotta. I really really liked it. So yummy. And we had the traditional petit-fours after that. Yum!

The restaurant is a little remote and far from the city centre, but it's ok. It's just in front of the Scottish government building. Quite surreal actually.
Excellent restaurant and dining experience.  The menu here changes seasonally (I had the summer menu) and Tom Kitchin really focuses on getting the best ingredients.  The bone marrow with Devon snails, Perthshire girolles, and Bayonne ham is one of those dishes you remember for a long time. 

The service was attentive (without being intrusive), knowledgeable, and people were really warm. Chef Kitchin was actually in the kitchen cooking.  You don't see many celebrity chefs cooking anymore - at least not in NYC.
I would say, at a push, my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh... When you can afford it :) 

Been for dinner and lunch and both times it was first class. It's not an overly fussy place considering the Michelin star but focuses very much on the quality of ingredients, with the dishes being far more simplistic than say 21212. This is to its credit, however, and Mr Kitchin thoroughly deserves his recent title of best restaurant in Scotland.

If it's on the menu, the turbot with sea snails was stunning and one of the most memorable dishes I've eaten. 

If you don't fancy forking out for the a la carte or tasting menu, the set lunch is excellently priced and provides close to the kitchin experience whilst putting a smaller dent in ones purse!
They take great care of you from the start. And by the start, I mean enquiring about seating by email. The hostess is prompt and complete with replies, letting me know which nights are fully booked and advising me about better days to come in. I came here for lunch since all the dinners were booked up and had the prix fixe 3-course lunch. Really a steal in my opinion.The waiting staff worked as a great team so we didn't feel ignored even when our server was helping someone else as there were many other friendly staff checking on each other's clientele. 

I loved having sweet potato chips at the table to crunch on when we entered and the selection of bread from a wheeled up bread cart with selections such as freshly baked sourdough and olive bread.

My starter was the octopus carpaccio which was fabulously laid out and accompanied with colourful pickled vegetables. 

The main was the ox cheek which was so delicate that no knife was necessary. 

Dessert was a chocolate pistachio souffle which was very creative and interesting. Not too heavy but nice and warm with a great flavour.

The hosts took care of calling our taxi as we exited to proceed with our day after, with hunger satisfied and tastebuds delighted.
I realise that giving The Kitchin three stars is sacreligious.  I'll probably get kicked off Yelp or at least people will have no faith in my reviews from this point onward.  But, hear me out...

I've only been here once, 3.5 years ago, when my parents came over for my MSc graduation.  I'd been hearing rave reviews of Kitchin and thought it would be the perfect place for the double birthday + graduation celebration.  When I left California, my boss gave me the nicest bottle of wine I will probably ever be fortunate enough to consume.  I thought that my graduation celebration would be a very appropriate time to drink this wine.  I made my reservations at Kitchin and asked about bringing the wine.  They said "we have a very extensive wine list, you will not need to bring your own."  I explained the situation and they explained a bit more firmly that I was not welcome to bring this bottle of wine.  

I know that corkage/bringing your own wine to restaurants here is not a common as it is where I'm from, but I was shocked that they wouldn't allow for one bottle to be brought for a special occasion.

I accepted the situation and we went along sans wine.  To be honest, I don't remember much of the actual food.  By that I mean that my socks weren't blown off.  I was expecting so much and certainly had a lovely meal, but it all seemed a bit up itself and for no real reason which I could see.  The main thing I really remember from the dining experience is that our water and wine were kept at a different table so we weren't able to pour and drink to our own pace, we were at the mercy of those serving us.  

I think I was a) too put off by the wine issue to fully enjoy it and b) am too used to fantastic food served in a more relaxed environment.  I have had amazing food with less cost and less fuss at other restaurants, and in the future I'll be sticking to these places, thanks.
Wow, Kitchin blew me away. The dining room was elegant but still bright. Service was very friendly except for the French staff who were sterile and highly efficient yet still professional as can only expected from a French server. The most refreshing part of Kitchin was actually seeing Tom Kitchin in the kitchen with his hands in the food; there is a small window that allows you to see into the kitchen from the dining room. It is becoming increasingly rare to see a chef in the restaurant that his name on it. 

Veg crisp were giving as snack. A great selection of bread was also served. The amuse bouche of pumpkin soup with crunch pumpkin seed in it was very wintery and was more than just one small bite.  I was a bit weary of the Pig's Head and Langoustine because I was not sure how the Langoustine could add to this dish. Trust me something would be missing it wasn't on the plate. The pig's head was boned and rolled and had a great earthy spice to it. 

My main of venison was cooked perfectly and had seven components on the dish. Any time I see many components on the dish I get nervous. But Kitchin surprised me again. This was a pretty hardy winter dish for a restaurant in this category. (I left really full) 

My desert was simply titled Chocolate and features mall souflee, ice cream and blood orange marmalade the made everything else taste so much better. 

When I told the staff I was from Boston I was invited into the Kitchen to meet Chef Kitchin and he also signed a copy of his cookbook for me. This guy seems really down to earth. My 5/5 review is based off the food I ate and not that I met the chef.
So glad I came here with my family. I am not a big fan of haute cuisine anymore, too much showing off and combining of strange flavours, for me, so I was a bit apprehensive.

The Kitchen shows that you can take cooking to a higher level using local ingredients, keep the flavours individual and still have Michelin star food.

I thought the costs were very competitive for the quality and would highly recommend anyone going for any occasion.
Rating on the overall restaurant experience, which is what we go on our Lunchquest site, The Kitchin scores pretty highly, because the place is lovely and the service is slick. But when purely considering the food on offer, it can't score anything higher than two stars, as I've experience better; MUCH better. My starter and main courses were decidely ordinary; nowhere near Michelin star quality. Extremely disappointing.

Overall, we said: "The Kitchin is a super-stylish place, with excellent attentive service, serving neatly presented dishes. They don't taste very good, though, making the overall experience completely forgettable. It left me entirely cold."
There are as of right now three items that stick out to me that have eaten as the most memorable three things.  One was here at The Kitchin.  My wife and I recently visited Edinburgh and this was the best meal we ate.  Two start I had the bone marrow, I love bone marrow and would swim in it like Scrooge McDuck swims in money if I could, this marrow was much less traditional than the ones I have had in NYC.  It had snails bacon and a quail egg on top, it was fantastic.  For my main course I had mutton, the dish came with a small side of braised shoulder meat, it was fantastic, and I wish I was eating right now. The main part of the dish was very good too, just not as memorable.  It is worth the schlep to leith to eat here for sure.
HOLY CRAP THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.

Food, wine, service (even the French staff) - all fantastic!

Did the tasting menu with matching wine and we were happily stuffed full of food and rolled to a waiting taxi (after meeting Tom) at the end of the night. Small things like a map from where in the country produce was sourced and a copy of the tasting menu itself were nice little touches which weren't required but definitely welcomed.

Definitely coming back.
First time in a Michelin Star restaurant for a set lunch. When we arrived we were given some fresh vegetables and hummus in the waiting lounge area as we had to wait for a friend.  We were then escorted to our table and after we ordered, they gave us an amuse bouche which was something jelly like with bits of vegetables & chicken.  Had bone marrow as a starter and it was even better than the one I had in Paris.  Woodcock (£15 supplement) for main. Thought it would be a bigger portion but the melt in out mouth texture just justifies the price. Had chocolate and icecream for desert and they were just right and not too sweet.  During coffee, there were also some smaller bits of sweets and the macaroons were to die for.  Just too good and I will definitely come back again.
My first Michelin star experience and an experience it was! Simple and delicious cocktails for anyone smart and savvy enough to venture away from vodka based juice to libations of Calvados, Mezcal and of course, whisky. While primarily Scottish staffed, the service wasn't much to be spoken of yet the food was worth it's hype. Farm to table consciousness of purely Scottish product was impressive, especially when the mini map scrolls were brought over and served as reference to the origin of primary ingredients. Nose to tail lamb and signature beef were difficult to turn down and the sommelier provided the perfect red compliment to my flavorful entree. Absolutely worth the hefty ££ and the 8 week wait for a reservation. Bourdain was right to endorse Chef Kitchin and his star worthy cuisine.
The kitchin is a must if you are in Edinburgh. Having seen Kitchin on masterchef, I was intrigued. 
Everything on his menu is sourced from Scotland, and they even bring you a little map of Scotland in the beginning showing where the ingredients were from. 
Presentation and food were beautiful - full of color and much thought to the dishes. Fortunately it was grouse season when I was visiting (October 2013) so I tried it for the first time as my main dish. It was fantastic- cooked perfectly and juicy, I don't know if I've ever had anything better. The ceps starter was amazing as well - perfectly seasoned to bring out the taste of the mushroom. The berry tart dessert was a great way to end the meal. 
The best part was at the end when tom himself came out to introduce himself to us. Even though he's become well known, he really seems like a down to earth kinda guy. The whole time I also noticed he was in the kitchen with food preparation and making sure everything was perfect. 
I wouldn't hesitate to return, I had an outstanding experience.
Kitchin is an outstanding high end restaurant in Leith with well prepared regional dishes such as grouse, and local ingredients and cheeses, and an excellent wine list.
Really, just perfect. It's effortless - the staff are so pleasant, the food is wonderful, the entire experience is just fantastic.

We had the set 3-course lunch (a bargain at £28 - this is a Michelin star restaurant for goodness sake!).  You start with some crudites while perusing the menu.  There are only 3 choices but even so, it's difficult to pick.  Before your starter comes out, there's an amuse bouche to get you in the mood and some of the nicest sourdough bread I've ever tasted.  They're very proud of their Scottish food and they gave us a little map of Scotland rolled up and tied with a ribbon which highlights where in the country they source their ingredients.  We went for the matched wine package with our lunch and it's brilliant - you get a different glass of wine with each course and each wine is matched to your food.  And it really works - even the dessert wine, which I'm not usually a fan of, was lovely with the right dessert.

The food is brilliant - it's stylish but not fussy; beef, lamb, seafood - all cooked perfectly by somebody who is obviously passionate about good Scottish food.  The reason I love the place so much though is that it's so relaxed and easy going - doesn't feel like a "posh" restaurant despite the impeccable service and faultless food.  It's like they're so good, they don't need to be pretentious about it.

The matched wine package will add another £25 to your lunch.  We ended up around £57 each  - that's crudites, bread, an amuse bouche, three fantastic courses of lunch, three matched glasses of wine (or two cocktails for the one who doesn't drink wine), then coffee and petit fours to finish.  Not an everyday lunch, but definitely worth treating yourself now and again.
The service was flawless. Kudos to those in the front end. 

We had the three course tasting menu with wine pairings. This is an excellent meal and quite reasonably priced.

Warning - reserve months in advance. It will be worth the effort.

A must-do in Edinburgh.
The success of Assembly owes a lot to its location just by the Bristo Square and Edinburgh University. Offering a 2 for 1 on main meals between 5 and 9 is a pretty good way to secure this clientele especially when this is matched by 2 for 1 on drinks too! If I'm honest, the food isn't really up to much and I would suggest you don't stray too far from the burgers and sandwiches but if you're up cheap and cheerful this is your place. I used to come here a lot with my friends looking for cheap cocktails. Ah so much fun. The floors are sticky, the bathrooms aren't up to much, unless you get a booth at the back you'll find the seats uncomfortable BUT for some reason I love this place.
By day, this place is a staple for Edinburgh University students grabbing a spot of lunch. Come evening, and Assembly manages to smoothly make the transition from eatery into bar.

As part of the Montpeliers group, the cocktails although pricey are made to an extremely high standard and with good quality ingredients, and staff are always happy to guide you through the extensive drinks menu in order to find your perfect drink.

At lunchtimes Assembly is always busy due to the 'All Food Under a Fiver' menu, and as a result service can sometimes be slow, however the food makes up for it. For someone as indecisive as me, the option of 3 Light Bites for £5 saves me having to just choose one dish, although the chicken fajitas and spaghetti carbonara ordered by my fellow diners did look extremely tasty. I opted for a greek salad, breaded mozzarella sticks served with spicy tomato salsa and mini spring rolls served with hoi sin sauce. The greek salad was delicious, with just the right balance of salty feta and tangy onion, and not swimming in way too much dressing as is so often the case when ordering a salad in restaurants.

The great offers also extend to drinks at the moment too - the most popular cocktail, beer, red and white wine by the glass, and flavoured vodka shot are all half price at the moment. I'd definitely recommend a shot of their toffee vodka, for only £2 it's the perfect end to a meal.
George Square is the playground for Edinburgh Uni students (and skateboarders) and so it was only natural that a cheap and trendy restaurant would open looking over the square. Step in Assembly!
It is a really nice student restaurant. They have comfy couches and slouchy sofas to sit and relax all day long. As a result, it is always really really busy and if you try to get some lunch at 1ish, you'll be lucky. Their menu is really cheap - everything is under £5! Brilliant! I can highly recommend both the Assembly salad and the Thai Beef Salad, as well as their panini's and nachos. 
As I said, it is a student-haven, so if you don't like to mingle amongst the Universities finest yah's then maybe visit in the afternoon or evening, by which time they should all have gone back to New-Town to back-comb their hair.
I have been here on a number of occasions. They have a very good deal on main meals for a fiver which are quite substantial and filling even if there isn't a huge selection to choose from. However they also make very good cocktails in the evening even if the bar tenders can be a bit snobby and the prices a bit higher- which is strange as its such a student-orientated place. 
Other than that the atmosphere is very chilled and it's reflected in the decoration. The layout has couches and small tables . Only complaint I can ever recall from this place was that about 2 weeks ago the waitress took forever to come take our order ( she was really friendly though!) and then everyone from the shop seemed to have disappeared and the guy who I eventually found to pay was quite rude and it felt like I was bothering him by trying to pay. Other than this it's a pretty good young people's bar to start your night at without breaking the bank.
I'm actually really keen for the banter in here, so I'm not sure why I don't come here more often. I think it's because we're all a bit too set in our traditional ways down in the new town, so it's about time I coerced my friends into coming up here more often.

Assembly is quite student orientated, given the location near Edinburgh University, but if you class yourself as young then this is a pretty snazz place to have a few drinks. This is a really good looking place to sit and have a drink, I've always been keen on the modern, slightly edgy look to it, and the cocktails are really good, and so reasonable in comparison to the skyscraping prices in the new town. Certainly a cool place to have imbibe some beverages, I recommend.
Assembly is in the prime location for Edinburgh Uni students - overlooking George Square and just across the road from the student union Potterrow.  The menu offers a varied selection of meals and on the whole the food is really tasty.  The Thai beef salad, burgers and the nachos are in particular very good; however, I found their spaghetti carbonara quite disappointing.  Assembly is a great place to start off a night out as it offers cheap drinks and a great cocktail menu, including Cosmopolitans and Margaritas.  Best of all is the prices - most meals are under £5 and there are many student offers available offering a 2 for 1 on drinks and main meals.  

The staff are very friendly, although the service at times has been quite slow and I have often had to wait a fair while to pay.  Assembly has a very relaxed layout with comfy couches and sofas to sit in and chill out with friends.  There are also tables and chairs outside and in the summer it is the ideal place to sit with friends and watch the world go by.
I LOVE  assembly, simply because I appreciate wholesome no-nonsense food, of which they serve alot! I've been here a couple of times, for lunch and dinner and haven't been disappointed!

This is yet another restaurant conveniently close to George Square. The interior is extremely cosy, and my friends and I have always opted for the comfortable leather booths towards the end of main floor. They've also got outdoor seating for those rare days of good weather here! 

The menu is just indulgent, with a fantastic selection of burgers, snack food and a pretty decent fish and chips meal! The restaurant doubles as a bar, so you can drink almost anything you might want with your meal (assuming you're of age...) I am a meat eater, but my favourite dish there has been their spicy vege-burger. It's definitely worth a try!
Assembly is pretty good, but there are a few issues.  I don't know where they find the cheese for their chicken Caesar salad but it's as strong as it gets!! My friend ordered it and literally couldn't stomach more than half of it because the cheddar (or whatever it was) was so mature and overpowering.  Further, the nachos are pretty dry and there's nowhere near enough guacamole to cover all the tortillas.  
Other than that the food at Assembly is actually really tasty, especially their burgers which use only the best Scottish beef.  It's all served in good portions and the prices match the quality.
It's in a pretty central location so it's ideal if you're in the area.
As this bar/restaurant is next to my flat you'd be forgiven for thinking I'm in here a lot..you'd be wrong. Even thought the food is cheaper than next door at Negociants it just doesn't cut it for me. The food is below average and I've waited 15 minutes after walking in to even be acknowledged by a member of staff.

The interior is fairly standard - leather sofas and chairs, some booths, red ad sliver colour scheme. It all just leaves me cold.

In its favour it does play some really good music so as a bar it is much improved, you don't have to eat the food or get average table service. Just don't go for lunch or dinner!
I always expect to dislike Assembly, yet it constantly surprises me. Right next to Bristo Square, it's a great place to pop in for  a bite of lunch, or to go for a few chilled out drinks. Because of its location though, it does get very busy, so it can be tricky to get a table.

The lunch menu is excellent, with quite a few dishes for a fiver, including fajitas, carbonara, and these weird little chinese dipper thingies. It's surprisingly good for bar food, and for that price it great. Later on in the evening it's a really good place for drinks as well. Although they can't do the 2 cocktails for a fiver before because of the licensing law that I so often complain about, they aren't too expensive. Whilst not as good as the nearby Bar Kohl, they are still excellent. You can also get a full range of beers and wines for those not feeling like cocktails.

Overall a great place for both food and drinks.
My favourite wee place when I'm up here.

Ace grub, at a thoroughly reasonable price with good service.

£2.50 for a double vodka mix? Yes please!

Really good bar selection.

Give it a try!
This is becoming a bit of a staple for lunches. 
I went with sister and her two small offspring the other day and we had a very enjoyable time.
The music was a bit loud when we first went in, but the food was lovely and plentiful, and once the music was turned down, we actually had an enjoyable and ambient time. There is plenty of space at lunch time for child wrangling, and as mentioned staff and food were good.

Some excellent different menu item sizes meant that my sister could have a couple of small dishes, while I had a great plate of nachos. The chilli was excellent, jalapenos were not too hot, the guac was plentiful and the cheese adequately melted. 

Jeni's dishes looked and tasted excellent. I really enjoyed the leftover bits. 

Orange juices for the kiddiewinks were well received  and the staff didn't really mind my niece "dancing" on the sofa - she thinks dancing is the same as bouncing. 

Why 3 stars? Well I've only been for lunch and a few after work drinks things. I've not really experienced it to the same level as other places I've given 4 stars too. I'm also trying to be more discerning in my reviewing. I also get this weird feeling that it doesn't really know what it is. Bar? Restaurant? Who knows.

Oh and the notice to say there wasn't card service was hidden behind the pegged open door when we went in so we didn't realise till after. It would have been nice for the staff to have told us this when we ordered so we could organise to pop to a cash machine, instead of my sister being forced to do this after what can only be described as dealing with a dual poo-ocalypse.
Excellent food.
This place would be perfect, if it were up in the Grassmarket or on George Street. Unfortunately, for Newington, the prices are a little excessive.

I started with the fresh mussels cooked with coconut milk, fresh lime and coriander. Although it was tasty, given that it cost almost £6 the portion size was pretty mean to say the least. If there had just been a little more to it, I wouldn't have minded paying this much but given that in other restaurants in the area this price could get you a main course, I did feel a little robbed.

The main course was a similar story: Although the grilled swordfish with the various accompaniments was delicious, at £13.95 I felt as though I should be in a much fancier restaurant than I was.

That said, this place is always full... not only when I was there having dinner but also every time I walk past. If you're the kind of person who is seduced by any menu full of words like "bisque" and "terrine" etc then you'll love Blonde. If you're the kind of person that will happily pay these prices when it's in an exclusive upmarket city-centre location that can justify these amounts, then this is probably not your type of place.

To sum up, although the food is tasty it's the kind of place where you'll have a 3-course meal and still leave feeling hungry.
I agree with Fiona, this place is a little too swanky for this part of town.

The decor of the place is a little basic, but they claim it's styish all over the website. The food is alright, nothing fancier than you can pick up in the tesco finest range. It leaves alot to be desired.

If your mum opened a trendy resturant, this is what it would be like.
The food is very good, but I found their menu to be a little bit pretentious -- hasn't Gordon Ramsay shouted at enough people for putting random fruit into savoury dishes? Portions a smidgen on the small side too, though desserts were excellent.


 Probably wouldn't go again, but nor would I advise against it: try it and see if it's your style.
Feeling puzzled.  The place was recommended and I think I'm going to try regardless of the couple of reviews (Stuart and Fiona) that have misspellings and an illogical statement (Fiona).  Wish me luck : )
Had dinner here on Monday this week. Not a busy night by any means  one duo in when we arrived and no-one else in between them and us leaving. 3 very well made and presented courses for £17 though was good vfm, particularly my fish cakes starter and the main course of trout. I didn't personally have wine but the list looked pretty comprehensive. Pleased to have finally made it inside here and would certainly go back.
I thought the food on offer at Blonde was smart and flavour-packed, with a nicely balanced menu featuring a good range of local produce. I went in the evening and boy was it dark! Seriously, the "mood lighting" was so dim that people were struggling to read the menu, and it did impair the appreciation of some of the presentational touches that been applied to the dishes. 

It made me think that this would be the ideal dining venue for a "first date" with someone that you'd met in a dimly lit pub or club, taken something of a shine to, exchanged numbers, then arranged to meet when less sozzled. If you didn't happen to have perfect recall of what they looked like, but vaguely remembered their size and shape, this place could cut through any "cold light of day" embarrassments ;-)

Overall, we said: "I did enjoy my visit to Blonde. The service was a real strength, and the food was quite impressive, without quite unifying in to overwhelmingly convincing dishes. The price tag was very reasonable for the fare on offer, though, so I'd happily go back, and take friends, as I'd be confident that the broad appeal that Blonde delivers would please many different tastes."
Great food, one of those places who stress on Quality and Quantity...
Stac Polly came highly recommended by our hotel 

We had just completed a tour of Edinburgh Castle & w/ nowhere else to go & nothing else in the vicinity, we ended up arriving about 15 min early & consequently 15 min before they opened. 

( Plus, when travelling w/ parents, you're eating the early bird timetable which actually works out well since we're almost always guaranteed reservations ) 

There were 2 guys still setting up for the evening - 1 invited us in & the other looked incredibly & apparently perturbed. Gee - I'm sorry....shall we go stand out in the rain for 15 min while you finish your conversation? Not a good start to our evening... 

I likened their dark beer (Caledonian Ale) to more of an amber ale & tried 2 different varieties but thought they were both lacking a certain something 

Started out w/ a Poached Pear w/ Cheese - it was okay but cold.  Guess this is what we get for being the 1st to dine - things right out of the fridge

Both Mom & Dad had the Salmon which they enjoyed  

My Veggie Risotto was crunchy - nuff said 

Only Dad ordered dessert - the Strawberries & Cream & the verdict was delish. The strawberries were super sweet & when combined w/ the cool fresh cream, it was perfection 

Would be willing to give this place another try & it's not like we hated our meals ( well, I did ).....we just weren't wowed & for this kind of £££, we would probably seek elsewhere next time
(I've added a few pictures to this restaurant's page from their own website, I hope they don't mind.) 

Like the earlier reviewer this restaurant came highly recommended by our hotel, which arguably has the best goddamn concierge in the UK. For fellow travelers, once the restaurant filled up there were noticeably few Americans in the place. Please don't get the impression that this is a tourist trap. In fact, its better if you don't tell anyone else about this place or it could get as difficult to get into as the Wedgwood. The food was certainly as good.  

First the atmosphere was well done, stone with tasteful tartan accents. Impeccably Scotttish as was the food. With the layout and the lighting it was romantic, this is not a kid-friendly restaurant. 

The service was amiable and attentive, if a bit difficult to understand at times. As I've noticed at most of the UK restaurants I visited this summer; the staff are from the EU countries in deepest economic crisis (Spain, Greece and Italy were all well represented). But this was a relatively minor hassle. And the food was worth it.

The beer was excellent and local, you can't ask for more than that.

I started with the haggis wontons in a wine reduction. They were an unusual combination of sweet, umami and spicy that was enjoyable. I followed with the salmon. You really can't go wrong with scottish salmon, it was tender and flavorful. My father had the venison dish, and I tried some. Dear god, I almost regretted my order. It was unlike any American venison I had ever had. It was sweet, tender and completely lacking any gaminess. It tasted like a combination of buffalo sweetness and kobe juiciness. 

Anyway, go there. Its a bit off the beaten path of the Royal Mile, but go there anyway. And for god's sake don't tell anyone about it. I want to be able to get in easily when I go back to Edinburgh.
This food is not good at any price. The service was also bad (a bit rude and void of thought and care). My food clearly sat under a hot plate for a looong time. My wife sent her food back (and never does that). Avoid this restaurant.
In my first year of university in Edinburgh me and my flat mates would finish lectures at the smae time and all head to Metropole for a breakfast roll - the best, we agreed, we had ever had.

However, Meropole does more than just serve breakfast to students - its open way later, and serves food, coffee and teas all day long. Everything from 'Lite Bites' (Tapas, Nacho's, Paninis and soups) to big hearty meals such as cottage pie or chilli con carne. There is also a huge selection of sweet treats, such as millionairres shortbread and cake.

The interior is very bohemian chiqe - bare wood tables and squishy mismatched chairs,  but this all adds to the relaxed vibe in Metropole.

Its unsuprising then that Metropole is always full of students, families and office workers - at breakfast, lunch or dinner.
A fresh, airy and modern interior doesn't detract from the below average food and drink available at the Metropole. Like so many aesthetically appealing cafe's, they often don't have the quality of service nor food to back up their image.

I had a weak and luke-warm coffee here and an equally naff panini. Not particularly expensive but not particularly good either. A bit transparent.
Metropole Coffee House is situated in an ideal location in the centre of Newington, a short walk from the University, halls of residence and the Meadows. So it is a great place for students to grab their breakfast or lunch on their way to classes. Inside it is very spacious and airy with lots of big flower pots and seating booths. 

Despite calling itself a Coffee House, Metropole serves so much more. They serve delicious cooked breakfasts, salads and soups as well as more ethnic style food such as Moroccan style hummus and olive dishes - yum! The staff are always very friendly and the food is very reasonably priced for what you get. 

Metropole Coffee House also have free WiFi and I took my laptop there one afternoon to do some work, but I found the connection painfully slow and I barely managed to get any work done. However, this was several months ago and I haven't tried their WiFi since so hopefully the connection will be much faster now.
Metropole, from the outside, looks like a classy little cafe.  The experience on the inside may leave you wanting more, but I would still recommend it as a good place for a cuppa with a friend.

I was here just yesterday for lunch, and there was just a smattering of customers considering it was a Sunday and not particularly early in the morning.  We all ordered some food and drink, and sat down in one of the booths.  The food arrived before too long.  It was a tasty meal for sure, but I felt slightly let down by the quality of the food.  However, I don't want this to sound like a negative review, because it isn't one.

I have a recommendation from a good friend that Metropole is a great place to do uni work, as she said she wrote a fair bit of her dissertation in there with a friend and a cup of coffee.  This is helped by the free wi-fi, which although broken at my visit, would be very useful.  I imagine it's a popular student haunt, as the other reviewers have already testified, being not a great distance from Pollock Halls and other university accommodation.

All in all, a good place for some cheap studenty grub, but maybe not for that sophisticated cafe plate of food that so many others in the city provide.
I was nicely surprised when I first visited Metrople, as from the outside I thought it actually looked pretty expensive.  Inside, however, the food and drink is all very reasonably priced and it has a great, relaxed atmosphere.  There is plenty of comfortable seating and the service is quick and friendly.  It is well wthin reach of Pollock Halls and so I came here a few times for lunch in my first year and was never disappointed.  They serve a good range of quality food, from sandwiches to lasagne.  I often had the spaghetti bolognese which was delicious, filling and never took too long to arrive.  This, along with a coke cost about £6 which I always thought was pretty good value.  
Metropole is a great place to come for a cheap and tasty lunch in a comfortable environment.
I love this place. Old-school quality and a traditional attitude to home-cooked food are balanced out by the modern décor and varied clientele of all ages.

Whether it's just for afternoon tea and a huge slab of one of their homemade cakes (or millionaire shortbread, which is unbelievably good!), or a substantial sit-down lunch of soup and sandwiches, you could do a lot worse than here. It's not particularly exotic food, which is why I only gave it 4 stars, but if traditional is what you're after then this is the place.

And unlike a lot of other daytime eatieries, Metropole has plenty of space to sit and eat. Although you sometimes have to queue for tables at peak times, it's never for very long and it's definitley worth the wait.
This place is nothing out of the ordinary, but I'm bumping it up to 4 because it has such a friendly atmosphere. I'm half of the mind to give it a lower rating because the coffee there is downright appalling, but the food is cheap and varied. They change the lunch menus often enough so that you won't get bored. They have mexican food, lasagne, caesar salad, soup (with brown or white bread) as well as a salad bar. The portions are generous and the vegetarian dishes are actually edible, which isn't something I can say for every cafe in Edinburgh. The cakes are the definition of yum.

The space has huge windows and big tables, and there are always a few newspapers lying about. It generally attracts an older crowd and families during the weekends. It's definitely popular, but at the same time, it's a great place to work because it's never very noisy. It's kind of out of the center of the city, so it's not overpopulated by students. The locals have stood their ground here.
After a day of sightseeing and charity shop browsing, we stopped in here for a drink before turning back towards the city and checking into our hostel.  This cafe provided us with a table, plenty of space to plan our return route and a relaxed atmosphere so we could rest from a day spent walking.  We didn't eat anything but we had a large bottle of Deuchars and a glass of wine (house white) for less than £7.  

The guy behind the counter was nice and helpful and we will definitely visit this cafe again.  It's a neighbourhood treasure and a great find!
This place has recently ... well last year ... been taken over by The Circle Cafe at Canonmills (which has always been great). The coffee - which was indeed a let down of the previous Metropole (see review below)  is now superb and I have had many flat whiles and americanos (consistrently excellent) - they also do the best almond croissants. The old art deco bank building retains the feel of the previous Metropole but is a little more stripped back I do kind of miss the huge palm tree plant which used to the centre piece.
It's not exactly budget (£8 for an eggs benedict) - but the food I have had has been very good. The staff are great andof the very attaractive surroundings make the slightly higher prices worth it.
Take a cardigan, this place is always cold! I really only go in summer, and even on a sunny day like today it was chilly. 

And yet, I still go, because the food's tasty and it's in a handy location for me. 

Metropole is lovely to look at - high ceilings, big windows, and booths round the edge to sit in. 

The food's delicious - I usually have a sandwich and chips, but there's always a couple of specials, and some delicious-sounding mains. And the staff are great and ... I feel bad for giving it three stars, but it's no fun eating with your coat on!
Getting late on a Saturday night we were walking further away from our usual haunts and our hopes of finding a place to eat were getting slimmer. We stumbled across the Metropole Grand and decided to give it a shout.

While it's a really lovely building, the layout, with a large glass chiller cabinet near the front door made it feel a bit like a buffet room in an all incisive deal. This aside it felt pretty well put together, with plenty of space to relax and dine in comfort. 

The evening menu wasn't that extensive, I think there were 5 or 6 choices, but I opted for the special of chicken on green lentils while sugar and spice opted for grilled halloumi on couscous. Wow. Everything was great. I don't normally head for the lentil options but so glad I tried this one. Worked completely and actually felt sad when the last fork-full went in. The halloumi was perfect and we both left well and truly contented with our dining experience. Add very good service and a decent wine option and it's a very difficult decision to go 4 rather than 5 stars. It's great, not amazing but great.
Must agree with other reviews, the temperature in here is the one thing that lets it down! I have only ever been in for breakfast, and it's the best in Newington fo sho! I HEART their Eggs Benny, and fresh coffee tastes sooo good! They also do freshly squeezed orange juice, which is the bomb (especially when hungover). If you are in the area this is your best breakfast option (apart from my breakfast, but that's invite only!!)

It's cold, FYI
If you're out for a Sunday stroll The Dalriada is a great place to stop for a pint. If you have the kids with you the climbing frame in the beer garden will keep them busy. Great sea views from the bar, restaurant and large beer garden. There is an enclosed patio area to the rear of the building for those who want to smoke out of the breeze or get a bit of sunbathing in. If its a windy cold day, stop in for some hot food.
The Quiz night on Thursday is great fun.


 Food is served from Monday to Saturday 12 - 3pm & 5 - 9pm, Sunday 12 - 5 pm. Children welcome up to 8pm. Booking advisable, especially at the weekends.
A pleasant bar in a converted bed and breakfast.
Last time I went to Portobello for a beverage, it resulted in a visit to the Ormelie and the discovery of the wallpaper in the bathroom, which is rather entertaining, it has to be said. However, the whole experience would equal old man pub rather than a 30-something hangout i.e. a wee bitty bit cleaner. 

Enter in a contender - Dalriada. Live sessions on a Sunday (you may find me there this coming Sunday) that I have yet to check out, pub quiz on a Thursday (that I intruded upon) and some nice views onto the Portobello Promenade and the Firth. Had some decent beer options on tap too i.e. not just Fosters. There are a couple of different rooms and an outdoor area in the back. I need some new watering holes - this will definitely be on the list.
Been to this place many times over the years.  The staff are hit or miss for friendliness, but the atmosphere makes up for it.  They have a garden out front and a beer garden out back.  They have live music to enjoy late, especially if staying close by - be forewarned that if you're travelling via public transport to check the times of the buses back into Edinburgh city centre as you may be wandering the beach until the wee hours if you don't.
Possibly had my most enjoyable Sunday of the year in here yesterday.

So was to meet a friend for lunch yesterday and she suggested rather than fight the crowd's in town lets go to Portobello - I was fairly dubious I must be honest!!

So off on the 26 bus we went and a short time later found ourselves at the beach. We wandered around for a good hour and thoughts came to lunch. I was aware of the Espy but my chum had a very low opinion of it so I took out my ever helpful ipohne and checked my Yelp app!

Dalriada came up as a four star establishment and so off we went! They call their menu light bites as really it is just a selection of things more than anything else. I went for the cullen skink and my friend the soup. Being Xmas time we decided a mulled wine was also in order.

So we sat down in the bay window gazed out at the sea and awaited lunch. It was served with a basket of really nice granary bread. The cullen skink was lovely, nice potato's cooked but still with a bite and importantly lots of big chunks of haddock.

That in itself for me would have given it a four stars as a wee day out. As we finished our second glass of mulled wine some musicians arrived and setup. Before we knew it there was 8 or so of them with various instruments playing together or doing solos.

The knowledgeable locals and regulars by this point were flooding in! It was packed, a brilliant elderly couple joined us at our table and before you knew it they were our best friends! 6/7 mulled wines followed 0  the brilliant 3 hr music set came and went and Ronnie and Sheena regaled us with stories of their lives spent living in Zimbabwe -- BRILLIANT!!

Just the best Sunday in a logn time!!! Great people, food, locals - I encourage you all to check it out!! I will be abck next Sunday for more of the same!!
I am torn between 3 & 4 stars - but I decided on 4 due to its wonderful location, hospitality and welcoming atmosphere. 
There are many outdoor camping tables and seats which make this place the perfect beach pub. 
Indoors it divides up in 2 areas - since they closed the restaurant bit all is now used for drinking and snacking. The main bar is usually used by a large group of musicians playing diddies and drinking beer. the middle of the floor is mostly kept free for dancing (if you so like and we have seen many a times people doing so) 

The fireplace is roaring in autumn and wintertime. The place is full at the best of times and packed all other times. Standing room only. There is not much special regarding the beers or other drinks served - apart that it is slightly more expensive than other pubs. They have no real competition as they are the only one for about 15 min (on Bath street  corner you have the Espy) 

I am still not sure why I am giving this 4 stars - but solely for the summer enjoyment and convenience they get an extra one.
What a lovely wee pub! 

I had the pleasure of visiting Dalriada this weekend as part of a Hen do, after luxuriating in the Turkish baths.  It's in a gorgeous old converted house right on the beach, and if I'm remembering correctly has outdoor seating for patrons to be able to take in the rare sunshine.  

 We were told we could get tea and cake so I was surprised to discover that it's a proper pub which also has good tea, coffee and cakes for people like us who needed re-hydrating.

There was actually a funeral reception (is that the right terminology??) going on, so there were platters of sandwiches and some really awesome music.  

Dalriada will definitely be my go-to Portobello pub in the future.
Historically, of course, the region of Dalriada was situated on the west coast of Scotland. However, it seems to have landed very comfortably after its migration across the country; now situated entirely within a magnificent turreted seafront house on the eastern coast at Portobello, it could have done a lot worse. With what estate-agents might term a "well-proportioned" garden and a series of bright and cosy adjoining rooms leading from the front door to the bar, it feels as much like a friend's home as it does a beach pub.

We arrived on a Sunday to find, to my sheer delight, a session in progress. It seems that live music is a regular feature in the Dalriada week, as if its sweeping views of the ocean weren't sufficient entertainment. A session always, always means extra points from me. I wished I'd brought my mandolin so I could join in, but instead took advantage of the glorious weather to sit on the grass outside and admire the view.

As a seaside establishment ought, it caters for pretty much everyone. The bar is well-stocked with a range of beverages and (hoorah) cakes, and they even keep water bowls behind the bar for the many dogs that romp along the sand every day. There was a great family atmosphere when I went, too - little children were out in the garden having a whale of a time.

Something that I, a naturally queue-conscious Brit, particularly enjoyed was the bar experience. The bar room itself is a little on the small side and so, rather than the usual game of squashing around the bar and hoping the serving staff have a supernatural ability to remember the order everyone arrived in, there was a nice little linear queue that wimbled out into the next room. That queue scooted along at a good pace, too; that's impressive given the business they were getting on such an unexpectedly gorgeous day.

It doesn't all hinge on the weather, though. It seems such a lovely place that I'm almost looking forward to the winter - I do love a bitterly cold walk along the beach and I can't think of a nicer way to round it off than with a spot of music and a hot chocolate while gazing out of the window.

Dalriada, please don't go back to the West. Stay here forever so that I can make you part of my every trip to Portobello Beach.
Well this place was a surprise. I've been past it countless times on the promenade and never noticed its existence, pretty much because it looks like a big house or hotel and not a welcoming local!

Inside it's quirky and original. Lots of mismatched furniture and big windows out to the sea lend even more atmosphere to the place. I only stopped for a couple of beers but it was the ideal place to relax and catch up with a friend. 

Bar seems well stocked and there was also live music. I believe there's a lot of music throughout the week, so another bonus. Will be back!
Excellent, sprawling beach house pub place that feels like a friend's house. Great atmosphere, good live music and jam sessions. Sadly they stop serving their "light bites" menu after 3 pm but will try it again. A great pint and good craic to be found. Worth a visit.
I've been here for drinks a lot over the last three years or so and had differing opinions virtually everytime but the place's quirky interior and range of cocktails have always lured me back. Now that the music policy and volume seem to have reached a sensible point (no blaring hardcore hip-hop) and the rather manic head barman seems to have moved on I think it can go on to greater things. And as I've for some reason failed to review it up till now having finally sampled the food it seems time to redress that.


 Deciding that drinking on a palindrome earned double points (and having a hankering to take up the bar's bottle of vodka with limitless trimmings deal) half a dozen of us trooped along on 01/02/2010. As this was a Monday night we ended up being the only customers for the bulk of our time there. I doubt that had any bearing on the service but that was uniformly courteous and swift either way. The bottle of Finlandia in an ice bucket at the end of the table was a roaring success and no one had any complaints about their dishes, which included hare with pumpkin puree, black pudding with beetroot and poached quails eggs, haggis linguine and a very enjoyable cheesecake with strawberries dessert. £22 for three courses if having the table d'hote and the a la carte was slightly dearer obviously.


 We'll be back again on 20/10/2010 and I'm looking forward to it.


 Visited again sooner than expected (April 12th) and things seem to have changed as far as the bottle to the table goes. Smirnoff Black is now the vodka of choice and you certainly notice the slight change in strength. Mixers have unfortunately gone from individual bottles to jugs from the gun (and bizarrely Tonic's no longer available inclusively). You're still probably getting vfm but less so than two months ago.
I've been waiting to review Monteiths. I love it so much I decided to go back one more time, to experience the whole thing again so it's fresh in my mind.

I love Monteiths. It's often described in tourist guides as 'Edinburgh's best kept secret' and it's not wrong! It is sitting just off the Royal Mile and can easily be missed if you don't know where it is. The fairy-lit walkway doesn't seem like much, and the steps down to the restaurant may seem a bit odd at first, but once you're down there, you're never going to want to leave. 

The bar is tres chic! Very cool and all the furniture is quirky, different and kitsch. They have a very special Banksy on the wall (google him!) of Edinburgh and really cool other features - such as a plastic deer-head and a mini library!

But let's get to the good stuff. The food...ok, I hear the point that the portions are small but the food is good. After all, it's quality not quantity! It's proper good, fancy food and tastes as expensive as it is...!  My only criticism would be about the desserts - nothing mouth-watering but hey, a moment on the lips and all that. So maybe it's for the best!

Monteiths is the sort of place I would take someone visiting Edinburgh for the first time. It's a really special place, in the summertime the beer garden is beautiful - I'm having my 21st here! It's a very special place!
I had absolutely no idea this bar and restaurant existed, such is its inconspicuous location on the Royal Mile, so when I met some friends for dinner here, I was quite delighted by the fairy light draped pathway which leads inside. I'm a sucker for fairy light enchantment, so this put me in a good mood for evaluating the rest of the experience.

The interior is very polished art deco style, modern but warm, with purple booths and comfy armchairs. Definitely good for a sly date or two, as it just has that ambience to it. The menu offers fairly classic fare but with a modern spin to it. The scallops and ginger marmalade I had to start were very, very good, as was the loin of pork I had for a main. The bottle of prosecco we ordered had a lovely flavour to it and came with strawberries to taste, which is always a nice touch. Having a meal here could prove to be quite expensive, but you can check out the menu on the website beforehand, and anyway, Monteiths is a pretty different dining experience from most establishments in Edinburgh, so I wouldn't expect prices to be rock bottom.

Coming here just for drinks is also a good call, as being slightly hidden away, you can escape the masses of revellers going to other bars in the area. The bar still gets busy at weekends though. The cocktail list has some unique concoctions on it, so if you do come in, make sure you sample one.
Located just off the Royal Mile, Monteiths is very fancy pants indeed, it does seem like it's trying a little bit too hard to be cool with the cushioned walls, chandeliers and the miniature yet perfectly presented portions of food. It reminds like of a real "ladies who lunch" type place but having said all that, I still quite like it. It isn't as obvious as other restaurants in the area and I must have walked passed it hundreds of times before finally popping in a couple of weeks ago.

They have a lunchtime offer where you can choose any two courses off the lunch menu plus a bottle of wine for £10.95 so great if you're a lady who lunches on a budget! Even though the portions are small, the food is still delicious and there is a great selection too.

In addition to food they also have an extensive cocktail menu, there's absolutely loads to choose from, in fact one of the best cocktail menus I have seen recently. The average price for a cocktail is around the £7 which I think is quite reasonable indeed.

A nice little find, definitely a good place to visit on a girly day/night out.
Booked a table as our last treat after spending a week in Edinburgh. The food was very good and for the price of ~£70 per head, including drinks, it should be. What didn't match the food was the surroundings. The restaurant was very crowded with 1 or 2 too many tables. The bathrooms were OK but not as good as they should be, and on my first visit there were no towels. The restaurant seemed to be more of a cocktail bar and because of this there was a lot of noise from the clientèle. Unlike other reviews I have read the Music in the restaurant was not loud. Service was acceptable. In summary the food and drink was excellent let down by the surroundings.
The small lights and branches on the entryway caught my eye for this restaurant just off the Royal Mile. They offer a good 2-course lunch menu. Yes, the decor is a little quirky (mismatched chairs and all) and the service was a bit slow, but it was a great change from the touristy places along the streets.

As for the meal, the Scottish shellfish chowder was divine. It was thick and packed with yummy shrimp, delightful on a chilly day. I decided I couldn't leave Scotland without trying haggis, so this was my day for the adventure. It was good, a bit more of a gourmet take on it, which is why I was willing to try it here :)
This was the best Scotish restaurant we have had in our trip to Scotland, it was better than Stravaign in Glasgow in our opinion.  The entrance to the restaurant is through a corridor that has a cannopy of wooden branches lined with small white Christmas tree type lights that give a romantic feel.  Then you go down a set of stairs into the establishment.

Once in you find a nicely decorated, warm, feeling bar and restaurant that is dimely lite with dark green walls, candlelight tables.  It is small bu they make it feel inviting.

We had the rabbit and chicken liver starter which was moist not dry.  It had a little gamey taste but very pleasant.  I had the preserved duck which was cured for 3-4 days.  It was sliced thin with some nice greens, capers, and some thin slices of cured tomatoe and pickle.  The flavor has a mild pleasant smokey aroma with a sweet vinegary taste.  Very nice, I have never had anything like it.

For  our main meal we had the Lamb with sweetbreads.  That was very moist and not dry at all.  The taste was sweet, savory and it had wonderfully crispy seasoned skin. They gave three plentiful portions of Lamb more than my wife could eat.  The sweetbreads were battered and fried with a tasty and sweet flavor.  I had the bone in Rib eye steak with basil butter on top.  That was served with very nice thick cut (one inch) french fries that tasted like they were cooked in duck fat, nice and crisp yet soft in the inside.  The steak was cooked medium rare to perfection.  It was very tender and well seasoned and savory, not just a good quality meat but had some very unique flavors.

I had the chocolat mouse with blood orange sorbet.  That was a rich creamy chocolat with a refreshing sorbet.  The other desert was cinimon poached pear which rather small with frozen double cream.
Our concierge at The Scotsman, Andrew Boe, recommended and made the reservation for us.  It was a wonderful atmosphere, beginning with the walk in under the fairy lights, to the dark and Christmasy dining room.  We started off with delicious crafted cocktails.  The sazerac sent my husband well on his way to feeling great.  I ordered the Hake and lobster which was wonderfully cooked and just the right portion for the days following the Christmas feast - small but enough to satisfy. The staff was warm, inviting and knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend this non-touristy hidden gem on the Royal Mile.
Oh. Oh no. Half of me wishes I had never been brought here and had it's delightful fairy-lit, courtyarded, tunnelled entrance introduced to me. The other half is telling that half to stop being an idiot and simply make a repeat reservation for dinner here 4 times a week, and then arrange cocktails with friends at the bar 2 days a week (with a day off to rest, as it's all about playing hard to get right?)

I had heard of Monteiths but had never seen it or had any idea where it was. Turns out it was hiding in plain view on the Royal Mile. Just a few doors down from WHISKI is a little, so-very-Edinburgh small pathway with arched fairy lights. It doesn't make a song and dance about itself, but rather teasingly shows just enough (an ankle maybe?) to catch the more perseptive pasersby.

Inside it feels like you've stumbled upon the best of secrets. Everyone else in here is in cahoots with you. Only you and they, and the waiters, know about Monteiths. A couple sitting at the bar luxuriating over their cocktails, a few families having dinner. 

Ok so perhaps a lot of people in Edinburgh *do* know about Monteiths and I was really late to that party. But the fact it's on the Royal Mile and you could easily walk past it and not know one of the most delightful restaurants is there, well it still feels secret to me and I've already been.

As to the food itself? I wanted *everything* on the menu. Usually there are one or two stand out options, and one or two I actually really don't want. Not the case here. Everything sounded amazing. It seemed a French-Scottish fusion, so lots of meats, not many carbs (in a good way, no pasta or rice, instead lots of vegetables etc.) And the set menu of two courses for £18.95 offered a lot of choice.

From which I had the smoked salmon. Now, when a large slate appears with 4 thinly folded slices of salmon and that is all, I have to admit my heart sank a little. Surely Monteiths wasn't a coquette, only to not deliver? No garnish, no side-salad, just a little drizzle of balsamic on the slate and a wee mound of rock salts. But when I tasted that salmon....oh my. Exquisite. Words cannot describe. I had to ask to see the menu again to discover how it was smoked and flavoured. Whisky, orange, other foodgasm type flavours. Any relish or salad would have killed it. This was perfection.

The duck with merquez sausage and white beans for my main was also superb. Not quite as *knock your socks off* memorable as the salmon (which I can still taste. It was so unique) but it was, for me Jen, perfect. Game-y meat, spicy sausage, vegetables and healthy proteiny carbs rather than bread and pasta and rice. 

The portions aren't massive, but for me again were perfect. Too full for dessert. Just goes to show that quality over quantity does win. But just a note for anyone with a hearty appetite. Maybe eat the bread that comes first? Or get dessert? 

The ambience, the decoration (did I mention that? Like a stately home drawing room, but not so stuffy as fresh. Dark blue walls with antique type tables and a certain muted glitz), the friendly staff, the food, THE SALMON.

I would honestly dine here weekly if I could, although I think it would be overkill as it does seem somewhere in need of a special occasion or particular reason for dining.

Ok I've waxed lyrical enough. One of my new favourite places in Edinburgh, easily.
Female Yelper, 35, seeks sophisticated and cosy Bar/Restaurant for drinks, food and maybe more.

Desirable qualities include a fairytale entrance with twinkly lights, a warm and cosy interior with gorgeously quirky Scottish castle inspired decor, comfy high-backed leather armchairs, candlelit toilets and a perfectly stocked bar.

Must have own smart and knowledgeable waiting staff, an impressive menu of local Scottish produce and delicious cocktails. 

Am available for breakfast, lunch, dinner and relaxed, luxurious drinks with good chat and mellow background music.

Will look forward to meeting you soon x
The food in Monteith's was incredibly poor - 1 star fare - although the place is certainly a smart place for cocktails, hence the extra star to bring it up to a 2 star rating.

Our view: "Far from being a contemporary take on Scottish cuisine, these dishes did nothing but reinforce the bad stereotypes that have too long plagued our national culinary image. Flavourless, overcooked pabulum is the only phrase that seems to adequately encompass the failings across both courses."

My experience was so different to those of others, both here on Yelp and from my group of friends who have also visited, that I can only conclude that it was chef's day off. Certainly, the broth and "rare" roast beef should be avoided when you visit, as these were the dishes I was unfortunate enough to order. 

Not a place to which I will be returning.
Beautiful little restaurant, with a fairytale-like entrance, which I'm sure would make a fabulous place for a date night (even first date material!)

I was recommended to go here by my hotel receptionist (the Radisson Blu), who called up and reserved a place for me and practically walked me down the hill to it. As a business traveller, I like to find little places where I can relax in the evening with a book and zone out. Although Monteiths is more of a 'proper' restaurant, they were fine with me doing so and very welcoming and helpful throughout the experience.

Bartender was impressive and very knowledgable about cocktails. He said that he hadn't been there long but still managed to recommend some of his favourites from the menu and then made me one. I navigated some of the pricer large meals by getting a starter of smoked salmon and a salad - both lovingly prepared and very large for their haute cuisine nature. The salmon was cured with gin, which sounds weird but was amazing!

If I ever come to Edinburgh with my other half, I am bringing him!
Monteiths was recommended by our friends who have travelled to Scotland several times.  It was a fantastic recommendation: the food was very good; the atmosphere was beautiful, cozy and romantic -- don't miss the outdoor area for a cocktail, it's heated, so don't worry about the chill; the service was very good, we had a lovely young lady as our server.  She seemed new and a bit tentative at times, but our needs were ultimately met and again, she was gracious and accommodating.

I gave the restaurant four out of five stars because that while I thought the food was very good, I thought the chef could be a bit more creative with local fare, which is an outstanding source of fish and seafood.  

Highly recommended.
This is a lovely LOOKING restaurant with good service. However, judging by its surroundings, I would have expected more from the food.
Been here several times before and I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt before reviewing.. they lost.
It is such a nice - secluded - location. You go down the steps through an alleyway of crowned greens(ivy?) filled with twinkling fairy lights. First thing you see is their 'outdoor' smoking area and you may miss the actual entrance leading you to the basement of the building.
There is the large and well stocked bar and 2 big high back easy chairs as a semi lounge area. Cosy. The furniture is deliberately mismatched - a bit too conscious about that, not the effortless mismatch I noted in other places.

As we were a party of two we (like last time) were asked to take place in the pass through area - were everybody will be passing - waiters, guests coming and leaving.. which I declined this time and asked for a table which has less traffic. We were supplied - good - close to the fireplace.

This was an 'Voucher Visit' for lunch. Meaning we had to order the starter, main and dessert in one order. We were supplied water laced with cucumber and grapefruit. This is not my favourite fruit but it does made the water taste different. 
The meal was served promptly and the staff was a little rushed but efficient and very friendly. I was (as with my former visits) not impressed with the food. There is essentially nothing wrong, but nothing really wowed me as I wanted it to be. There was not enough taste. There was not enough presentation, rather under presented. The portions are not enough. - We had the braised beef and white beetroot with trimmings and gravy. The beef was falling apart which I was pleased about, but no taste. The gravy was barely there and my wife had to ask for more. The trimmings were: 1 sprout, 1 baby potato, 1 turnip (undercooked) 1 baby carrot, 1 mini 'pig in blanket' and on the plate and the trimming bowl we had loads of curly kale (blanched) - who are you kidding?

Dessert was rolypoly and coconut ice-cream and a my wife had a chocolate cake & mandarin cake. 
The actual dessert was a chewy rolled poly with jam and vanilla ice-cream covered in coconut flakes, chocolate cake with 2 mandarin parts and a cream cocktail thingy. all nicely presented, all without the mmmm I like this factor. It was all..nice, pleasing, non offensive. 

Will I go back, actually yes I will. I have such hopes for this place- every time they show us that there is potential, but so far I have been left hanging, wanting for that dish to wow me. 

NOTE: there is NO wifi or mobile phone signal when in the restaurant - is that a good or bad thing .. I am still unsure. But I understand the no distractions idea of that.
Hidden place for drinks at night!

I had Cocktail Penecilin, a drink made in Milk and Hoeney in NY, its a great drink with ginger and smokey whiskey on top. It was good, a little weak maybe but steal good!

Recomend this place!
Small and hidden. Perfect on a rainy day. Luckily for us, it was a gorgeous sunny Scottish day and we still enjoyed it.
Mussels were the best we'd had in a while. None of the broth was left.
They were very helpful in suggesting gluten-free options for my boyfriend.
The only (slight) letdown was we both wished the duck-fat fries were a tad crispier.
I forgot how much I love this place until we popped in for drinks on the way down the Mile the other day. I wanted somewhere that wasn't hoaching with tourists. "There's no such place" said the OH ... Then I remembered Montieth's. 

Hidden down a wee alley, it's easy to miss. The fairylights are a clue that you're in for a treat if you take a gander down. There's a lovely outdoor area & inside a cosy bar & restaurant. Lots of dark paneling & tartan but in a tasteful stately home kind of way rather than tacky tourist-Ville.

We almost had the place to ourselves. There was one small group of ladies having cocktails at the bar. 

The cocktail menu is great and the bar staff know their drinks. I asked for a gin cocktail & after being asked a few questions to find out my likes & dislikes the apple bramble swizzle was recommended. It was delicious & went down a treat. I could've had another but I didn't want to turn up to the photo exhibition a wee bit tipsy ;-)

The last time we were here was in the winter. The fires were lit & it was a Cody retreat from the winter weather raging outside. 

This place is a definitely a secret worth keeping.
Quite an enjoyable Christmas lunch was had here last week with my boyfriend albeit I felt slightly rushed away from our table before the coffee arrived which I got miffed about (no prior warning!) especially as I'd spent £60 on a bottle of champagne to make it a special occasion! Mollified slightly by being escorted to some seats at the bar area. Harrumph.... Apart from that the service was speedy and friendly and they had the champagne waiting for me on arrival as requested. Tick. 

Food-wise, portions were possibly a bit small upon first glance however we both felt satisfied and it's kinda nice leaving a restaurant not feeling overly stuffed. If my dad had been with me however.... Oh no.... He would have complained about the size of the turkey main....

I'd bought an itison voucher for a 3 course lunch and petite fours. Overall, extremely good value and I didn't feel like they'd skimped at all with the quality (you know how much of a rage I get into when that happens!!). My baked cheddar starter turned out to be a big spring roll looking thing filled with unidentifiable vegetables and a small amount of cheese. Tasty, though didn't match the description on the menu. The turkey ballotine was yummy! The ju was possibly a bit overly salty however as a salt fan it hit the mark with me. Would have loved a couple of extra roasties but that's cos I'm a greedy sod! My dessert choice was the cheeseboard, his was the sticky toffee pudding. Tick, tick. Only gripe was the disproportionate quantity of oat cakes versus cheese however the 3 cheese offerings (cheddar, blue and Brie) were of a  generous size and the red and green grape chutney was an excellent accompaniment. 

Would recommend and I'd buy a voucher from there again! Have a chat with the beardy bar man! He's really knowledgable about his  gin and where you can buy the more unusual bottles in Edinburgh.
Who can resist a nice, juicy steak? Not me, that's for sure!

Monteith's is one of those places I've passed by many a time, intrigued by the arches of branches and fairy lights that lead down to it from the Royal Mile, but I'd always assumed it was a little out of my price range. Which it is, for the most part. However, when an itison voucher appeared in November for rib eye steaks, chips, a 250ml glass of wine plus coffee and petit fours for two for the very reasonable price of £34 I snapped it up.

As often happens I left it to the last couple of weeks of the voucher's validity to use it, but it meant that my boyfriend and I could enjoy a treat on an otherwise unremarkable Saturday.  I booked a week in advance, so was a little disappointed to see we had the table right next to the stairs down into the restaurant and right next to a plant - the plant was so obtrusive it rendered one of the seats at our table unusable. But apart from where we were sitting (and it wasn't so bad, as at least we weren't right next to anybody else, and I had a great view of the bar), the interior is really lovely. It's all muted tartan in earthy colours and animal skulls, modern Scottish I guess you'd call it (have they been decorated entirely by Anta?).  The staff are young and decidedly cool (check the bartender's massive beard).

We were one of several tables using a voucher, so there was a slight wait for our food, but nothing outrageous for a busy restaurant. We were offered a choice of two wines, a Chardonnay or a Merlot, with us both plumping for the Merlot (of course, red wine and steak!).  For what is presumably the house red, it was lovely! I was really surprised just how nice it was, and also very glad to see a voucher deal offering a 250ml serving (though it looks small in the glass as those things are huge!).

And the food itself was really, really good. A nice sized rib-eye, which would normally have cost £22. There was fat in it, but not so much that I ended up cutting more off than I ate meat (as I've had in other restaurants).  And I was delighted to see that it was indeed medium, not medium rare, not medium well, just medium.  In fact my boyfriend opined that it was better than Kyloe's. Chips were few but they were those mega brick sized ones so their volume more than made up for their number. And whilst the béarnaise maybe could have done with a smidge more seasoning, it was still the perfect accompaniment.

Coffee was good, although the petit fours were about half an inch long and there was only one each - a tiny square of something chocolatey. It was very nice, but miniscule (I know they're petit fours, but really these were teeny).

I'm too poor to come to Monteith's regularly, but should they ever have a deal again I'll snap one up!
I visited this place for dinner on my last trip to Edinburgh.
My cousin had organised a family dinner, and we all pre-selected our 3-course meal from their Christmas menu prior to that evening. 
It' a lovely little gem that's located just off the Royal Mile, where you will reach the entrance to the restaurant after walking down a cute fairy light-lit pathway.
I had the Merry Metropolitan cocktail from the festive list, just you know, to get into the festive mood!
Each of us had ordered different dishes from each of the courses so that we could have a taste of everything - sharing is caring!
For the starters, I especially liked my selection which was the seared salmon - kedgeree bon bon, carrot and star anise puree. I love kedgeree, and these kedgeee bon bons were just too cute and delicious.
For mains, my favourite was the duck confit - it's usually one of my favourite selections from any menu, because who doesn't love duck confit...
Desserts were good as well, particularly the chocolate delice - rich, creamy and very indulgent.
I can't comment on their regular menu, but overall I enjoyed their festive menu.
The place was obviously quite busy and crowded considering it was around Christmas time, but it's a lovely, cosy little setting that's worth a visit.

More photos here: http://dancing-in-high-heels.blogspot.co.uk/2013/12/monteiths-edinburgh.html
Cozy downstairs space to get away from the Royal Mile hustle. Had a great roast chicken lunch. Modern Scottish decor that does feel touristy at all. Full bar. Would be good for lounge cocktails at night too.
Stumbled upon this restaurant on my recent visit to Edinburgh, the restaurant itself is tucked away and if it was not for a friend noticing a sign for it we would of carried on walking to find another restaurant....

The entrance to the restaurant is beautiful! An arched walk way made of bamboo sticks and tree lights. Once inside we were plesently surprised very cosy looking and the bar was fully stocked an added bonus!

The food was amazing I got a burger with chunky fries and the cocktails were amazing as well.

Only slight downfall service was a bit slow however the restaurant was busy.
I am honored to be the first to Yelp this new restaurant. Forget all those old "date" places like Benihana's, etc.  This is the NEW and FUN way to have a meal.  This place is a little hard to find because the address is on Rancho Vista Dr, but the front of restaurant faces Scottsdale Blvd. Maybe new signage is in the works but it's not up yet.  It's in the commercial area of the Camelview condo development.  Went there for the first time last Saturday night after a long, long drive from California.  Josh and the entire staff was so friendly and welcoming that it lifted my bad mood.  The menu is fun because you pick one type of meat and the rest is literally the Cook's Surprise.  They do check to see what you WILL NOT eat so you won't be served anything you're not accustomed to. Four courses for $45, if you would like it paired with their wine selections, it's another $20 bucks.  Yes, $65 is not cheap but it's very reasonable for this innovative menu prepared especially for you. It won't help for me to describe the dishes because it will be different for you anyways.  My hubby ate there one hour earlier and everything was different.  I did have the tops of the beets for a veggie.  Who knew Beet Tops were so delicious!  I will definitely be coming back.
I have to say that I'm am so disappointed with Posh at this time. The food just failed to wow, that and with an excruciatingly long 2 and a half hour 5 course meal was painful, figuratively and physically (the seats were so hard). 

The idea here to to select what type of eater you are, vegetarian, carnivore, seafood or chefs choice.. then you outline the things you don't like as well as dietary restrictions. Great concept, even now I still think its a great concept but I don't think many people are going to get it, or are that adventurous. I think Posh would have done well in a foodie city like San Francisco but I don't think its going to take off here. 

The chef does select great ingredients and seems to be very confident in his knowledge of cooking, plus he's very creative. 2 of us were low carbing of the 4 in our party but, none of the dishes were much different between us. For instance they received a portion of kobe beef and we got a lamb chop, we could have just switched plates and it would have been the same effect. Though when I saw sweet potatoes in the plate I knew that Id have to eat around it. While the chef 'sent' his apologies (he should have come personally) and offered another savory course, my rear was hurting so bad I passed on it. Did get a cheese course for dessert which was good but all the fruit around went into the trash, low carb usually means no fruit. 

I'm sitting here just really disappointed and well, hungry. If you're really hungry order more than 5 courses, if not, well you'll be looking for something to eat afterward. BTW, the cookie plate in the end was bigger than any course we had though with being on a low carb diet was kind of torture/cruel since I couldn't eat any of them. We did leave hungry.

Here's a list of plates that we had..

Mache salad w/cucumber and blood orange
Fennel soup with endive salad
Shrimp with curry and salsify puree
Sanddab with roast turnip 
Lamb chop with turnip and sweet potato
Cheese with pickled and fresh fruit
Posh is one of the coolest restaurants I have experienced.  The menu consists of all the protein they have available that day and you get to mark off what you do not like.  The number of courses depends on how much you would like to spend.  This place is so fun because you really have no idea what you are going to get.  I had the most amazing scallop app and short rib entree. I would highly recommend this place.
I wish i had Yelped about this place sooner. I've since mostly forgotten what i ate there.

My boyfriend took me here for my brithday and I can't say enough good things about it! The ambiance was awesome. Very chic and friendly. I loved the open kitchen, but if you sat at a table, it wasn't distracting. The service was fantastic. the waiter was extremely helpful and explained everything.

We got 7 courses and we're pretty adventurous so we chose "chef's choice" - no restrictions on the protein. It was delicious. I loved that we both got different items so we could share and essentially eat 14 different dishes. What I remember enjoying the most was the kangaroo, the scallops, the cheese and the spare ribs. Phenomenal!!!!! The dessert was also great and if you go for an occasion, you can write your secret message on your food selection card for them to write in chocolate sauce on the dessert plate.

I really can't say enough good things about this place. You definitely want to go with people you enjoy, since you you'll be there for a good period of time. Probably not the best first date place since if you're miserable, it's hard to make small talk for 2 hours. 

If you're looking for a dining experience, you have to try Posh. The food is delicious and you'll be telling people about it for weeks. I can't wait to go back and try new items.
WOW. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. 

We went early Friday night and each got 4 courses with wine pairings. You get a small menu with a list of proteins. You mark off what you don't want to try and list any dislikes or allergies. You know I had to put down that I don't like corn. I went with the chef's choice and Mike went with the carnivore selection. 

Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection. The meat, seasonings, broths, and vegetables were all divine. We had heirloom tomatoes, duck with green beans and squash, baby octopus with snap peas, kobe beef with artichokes, and kangaroo with fingerling potatoes and shitake mushrooms. Sorry, if I can't remember exactly what was in the meals, as I was too busy devouring every bite. And why didn't anyone ever tell me that kangaroos where so tasty? I pretty much licked everything off both of our plates. Dessert was also very yummy. I had a chocolate pate. I don't remember what Mike had as he had finished before I had a chance to get a second bite. 

The entire staff was very friendly. We sat at the bar and chatted with Josh, Zac and the amusing Kirby. It was fun watching them make all the dishes. This was such a great dining experience. 

The lollipop at the end of our meal and cookies to take home were a special treat. I'm sure Mike is already regretting bringing me here because it's not a cheap meal and I want to come back. You have to try this place. 

You can find complimentary valet parking off the garage at Rancho Vista Dr.
Went back. Still amazing. I ate kangaroo!!!!
We noticed a sign on the Optima,(where we live) which we had no idea it was even there. Decided to go check it out. We sat at the high top overlooking the kitchen , which was very nice to see how clean it was. 

Once handed the menu we were obviously confused,( you will know what i mean if you go in,) it is similar to a sushi restaurant as far as you get a piece of paper that you check off. How many courses and what you DONT Eat. After that its all the chefs say.

It was really fun not knowing what you were going to get and after your first course you are really sitting ther with your mouth water. 

We got a seven course dinner or maybe five?? With a wine pairing. Everything was fantastic, I didnt care fore the braised pork thing with bacon but it was good just not my cup of tea with all the fat. 

The Chef was wonderful to explain what we were eating and why it works and the idea behind it. I recommend sitting at the kitchen seats just for that.

The desert was the best I have ever had. It was a honey custard pudding sauce?? not too sure on how to describing it but I really didnt want to swallow any of my food so it would never end. 

 As a bonus if you live at the optima they will deliver it to the condo. yum!
I give Posh two stars because obviously the food matters more than anything else at a restaurant, but I commend them for their terrific service and give them the benefit of the doubt that the night we visited was an off night.

For starters, when we made the reservation the night before, we were told we couldn't be accommodated at 7:30, but they could get us in at 8, or maybe a few minutes earlier. We showed up around 7:40 and in this huge restaurant with seating for probably 100, there were maybe 20-25 people. If they couldn't get us in at 7:30, at merely 25% capacity, because "they couldn't provide the best dining experience possible," as they claimed, then I can't imagine how they could ever handle a full restaurant. Regardless, we were seated right away and chose seats at the kitchen bar, to be able to watch the chefs in action. Our server came over and explained the restaurant concept to us and how ordering worked. I won't explain, since many others have already, but we both chose the 4-course chef's choice.

I won't run through all the dishes but, in brief, all of their food with the exception of one fish course and one dessert lacked flavor. Everything from the amuse straight through to the end was so one-dimensional...the flavor profile was so narrow...absolutely no depth of flavor.

After our first course, the manager came over and asked how everything was. We were honest about how bland everything was, and he said, "Let us try this course again for you." They did, and when he returned to see if this was better, we said yes because, at this point, we felt bad complaining about the food any further...but it wasn't.

We were very disappointed with our meal, especially after Seftel's glowing review and the great Yelp reviews. We spent much time speaking with the manager, who seemed to care genuinely about our feedback, rather than just indulging us in listening to our opinion. Posh is lucky to have such a great manager. He explained that he wasn't making excuses but that, due to the nature of their concept, they do have off nights where they look back the following day and say, "That menu didn't really work." He also explained that they don't follow a minimalist or "blandness" credo, per se, but that the chef doesn't want to throw out anything that will scare the diners, since people won't think to put "No sea urchin" on their card when they order. I understand this, but I think people who come to this type of place are fairly adventurous diners to begin with. Not only that, but you don't have to be too wild to give flavor. A little seasoning on the lamb and duck, a nice port wine reduction or orange glaze...give me SOMETHING to excite my palate!

They ended up taking 10% off our bill and I think they gave us a little bigger dessert, thoughtful gestures that further conveyed their commitment to customer satisfaction.

As we were leaving, the manager said, "You know, with prices like ours, we can't really afford to have off nights or people won't come back and we'll be here two or three more months. But I really hope you'll come back and give us another chance." Because he was so nice and because I really want this place to survive and do well, I'd love to give them a second shot. I just don't know if I can justify another $100 meal with the risk of it being off the mark when I can be assured of a stunning meal at Noca or other foodie destinations for the same cost.

I thank Posh for their excellent service, but if the food continues to let diners down, making it right with great service will be no substitute for not disappointing in the first place.
I went to Posh for my birthday dinner and got the full menu with my wife ($110 each, plus $15 for foie gras).  I can't possibly give it higher rankings and it is one of the best restaurants I have been to in the metro Phoenix area.  The full menu ended up being about 14 courses over a 4 hour period.  I enjoyed everything served, and I am a pretty picky eater.  The courses were as follows (I can't remember all of the accompaniments):

Amuse Bouche - lychee jelly with licorice and mint
Salad with goat cheese and cherries with a mustard vinaigrette
Popcorn soup with clarified butter and smoked paprika (tastes like the soup version of movie theatre popcorn!)
Black bass
Mahi Mahi
Grouper
Halibut
Foie gras brulee with watermelon broth and Bing cherries ($15 supplement that was worth every penny)
Kangaroo (tastes like very lean beef)
Frog legs
Venison
Lamb
Duck (great crispy skin)
Pork Belly (melts in your mouth)
Surf and turf (NY Strip and Loup de Mer)
Cheese plate (Maytag Blue and Humbolt Fog, the latter which my wife raved about)
Pear-Cabernet sorbet
Strawberry Rhubarb sorbet
Lemon cake on a chocolate sauce
Carmelized fig
Honey ricotta flan (I think)
Chocolate pate with chocolate tuile and white chocolate
Frozen fruit and ricotta cheesecake lollipop made on the anti-griddle
Cookies to take home (pistachio, peanut brittle and fruit biscotti)

Some of the courses were served together (sorbets and desserts), and all were small, but you fill up over the course of a few hours.  The chef is doing a great job, and all of the food I saw come out of the kitchen looked, smelled and was amazing.  

When you go, it is best to sit at the bar, and probably want to sit where the fires are going.  If you want to splurge, this is the place to do it, but you can also get smaller menus....anywhere from 4 courses to the full menu.  Everyone in the valley should be happy that this place is open.  I put it up there with Binkley's, without the long drive.
We did the 5 course with wine paring early on a Wednesday night. The place already had a couple of tables going and some food bloggers filming at the open kitchen. You can see the chefs working from every table in the restaurant but if you want to chat with the chefs ask for a seat at the open kitchen area. 

The 2 of us had different courses with different wine pairings. I started with an amuse bouche, followed by popcorn soup, raw fish salad, kangaroo, quail and an ice cream lollipop.   My husband had lamb which was a little overdone and they replaced this immediately with some fabulous veal cheeks and an extra wine paring
The outstanding courses were the veal cheeks, kangaroo, quail and a raw fish salad.  

The wine parings were good and well synchronized with the food, no waiting and good sized pours.  

OK  what is with the bread???    or should I say lack of bread.   You have to beg for it.  "Well we don't really DO bread but if you are prepared to wait you can have some"  OK the bread is worth waiting for.  Its not like any bread I have had before, its sort of frenchie, cakey, fried in animal fat or lard, but it is GOOD.  You need the bread to soak up all the yummy sauces. 

The staff were friendly but could have spent an extra minute with us to explain the dishes in greater detail and why the wines were paired with it .   Staff were knowledgeable about the wines.

Parking --  easy to find right under the restaurant follow the signs for POSH

Improvisational cusine is a win win.   For foodies the thrill of the unknown, for the restaurant they have creative license and don't have to stick to a set menu and if you run out of something, oh well!  

Would I go back - Absolutely !!!!
Over all I was not as impressed as I was hoping to be. It was kinda like being excited for what you had hoped would be an awesome date, only to be disappointed at the end. I like surprises and thought this would surprise me and it sure did. But not how I wanted to be surprised.
First of all I am quite the picky eater. They ask you to list all the things you don't like. I can't exactly remember what I don't like because there are too many things. I can remember what I hate, but not things I would rather not have. I love fish so I left all my fish choices open.....what do you know....they serve me the fish I dislike the most....fish cooked with the skin on. And 2 of my entrees of the fish were skin on and served the same way....with bok choy....which I don't particularly find interesting. I had read others reviews about the awesome popcorn soup and truffley things and I wanted those items too....but I wasn't served them :( So I was disappointed.
Dessert was the best part of the evening, The best flour-less chocolate cake ever. And I loved the lemon custard flash frozen pops as well. The take home cookies were a cute touch.
Yea, disappointing was hoping to explore some fun flavorful dishes and instead got fish with the skin. A disappointing date indeed.
NOT ENOUGH FOOD.  We decided to dine with some friends last night.  I had seen this place a couple times, read an article about it and saw the reviews on Yelp.

We all decided to give it a chance.  I have to say that the service was great.  The waiter was on point and the drinks were good.  However, that is were it seems to stop.

First were was the music?  After about 30 minutes there I kept thinking something was missing.  When it hit me there was no music.

The food was good and interesting.  I think the concept is great, and you feel like your on a episode of Top Chef.  

Problem is there is not enough food.  After each course all four of us kept getting hungrier and hungrier.  Also, two of at the table request no veal sweetbreads and venison - we both got what we requested not to get.  Although mine was good, a bit bland but eatable.

To say the least - it was a great experience.  We had a great time with friends and we will be talking about the outrageous bill for what we got for a couple years.

If your going to go, your going for the concept, not for hunger 

We had to go to Bungalow across the way and grab a grilled cheese after.
While getting new gear for this year's Native American Recognition Days Banquet at the Scottsdale Mall some friends and I suddenly got hungry - we kept trying to tigure out what to eat when I broke out my cell and texted KGB (542542) and asked "I'm at the mall in Scottsdale, AZ. Where is a unique yet nice place to have dinner near here?" Moments later I had my answer "Posh. How do we describe Posh? with two words: Improvisational Cuisine". We were hooked!

I, the ever knowing yelper (yelpita to Thomas S.) have already heard of Posh and threw it on my list of places to try... became uber excited and lead the way. the parking is kind of odd just follow the signs from the road! And valet is free!! YAY!! We would've used it but the guy wasn' there!

We were met by our uber cute server (dang! Forgot his name sorry!) and chose to dine at the counter. They liked it but the chairs were a lil uncomfortable for me. I kept almost falling the whole meal.

I sampled a few wines and chose the rose` for a pre-meal drink. The "quiz" before the meal was different. I'm sure other reviews explain the Posh concept - in a nutshell: there was a short list of protiens, diners are asked to cross out anything they DO NOT want to dine on & then list ingredients they do NOT like or are allergic to and based on your answers - your meal is formulated improvisationally (is that even a word?) 

We chose the 5 course meal with wine (except for our DD) I said that I wasn't feeling the frogslegs and that I was down for anything including throwing an extra $15 for frois gras.

After we turned in our surveys, the chef came and spoke to us. I mentioned his use of White Tepary Beans. Tepary Beans are a staple in our culture and its surprising to hear about it being used in haute cuisine. Turns out he purchases his beans from TOCA (Tohono O'odham Community Action)'s farms which funds cultural activities for the Tohono O'odham Nation... tiiiight! 

On to the food...

There were three of us dining and that'd be 15 dishes!! soooo for this review, I'm only going to be describing my meal.

First was an amuse bouche of Lychee in a light oily sauce. Very good, nice and slightly sweet but a good start. Next came a salad made of cabbage & wild boar bacon (that was marinated over night in DUCK FAT!). The salad was good, small but overwhelmingly flavored with onions. I wrote on my survey that I DETESTED raw and strong onion flavor... so why serve me an onion filled dish?! It was good, which is why I didn't send it back but after a while I couldn't hang and ended up not finishing it; but I LOVED my friend's popcorn soup! the BEST way I can describe it is: imagine watering down grits with chicken broth & adding popcorn as a garnish. 

Course 2 was a lightly fried fluke with sauteed baby bok choi. Very good - extremely light. The wine paired with it was ah-mazing! The panko coating was a little too oily but the fluke was still great! I would have like to have seen it be oil poached. My friend had a stuffed quail that was better than Thanksgiving dinner!! I couldn't believe it was so good, I wanted to switch plates!

3rd course was the frois gras... the apex of a great meal. wonderfully seared and served cold... it was my first experience with frois gras... and it was sweet & delicious. It was paired with a sliced strawberry, spun sugar and a light sauce. ITs paired wine was the sweetest I ever had and complimented the dish perfectly.

4th was pan roasted lamb with some kind of greens. This was a little disappointing. As my friend and i recieved the same dish! WTF? Half the fun of this place should be that everyone at the table recieves something different! I asked my meat to be cooked to medium and this was medium-well (boo!) the sous chef even commented saying that the doneness of the lamb made him cry on the inside... I was like "uhhhhh - then why did you over cook it?!" The dish was good, the lamb tender and the greens nicely flavored, kind of heavy on the bacon/pork fat flavor.

Finally dessert. A chocolate pate` with more spun sugar and blackberry sauce finished my meal. Imagine taking a chocolate truffle and striping it of its semi-soft chocolate coating and forming its insides into a baby triangle and u'd have my pate`! 

As we were playing Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, spock (shout-out to all The Big Bang fans!) over the bill we were given flash frozen lemon custard lollipops (yummy!) and a small bag of cookies and brittle as parting gifts. They were great to nosh on during the giggle-filled ride home. 

Over all - the meal cost over a $100 a person & was VERY good, there might have been a few errors here & there but we still left buzzed & satisified! To my yelpers I say: Its a pretty penny and the add-ons do add-up but if you're looking for an amazing meal & have cash to spare give Posh a try. Just be sure to sit at the counter for the ultimate foodie experience!
We went here for dinner last night and it was so amazing that here I am,  first thing in the morning, writing my review. In a word, Posh is AMAZING. So much so that I can't wait to go back!  Sorry Mark and Eddie, but I think I just found my new favorite place! Oh I'll be back to you, but holy cow is Posh ever good. 

As has been described already in other reviews, you get a list of proteins and you can let the chefs know what you dislike and they will build a menu based on what you do like. I pretty much gave them carte blanche although husband was a bit more restrictive. We opted for the full tasting menu, his without wine pairing and mine included wine. 

The service is absolutely incredible. Everyone is very friendly and non-intrusive although with selecting the full tasting menu, we saw A LOT of our server.  Several times, Joshua Hebert, the chef/owner served our dinners and he is a delight--very sweet, humble, and a refreshing change from some of the pompously overbearing chefs here in town (cough cough Chris Gross cough cough)

The food was fantastic....simply, utterly, completely fantastic. With the full tasting menu, there were 14 (no that's not a typo) different selections that came to our table including dessert. I included the foie gras and while others disliked the pairing of it with the berries, I found it quite a nice compliment to the richness of the foie gras. Each selection came just as we requested it be prepared, full of flavor, and never over done.  Our dishes truly crossed the entire spectrum of food ranging from fish to clams to beef short ribs to sweet breads, venison, duck, lamb, and beef.  We had the most delicious endive salad which was a homage to the wedge salad only bite size. And we also had an amazing sweet potato soup that was velvety and perfectly done. The only dish I didn't care for was the duck as the texture just didn't do it for me. Husband likes his meats prepared well done and he got well done every single time--not burnt--but still moist and delicious. 

Since I selected to have wine pairing, each dish came with a different wine....so yeah, that's 14 different wines...well 13 because 1 dish was actually paired with a very nice beer. Each beverage was perfectly paired with each dish. Having the pairing did enhance the flavors of each dish. But I guess that my 1 complaint...14 alcoholic beverages paired with 14 dishes and this Mama was definitely drunk by the time we got outta there.  By the last 4 dishes,  my tastebuds were so inebriated, I don't think I quite got the full flavor of those dishes. I can tell you that those last 4 dishes had great textures and I'm pretty comfortable to say I liked them.  The dessert of crustless cheesecake with meringues was refreshing because it wasn't so sweet. (at least I think so haha)  The next time I go back, I will probably just order a bottle of a solid all-around kind of wine instead of doing pairing simple because I don't want to be drunk every time I go there. 

The only other complaint I have is that the restaurant gets very very loud. The room is a wide open space with nothing to break up the noise. And be prepared for the obligatory arrogant Scottsdale guy who thinks he's far more important than he is, out with a woman who is so out of his league that he doesn't realize she's just there for his money. There were a few of those, but it does make for great people watching. 

If you are looking for something different...something where you can just tell the chef this is what I don't like, now SURPRISE ME, Posh is your place. I can't say enough great things about this place and I really can't wait to go back!
How easy is it to give them five stars?  VERY EASY.

They made the evening fun, magical, and truly exciting!  Here is what I liked:

1.  Getting to pre-select what I do not want.  (Brilliant idea!!)
2.  Getting to select how I want my foods cooked.
3.  Actually getting them cooked the way I selected! (BRAVO!)
4.  Service that was spot-on, quick, efficient, never intrusive.
5.  Excellent wine list, and pairing with each course.  This restaurant knows their stuff! 
6.  Interesting interior design really was a comfortable setting.  

I am a fan, and would whole-heartedly reccomend Posh in Scottsdale to anyone who wants an incredible evening of dining!  This restaurant knows their business and shows it in each and every course!  From the soup that was incredible to the salad that was perfection on a plate, I just do not know how a dining experience could be better.

My wife and I were genuinely surprised at each course, and enjoyed the fun of not knowing what was coming next.  

Posh - keep up the incredible work, you just raised the bar for every fine dining establishment!!

If you could give more than five stars on Yelp, but could only do it for one business, this would be the time to do it!!
My, OH-My!

This was my first visit to Posh and I can not wait to return. From the ambiance, service and cuisine this was a stellar experience.

Nestled in a condominium complex, this wonderful 26 seat food bar gives front row viewing to the complex culinary skills of the kitchen staff. With additional table seating if that's your preference.

We were greeted warmly and seated at the food bar. After completing the questionnaire regarding allergies and preferences, we ordered the five course plus the foie gras supplement and included the wine pairing. Each serving was presented to the two of us precisely at the same time then described in detail. 

The dining experience started with an amuse bush of persimmon salad. Then I was served a lovely salad that combined blood orange, avocado, chocolate, hazelnut and watercress into an amazing combination of flavors. Next was the perfectly cooked scallop with mustard, chanterelles, shallots and thyme. The third course was the foie gras that was a visually stunning presentation as well as being delectable. This was followed by confit of wild boar bacon, duck crackling with maple glaze on a butternut puree. A selection of cheeses was served as the fifth course that mingled creamy and savory flavors.  A clever twist of a snicker bar made of a chocolate pate with cognac caramel sauce was the finale.

This was an extraordinary experience and I look forward to returning. Thanks to chef Josh Hebert and the entire staff at Posh!
What a meal! My wife and I decided to try this place out. I had the 6 course, she had the 5 course. The first course is always a salad or soup, the last is always a dessert. Thus, I had 4 dishes coming to me, she had 3. You simply cross off what you don't want on the list of items that they have tonight. Then you mention how you like food prepared and they think of the rest. 
My four were a scallop dish, a baby octopus dish, a uni (sea urchin) mousse type thing, and a seared lamb dish. Dessert was a raspberry bomb. Everything I had was awesome. The chef does a wonderful job of combining sweet with salty. The flavors were very unique. 
My wife had big eye tuna with sriracha sauce, a duck dish with light pasta and a beef dish. She never orders red meat, but she devoured the beef. Her dessert was chocolate cubes with salt sprinkled on top with a olive oil drizzle. Never would have thought to combine those three things but it was great. 
I suggest sitting at the chef's counter. It allows you to look at everyone preparing dinner, and gives you a chance to interact with Josh, the head chef/owner. If you are a foodie, being able to ask the chef questions and getting his take on the food helps make your meal. 
Dinner for two ran us $145, before tip. I had 2 beers, my wife had iced tea. No wine.
A business associate treated my husband and me to dinner last night at Posh in Scottsdale, and while I definitely don't believe this restaurant is for everyone, the three of us really enjoyed it.

I think you have to have an open mind and be willing to try new things to really appreciate Posh.  You don't "order" a dinner but rather you cross off of a list of possible dishes the foods you don't like, and make notes about other things you won't (or can't) eat, and indicate how many courses you want to be served.  Then the Chefs get to work and prepare the number of dishes to serve and you won't know what you're getting until they put it in front of you.

The food itself was amazing - small portions - maybe four bites each (I'm not a big eater but had the 5 course.  Four courses would have probably still been plenty, I couldn't have managed 6), but beautifully presented and really tasty.  For example, my two favorite courses were the Wild Boar Bacon served with a polenta pancake and a slice of grilled apple (it was SO good I couldn't bring myself to share any with my husband and friend), and the braised short-rib served with a mashed purple yam compote and baby carrots (which was also so good that I realized by this time that I just had to share it, and both agreed that it was amazingly good).

If there is something on the list of possibilities that you want to be SURE you get to experience, just put a "Yes" next to it.

My only recommendation is that you consider carefully if you want to order the "with wine" courses, which means that you get a 'tasting' of wine with each course, not a full glass.   Great idea if you like to taste a variety of wines but don't generally drink much.  If you do, order the courses without wine and then just order a glass or bottle of wine 'a la carte'.

All in all Posh is a great place to take someone you want to impress, or to celebrate something special, or if you just want a fun experience and don't care about the cost.  It was pricey (very) but worth it, and I would definitely go again.
I rarely give 5 stars and when I do, its because the entire meal from beginning to end was truly stellar.  

And Posh deserves 5 stars...

Hubby and I took 2 friends to dinner here and we had never eaten there before.  That's always a risk, but after reading my fellow yelpers critiques, I felt confident enough to do this.  We called the restaurant and spoke to Josh - yes, Josh from Posh.  You know I could not leave that one alone!  When I mentioned something about his obviously rhyming name, he said that he had only realized this after he named the restaurant.  Obviously, speaking to the owner - who was really nice to speak to.

We get to dinner early enough to have drinks at the bar.  The decor in the restaurant is just beautiful - very clean lines and a modern-hip vibe.  We were never rushed even when our bar time went past our 7:15 reservation.  Good sign.  We were seated as soon as we mentioned we were ready.

The four of us filled out the list of what we did not want to eat and all of us had the 6 courses with the wine pairing.  I scratched out 3 things: frogs legs, manila clams, sweetbreads.  After our wishes were submitted, they brought out an amuse bouche that was a mini ball that had goat cheese in it.  I wanted more and I knew it was the beginning of a great experience!

First course was a baby spinach salad with a very light vinagrette dressing and crispy duck crackling which was so yummy that I really would have licked the plate if I knew for sure no one would see me. Second course was Fluke prepared with a fabulous light sauce and served with a slice of honeydew melon.  Amazing.

The third course was the Foie Gras and I was too excited for words.  Anyone that knows me knows I'm a sucker for a perfectly prepared Foie.  The medallion was served with a large spun sugar topping and some yummy sauce.  I went to put it in my mouth and was surprised to find that it was served cold.  Now I love pate and love Foie Gras in all its forms but did not expect this.  I just thought it would be seared and served hot.  After the initial mental adjustment I had to make, The second bite was surreal - rich, mousse-like, so delicious with the wine they served.  I really thought this was unusual but welcomed the change.

The fourth course was a fabulous duck breast perfectly prepared in a broth that had a fresh black pepper taste but not overwhelming at all.  We were all trying to figure out what the other herb in it was - and they told us star anise.  So yummy.  The Fifth course was Venison over white polenta and I really didn't want to share but I did.  Dessert was a strawberry filled with homemade strawberry sorbet with some raspberry mini bombes.  

Hubby and I always try and figure out who "won" with most best dishes served.  He had Grouper when I had the Fluke and the Grouper was amazing.  He also had a lamb dish when I had the venison - and I can tell you if you get the lamb dish, your whole table will be jealous. Hubby thinks he won, but I'm not sure about that.  Also, our friends had different dishes that they each loved as much as Hubby and I loved ours.

The wines paired with each meal were perfect with what we were having.  Also, more importantly, we were never rushed in our courses - even once.  They allowed as much time as we wanted to enjoy everything and each other.  Nice.  Another factoid - Chef Josh (owner and executive chef) tries to buy as much local as he can.  Much of the vegetables, meat, wine and even the coffee are found locally and he supports the area while cranking out some amazing food.  

Oh, and he's like the nicest guy around.  As we left, he talked to us for a good 20 minutes.

Plan on spending $50 per person for a 5 course meal (excluding wine pairing or any adult beverages) which is truly a good deal when you see how much you get here.  You spend easily that much at many ho-hum cookie cutter steak places - and you won't get the experience that will have you telling your friends about it for weeks.

We're going back as soon as possible - this is on our permanent Favorites list!
This one might be worth six stars. I visited Posh with my wife, sister and brother-in-law, and we were excited for a unique dining experience. We weren't disappointed and it still comes up from time to time... months after our visit. 

Do yourself a favor and sit at the bar so you can watch the chefs work. If you're open-minded about what you'll eat, put yourself in the chefs' hands and enjoy the ride. They're super friendly and engaging, so feel free to ask questions, too. Here's what we had on our visit (I'll upload photos too):

Roasted red pepper soup
Arugula salad with cherry
Arugula salad with pea tendrils, pickled red onions, & goat cheese
Avocado, blood orange, chocolate, and hazelnut shavings.

Monkfish with miso-glazed dichon.
Seared skate with sea beans & rhubarb sauce
Frog legs Parmesan encrusted.

Braised veal cheek with fingerling potato, celery leaf salad & mustard sauce
Shrimp chorizo with spring veg mix & avocado purée
Hamachi over peas, fava beans, & yellow broth
Seared scallops, spicy tomato, & heads of roasted garlic

Venison flank steak with Okinawan yams, mushrooms & Szechuan sauce
Lamb loin seared over basmati rice with eggplant & olive
Wild boar bacon seared with duck fat, pea purée gnocchi, citrus/honey sauce
Duck carbonara

Cubes of Kobe beef over red spinach leaf with shrimp demi glacé.

Buttermilk panna cotta topped with strawberries, lavender honey, & sugar strands. Milk chocolate layered with panna cotta and white chocolate. Dark chocolate truffle.

Meyer lemon curd lollipops.

Assorted cookies.
Had the 6 course meal. Interesting concept. No menu, just a list of what you DON'T want. Everything else is open season.

The concept is great but I was hoping for more of an Iron Chef experience. I came away feeling that they really only make a few dishes each night and you're going to get one of those regardless of how "adventurous" you are on the list. Example, GF said she didn't like soft cheese (i know.. insane right?), guess what her first course had on it?

I'm new in town and was happy to see the creativity. But the execution could have been better.

Wine pairings were great. Meal was about $200 before tip for 6 courses for 2 people with one wine pairing.
Improvisational cuisine seems to be a new concept in town.  One that is bold, exciting, and dangerous.

What I thought I was in for:  I tell the chef what I like, and he or she makes it.  I began to ask myelf before being seated if I wanted Thom Ka Gai soup, chilean sea bass, or some kind of pasta.  Well, I was completely off on the whole process.

This is what you are in for:  Once seated, you will receive a menu that is similar to a sushi menu.  You mark your likes and dislikes from a basic list.  You are providing "just enough information" about your own preferences and restrictions for the chef to design your meals.  You can order anywhere from four courses to seven courses.  For an additioal fee, you can add a wine pairing to each course which I highly recommend.

Things to note: Portions are extremely small, so order all seven courses as this does include soup, salad, and dessert.  My party and I ordered five, thinking it would be more than enough, and it barely satisfied our food cravings. Perhaps we were there on an off night, but we were at the restaurant for a good two and a half hours.  Despite the small size of the courses, we seemed to wait for thirty minutes between each course.  Know what everything is that you check on the list.  My friends checked the sea urchin because it had a cool-sounding name.  What they got was this pink stuff that looked like toothpaste, and tasted like sea water.

So, on to the improvisational menu.  Your first selection will be how many courses you would like, and if you wish them to be paired with wine.  I suggest the full tasting menu, which will set you back $110, but you will likely have eight or nine courses to sample.  If pairing with wine, the cost is $165.  The bare minimum is four courses at $45, but it will only make you hungry.

Sample items for you to cross off or check: chilean sea bass, quail, kobe, venison, kangaroo, frog legs, foie gras.  Along with selecting meat and fish temperatures, there is a small space for one to write their allergies and dislikes.  I took up most of the menu's space by sharing all of the things I love, along with all of those that I don't.  I hardly think it mattered, however.

Largest disappointment you will have: you mark eight items that you like on the menu, you order a four course meal and you get four of the items you like the least.  So, again, order big.

Greatest attraction: It's a surprise.  You don't know what you are getting, how it will taste, or what to expect.  This is a foodie's dream, or nightmare...?  If taking someone here on a first date, make sure they are open to trying something very new, and know the meaning of the word "culinary adventure."

Below is a taste of my five courses at Posh:
Frog leg on a roasted tomato with fennel sauce, paired with a Greek Boutari Kretikos, Volans blend, 2008.  (A few frog legs, excellent taste!)

Baby octopus salad with fingerling potatoes and lettuce paired with Olegario Albarino, rias baixas, 2006 (Great pairing)

Royal Tokaji Co., Tokaji Aszu, 5 puttonyos, 2005 Hungarian dessert wine paired with Foie Gras broulet served with strawberry and raspberry and a citrus sauce. (Another great pairing, but foie gras broulet style is something I never want to eat again.  I don't want my goose liver pate to be sweet.)

Quady Elysium Red Muscat Dessert Winepaired with chocolate pate with olive oil and sea salt (Amazing, likely our favorite item amongst the courses)

I cannot give this place five stars, due to our long wait time, and the very small size of the portions versus the price.  However, I hope to return someday soon and try the full tasting menu.
We had a superb meal last night at a fairly new Scottsdale restaurant. The restaurant is POSH and chef/owner is Joshua Hebert. Interesting concept - he call's it Improvisational Cuisine. They give you a list of the main course ingredients - meats, poultry, and fish - they're working with that night and you choose the ones you don't want. Also choose how you like your meat done (from Rare to Well done), likewise for fish, indicate if raw meat is OK, likewise for fish, and write down any general dislikes or allergies, and choose anywhere from a 5-7 course dinner. They vary portion size so that regardless of number of courses ordered you get approximately the same amount of food. Either with or without wine pairings. Each person gets a different meal, though some get an identical course. We all got the same cheese plate before desert. We also all got the same appetizer. The courses are very small but absolutely first rate. The one that blew me away was the panna cotta of sea urchin (uni) as an appetizer. It was spectacular. All three of us ordered the seven course meal and of the twenty-one plates we received sixteen were different from each other. Three of the twenty-one could have been better: the cream of rutabaga and fennel soup wasn't hot, but tasted wonderful; the braised pork belly was, in my opinion, a little too salty; and the half of a quail stuffed with sausage was slightly over cooked, but overall they really pulled it off.The wine pairings were perfect throughout. Cost for seven course without wines is $75, $135 with the seven flights of wine.
We went here for valentine's day dinner and had the 5 course meal, i am vegan so I thought yay improvisitional seitan, tofu,faux meat etc. I was so disappointed the food was bland, I got salad,soba noodles with 3 little mushrooms and other forgettable food.All and all I can cook more complex with bold flavors than their chefs, for $55 per person for the 5 course meal it is not worth it.We won't be coming back here.
First, there's a $10 discount on the entire fixed menu during happy hour, which (I believe) runs from 3-6.  If Posh is usually a little out of your budget, this can be a life-saver, especially if you're going for the 4-course.  It kept our bill under $100.

Book a seat at the chef's table.  We both loved watching all the different dishes being prepared and being able to ask about the ingredients and dishes.  The chefs were more than willing to answer questions, and would sometimes check in about our preferences about ingredients before prepping our next course.

If you have a particular food fetish, tell someone!  I happen to adore truffle oil, so I let our server know, and wrote it in the "other things we should know" section - and they specially prepared me a dish with truffle oil.  Which inevitably led to a foodgasm, and a foodgasm always leads to an extra star.

Another star for comping us the foie gras course, after I saw how beautiful/delicious it was, and wished (out loud) that I'd just dropped the $15 to the chef - he was such a sneaky charmer about it, too, and the server was practically beaming when I gushed over how delicious the dish was.  It was awesome to see everyone taking such pride in pleasing my palate.

Everything was perfectly executed, and completely delicious.  If I were rich, I would come here once a week.  

As it is, I just have to satisfy myself with waking up in the middle of the night, imagining the perfect interplay of the smooth, creamy foie gras with the spun sugar and berries.

(also, the post-dinner cookies and lollies are also amazing)
Visited Posh on a Friday night. Unfortunately, my date did not want to sit at the bar :/ I really wish we had, I would have enjoyed it. The tables were spaced a little close together, but what I really wanted to see was the action in the kitchen. 

I got the 4 course dinner with the wine pairing. The endive salad with pickled grapes, smoked almonds, and spicy blue cheese in a white wine vinaigrette was good, although perhaps a bit too bitter for my tastes. 

The next course was pretty goddamn awful. It was shrimp chorizo with spinach and soft polenta in a (I think) a red pepper broth. The shrimp chorizo was awful. I pawned as much of it as I could off on my date and sent half it back to the kitchen. It was NASTY, in my personal opinion. Next time I'm nixing chorizo on my posh questionnaire, heh! On the bright side, the polenta was tasty and I killed it. 

The next one hit it out of the park... duck confit . It was fantastic! I really can't say enough, it was my favorite course by FAR.

Dessert course was Posh's "take" on candy bars... I had a little snickers, kit-kat (tasted more like a milky way) and almond joy-mounds. They were adorable and delicious, and really really rich... shouldn't have ate 'em all :) 

A note about the wine pairing. I was not really that impressed with the pairings, but maybe I'm not that knowledgeable... all that I know is, a good pairing brings out the flavors in the wine, and the flavors in the dish, right? I wasn't really feeling that at all. Nonetheless, the wines chosen were good wines and I enjoyed each one, particularly the last one, a Black Moscat. The server kindly wrote it down for me, I intend to try to find it.

The service was fantastic, attentive and non-intrusive. Pacing was also great. 

Overall, despite my truly awful shrimp chorizo, I really am looking forward to returning to Posh!! This place likely deserves more than my paltry 3 star rating and I'd like to give it to them.
Ate there once, there were three of us, to sum up - ' hype is far greater than substance.' 

Ordered the 7 course wine pairing meal and signature item; foie gras - took one bite, it was terribly salty, and split into 4 -5 pieces as it was cut, we send it back and the chef agreed this is not how it is supposed to be. It could have been spam for all I know. 

Except for a roast beef piece and dessert , there was not a dish that was worthy. To give full disclosure the chef discounted the bill by 10% and we got extra desert wine & cheese course to make up for the foie gras disgrace. 

The head chef stands outside the kitchen, all the cooking is done by others; improvisational cuisine in our case really meant 'at the mercy' of the sous chef. They seem phobic about flavoring food with any subtle spice - perhaps that reflects local Scottsdale tastes. 

Many of the reviewers seemed to know each other, seemed to want to mention the chef's name as if they were given a privilege of meeting and this should have been a tip off regarding accuracy. The food by itself is not worthy.
I was indeed intrigued by the idea of Posh Improvisational Cuisine... and although I'd been wanting to try it for awhile, I waited for a special occasion to do so.  I finally made it to Posh last week for Jared's birthday!  (And yes, I selfishly chose the restaurant since I wanted to try it!)

It was me, Jared, our friend Larry G who was visiting from Jersey, and my brother met us a bit later... we took both Joel L's recommendation and that of "Josh from Posh," who called back to confirm our reservation, and we sat at the bar.  

The experience was more than just a meal... it was foodie heaven, entertainment, and like nothing we'd ever experienced before!  We were there for several hours and the time flew by... in that time, we laughed a lot, got to know the extremely attentive staff, ate our fair share of 7+ courses each, and drank some of us drank a glass of wine to go with each course...

I started taking notes of the courses as they came out, but Jonathan, one of our servers, insisted that they could email me a description of what I ate after the fact instead, so I took him up on it!  Here it is:

Amuse Bouche:  cucumber caviar with pickled grape, (everyone had this)

1st:  Belgian endive, blood orange vinaigrette, goat cheese and candied pine nuts

2nd:  Shrimp chorizo, kimchee broth, baby bok choy and shaved fennel

3rd:  Atlantic fluke, sesame oyster aioli, roated fingerling potatoes and mustard greens

4th:  Foie gras torchon brulee, fig consomme, spun sugar and duck cracklings

5th:  Sonoma duck breast, soy ponzu gelee, oyster mushrooms and carrot coulis

6th: Roasted venison loin, ginger cucumber salsa, pommes anna and carmelized shallots

7th:  trio of cheeses, Tomme de savoie, robiola, humbotl fog(everyone had this) 

Yes, I ate all of the above in one sitting and then some!  I also tasted several of the other courses that my dining companions had including Jared's 2nd course of Black Cod and his 5th course of Braised short rib... not to mention the various desserts we all shared (Buttermilk panne cotta with fresh fruit, Trio of homemade candy bars, and Honey and Mascarpone tart with ancho chocolate ganache).  They even provided us with little goodie bags of sweet treats for the road.

Everything was expertly prepared.  I didn't take a bite of anything I didn't like... even the foie gras was surprisingly tasty although I only took a small bite.  Don't hate me for that, please!

We were all beyond impressed with our experience at Posh and although it was a splurge, it was totally worth it for a special occasion.  We'll be back!
My hubby and I had our second visit to POSH last evening. We knew what to expect and were just as thrilled as the first visit. We were a bit smarter on our choices, allowing the chef's more flexibility since we learned the first time to stay away from the "tried and true" and let them go. It was awesome. We came early so as to avoid the long waits in our reviews and our dinner was a nice 2 hour pace. Just perfect. Our server, CJ, was friendly, attentive, very well informed (which is important at POSH given the some unusual proteins- particularly some of the fish.) I am allergic to tuna and he quickly identified any fish in the tuna family. We both did the 5 course and opted for our own wine choice instead of the tasting menu. We began with a lychee amuse buche with bee pollen. Sweet and a perfect apertif. I then had a lovely salad with diced radish and a mustard vinagrette. Light and lovely for me. Hubby had a very interesting artichoke heart salad w/cucumber balls, reminiscent of salmon roe. Next up was a lovely crispy red snapper served on a cauliflower puree w/turnips. I could have licked the bowl. He had a monkfish liver that looked interesting. Then our favorite, the veal sweetbreads. They are hard to find in town and these were perfection. We had them last time but this was an entirely different preparation and it was divine. My final protein was the best. If I were on the Food Network Show, "The best thing I ever ate," well, this is it. Chef Josh prepared a duck roulade w/spinach, ramps and a phyllo dough. I have never tasted anything better and I almost forked my husband for stealing one! :) Hubby finished with an elk dish.  We finished w/ a cheese plate as we are not sweet eaters and it was very nice.The entire experience was fabulous. Chef Josh is charming and friendly and very customer focused. We LOVED IT.
Went with a girlfriend, hoping for a food adventure. What we got was all right, but a bit disappointing for the price.

We sat at the bar and had virtually no interaction with the kitchen staff whatsoever until the dessert course, when the chef came out and discovered neither of us were eager for anything chocolate. He directed someone to abort mission. Later, I wished I had received the chocolate -- my carrot cake was bland and dry.

The rest of my courses were really good, but not terribly inventive. Salad with pears and Pecorino; fish with an Asian sauce, peas and carrots; short ribs in a wine sauce. All delightful, but nothing to write home about.

My friend, though, had a couple of solid clunkers, including monkfish liver, that, yes, was as bad as it sounds. Worse, actually. You think you like fish? You think you like liver? Avoid fish liver, unless you are one of the strange ones that actually likes that nasty taste that sometimes arises after downing a cheap Omega-3 capsule. And I had velvety sweetbreads at Gary Danko a while back that I still dream about, but the sweetbreads here were chalky and funky-tasting.

However, the wine pairings were done well, the service was fine, and it was fun to watch the goings-on in the kitchen.
Nutshell? The most impressive meal I've had in Phoenix since moving to AZ in November. 

Discovered randomly by searching for "cool restaurants Phoenix" on google. Took all of a minute on their website to know this was my kind of place.

If you don't know already, Posh's twist is "improvisational cuisine". There is no menu. Instead you get a short questionnaire/checklist to fill out. What do you like, not like, red meat yes or no, will you eat fois gras, and any flavors or foods you especially like. Then you choose what number of courses you want and whether or not a wine pairing should be added. From there it's all up to the Kitchen. They build off you information with what they've brought in that day and what the chef comes up with creatively. 

For my friend and I we each chose a five course tasting with wine pairing. The plates are Tapas size so there really isn't any need to go beyond five courses and four for us in that moment would have left us wanting.

The fun began with a Lychee nut & bee pollen amuse bouche. Equally tasty and unusual. We then got a lovely glass of champagne with our first plate, which for me was a salad-esque number with ribbons of avocado. From then on the evening became a sort of sensory decadent blur of grape 'n' grub. EVERYTHING was uniformly delicious and artfully presented. Highlights included the a for mentioned fois gras (As good as I had in Paris a few years back), Monk fish in ponzu sause, Fluke, and a medallions of duck that was so good I smiled through every bite. The wines were all unknown to me and a mix of domestic and foreign. All were enjoyed and downed to the last drop.

Throughout the proceedings the waitstaff were a note perfect blend of personal and professional. I got the feeling they enjoyed working there as the resto seems to cultivate a very user-friendly smart casual environment that came off as upscale/trendy and neighborhoody/comfortable at the same time. We also got to talk with the head chef a fair amount. He gabbed about how they source their ingredients, especially the fish, and Sedona, from where he came and near where I live.

The evening finished with an ice wine and tart that summed up the entire experience for me. YUM.

Notes: Parking is free, plentiful and close in a garage beneath the resto that you enter around the corner to the south of the main entrance. There is also valet parking, though the night I was there no one seemed to be staffing kiosk. I would recommend reservations though we were one of just five parties being served in a space that can handle quadruple that easily on an Early June Wednesday. 

I get the feeling this place is on the adventurous side for Phoenix so they need more word-of-mouth among the kind of folks who like innovative upscale eats. Finally, Posh is not cheap. the five course + wine pairing and dessert ran to $240 with tip for two diners. 

If all the above intrigues you, I would strongly recommend you try Posh. I move to AZ from Los Angeles and ate at some of that City's best/most interesting restaurants including Gordon Ramsey, The Bazaar and A.O.C.. Posh would fit right into and line up and be overrun with customers. 

PHX is lucky indeed to have a place this interesting and tasty.

I can't wait to go back!
if i have paid for this meal, i'd be pissed, period!

but since i was among work colleagues, i faked my smile, i toasted my glass, i ate my meal in small bites, and filed just a little tiny complaint to our waitress at the end of my meal. 

Me: "I understand you are a improvisational cuisine restaurant, so you pretty mudh dictate what is being offered to my 4-course meal. yes?"

Waitress with smile: "Yes"

Me - afraid my colleagues might hear my complaint and judge me as hard-to-please bitch - wispered in my best manner:  "not that i am complaining, but i clearly indicated on my direction list no veggies.  Can you please explain to me why i started up my meal with a salad and ended it with a carrot cake?"

Waitress still in smiles:  "I am sorry, we should have paid more attention to it.  Here is some chocolate."

suuuuuuure..  

and that frigging chocolate bar is something to compensate for my goddamn 4-course $100 bucks meal??!  I have had Salad! some Veggie mixed crap, more veggie mixed beef, and at the end, CARROT cake!  you gotta be effing kidding me!!

and let me tell you, that foie gras tasted GAMY!  GAMY!!

I have decided, this is the perfect place to bring a much-hated-but-you-can't-say-no-date, storm out and stiff him with the check!
Posh is a great place, I love the concept of telling a trained Chef what you love and what you really want to try and having that Chef create something just for you. My Fiancée and I had wanted to try this restaurant for a very long time and on May 14th we finally did. 

Our waiter was awesome he was very attentive and knowledgeable in both wine and the food that was prepared.  The food was really great in taste and in presentation. The wine parings chosen for each course were perfect for what I was eating, I love good wine. My only bad note was maybe that it was a little over priced and the courses are very small so if you are really hungry get 7+ courses. This place would be perfect if it was a little more reasonable on the price. The food was great I tried things that I would have never thought of ordering, this was a true party in my mouth :) If you are a Foodie this is a must try.
I have never had a great "gimmick"  (and I use that word in the complimentary form) come together with service, atmosphere, and amazing tastes and smells so well. I can only highly  recommend the wine pairing. Our wine steward knows Josh's cooking as well as he knows his wines, his pours where bang on. 
Thanks Guys
Dear Posh,

I just woke up in a cold sweat, scratching my arm, I need a fix. I am having serious withdrawals after the smorgasbord the other night. I need duck liver and I need it now....seriously I have a problem and I need to go to Foie Anonymous.  

For best dinning experience (and for the best life experience too!) dont be so picky about what you have. I saw some posts where people were way too restrictive with their requests. (seriously Kat S.? no vegetables???) Stick with food allergies and things you absolutely HATE. If you hate an entire section of the food pyramid, Posh is not for you.
The cooking chemist and artist.  I was very excited to visit this concept restaurant that brings you a surprise every course.  I LOVED the excitement it added to the experience.  My husband is very picky and the couple we dined with are somewhat vegetarian and all left very happy with an aroused palate.  Some highlights included a kangaroo filet with two butter bubbles... they were liquid inside and glorified the dish when pierced.  Then, a pig adventure course that included pig ear ravioli, pig pate, and some other delicious pig something or other with an egg yolk on top.  I think Posh could easily move to a five star for me after another visit.  For the quality and exoticness of the food, I feel it is very well priced.  Service was amazing and Josh the owner is entertaining and welcoming.
The concept at Posh restaurant is "improvisational cuisine". I think of something improvised as being made up on the spot, done without preparation. What an exciting dining experience that would be, albeit fraught with danger for both the chef and the patrons. But don't go to Posh expecting that. The days menu is set long before you arrive and all you get to do is check off on a printed list what proteins you dislike so they won't be served to you. It's disconcerting to be asked to think about food you don't like at the beginning of a meal. Your other decision is how many courses you desire and if you want wine pairings: from $45 per person for 4 courses ($77 with wine) to $110/$165 for a full tasting, which is more than 7 courses.

     Our meal started off promisingly. We shared a nice cocktail called a Cosmonade ($9) made with Hangar 1 Citron, Chambord, and lemon. An amuse bouche of papaya sorbet with mint "caviar" was delicious (this tiny spoonful doesn't count as a course).  My first course was an heirloom tomato salad with haricot vert and a few shavings of cheese. With something this simple  the ingredients need to shine, and these did not - the tomato, while ripe, had little flavor, and there was so little cheese it's impact on the dish was negligible. Ken's vichyssoise with chive oil was pleasant enough. For me, the fish course was sea bream with bok choy. The fish skin had been blasted with a propane torch which rendered it beautifully crispy. The Asian-y sauce on the vegetable was pretty salty, a harbinger of things to come. Ken received shrimp (they were called some fancy name) served with gnocchi, baby garlic, and a blastingly peppery aioli. The shrimp had been way overcooked, rendering them rubbery and tasteless. 

     On to the meat course. Mine was venison served on farro (which is an Italian whole grain), with a rhubarb gastrique. First I took a bite of meat - it was flavorful but tough. Then the farro. I gasped and almost choked. It was that salty. The insipid gastrique was totally overpowered by the other elements of the dish. Ken was kind enough to swap plates with me, and his braised short rib (hardly a seasonal dish) was at least edible, though also oversalted. Interestingly enough it was served with fingerling potatoes, making this the third dish in a row served to Ken that contained potatoes (assuming that the gnocchi had been made with them). When our waitress, cooly professional throughout, asked if we enjoyed this course, we mentioned the salt issue and she said she would inform the kitchen.

     Finally, dessert. We were both given chocolate cake, cut into unattractive chunks. Mine topped with cubes of apricot, and Ken's with plum. Neither of these fruits complemented the cake, which contained a distractingly large amount of pepper. The drizzle of chocolate ganache was tasty. At this point we were seriously considering going to Crudo to have dessert since we needed a satisfying conclusion to the evening.
Just then our server brought us a complimentary cheese plate, an apology for the salty food. That turned out to be the high point of our experience (along with the amuse bouche). The cheese selection was excellent, and the buttery grilled bread outstanding.
But for $130 you'd expect more, wouldn't you?

     I strongly suggest that if you want a an exceptional "tasting" experience you should visit Crudo Cafe. You even get to choose the foods you like to eat, not those you don't.
From my perspective, this place is as good as it gets.  No menu here, although I'm sure they already know based on available ingredients what will be prepared for the evening.  Instead, you select what you don't or can't eat from a list and then are surprised by what comes out.  While this is somewhat foreign to a dining experience, we had fun with it, learning in the process that 2 ingredients we thought we didn't like were actually delicious given the preparation.

We both selected 5 courses (you select from 4-7 I believe) and it was plenty of food.  Servings are small but almost all of ours were delicious.  I had 2 fish dishes and enjoyed both, but the highlight was a deconstructed key lime pie for dessert.  

I'm not going to go on about ingredients in every dish and pretend to be the food critic I am not; rather, if you want a nice atmosphere, great service and outstanding food based on what you like and how you like things prepared, this place delivers.
i went to pos aug14th and had a 745 res. we were sat right away . my first thought was "its loud" and thought we were going to have a quiet meal the dress is casual  not dressy like we were informed by the person who picked up the phone ... we did select our amount of courses and the proteins we didnt like or want . such as ny steak veal sweetballs monk fish frog legs rabit kangaroo kinki tuna and some others the meal did take 3 hours for 4 courses and you can have wine pairings which will cost you for 4 courses it was 45 per person and went up to 7. you can add fragua for 15 on top of the course price and it takes the place of a course .the mgr did come over and apologize for a loud costumer and offered to compensate us in anyway. over all the meal was good but we wanted a more low key place
Tasting menu sort of place... sort of in the spirit of a Michael Mina (San Francisco) or Per Se (Manhattan). The cost is similar, but, not quite on par with either of the former too. Thought it's not really a fair comparison. 

That having been said however, it's quite good, improved on the spot for you and your table (and if it's not the impression is there that it is). While you do select the proteins (meats) you like and dislike, it seems to be used more as a guide to avoid items you will hate than specific direction to the preparation. Each member of our table received different dishes, despite similar choices. I personally think it's more fun to leave the list open and not know what your eating until after you have eaten it so you approach the food with no preconceived judgment. 

The wines were interesting.  Few if any of the servings were complex or terribly interesting to the nose.   It seemed initially we were on a path of places that aren't really known for good wines, however, interestingly enough the wines were fine, and it was one of the best pairings I've ever seen in which the interaction of the wine and the food was drastically well done and clearly apparent. Too often the wine is an aside to the menu and doesn't interact with it, even in a paired meal. Not the case here the pairing vastly improved both the wines and the food. That alone was worth the price of admission. 

In the photos, servings look smaller than what we experienced... also keep in mind there are up to 12 or 13 courses. If you order fewer courses the servings looked noticeably larger, more courses, smaller servings. We all were quite full from the rich food by the time we left. 

This place has huge potential for greatness if it keeps growing on a path of uncompromising quality and innovative servings that really accentuate the best in flavors of what is being served. 

We'll go back.
Warning: this place is not for picky eaters, but if you could have an open mind for just one night this is the place to go.  you are not able to chose what you want to eat instead they give you a number of courses and you can cross out what you really don't like or if you have allergies you can let them know and they wont serve it to you.  now a small amount of food will come out for each course but the food is amazing its actually so good that you shouldn't even know what it is so you cant judge it before you tried it.  we had halibut checks, kobe beef, monk fish, duck liver it was all amazing but its a improvisational restaurant the great thing is that the menu keeps changing so there is no limit to the possibilities that this restaurant can accomplish if you have a real passion food food this is not a place that you can skip.
For quite a while now I've driven past a residential building in Old Town Scottsdale, at the base of which is an unassuming red and white sign that reads "POSH Improvisational Cuisine."  After having asked several friends what this place was all about and gathering random bits of information about this mysterious restaurant that "has no menu," "is really expensive,' and my personal favorite "I have no freaking idea," I added it to my list of places I wanted to try out.

Recently I had the opportunity to meet several friends for dinner and POSH was the consensus restaurant choice, so to POSH I went!  Arriving First in my group is unusual for me but arrive first I did.  The "lobby" in POSH is well..POSH, with several comfy chairs and a view of what's going on in the restaurant.

After a few minutes my group arrived and we were shown to our preferred counter seats (the better to see Chef  Joshua Hebert create our dinner), brought cocktails and given the rundown on how things worked.  Presented with sushi style menus, we were instructed to strike through any proteins that we didn't like and note at the bottom any allergies or things we didn't prefer to eat. That was it, a menu would be created individually for each diner in the party by the Chef and his crew of culinary mad scientists.

I ordered the six course tasting menu sans wine pairing for $65, and wondered what gastronomical delights awaited.   My wait was not long as the amuse bouche arrived in short order.  After a few minutes our first course arrived,  potato viscosuisse with chive oil & arugula pesto, a surprisingly lite, chilled soup with a silky texture that begs to be consumed.

All conversation stopped as the members of my party hungrily consumed a variety of tailor made dishes and just as suddenly resumed amidst a chorus of "oooh's,' and "ahhh's," while we discussed the day's events and waited for the next course which in my case was an Heirloom yellow tomato sorbet, sweetened with a little bit of simple syrup, mint oil & tomato caviar garnish. I must say, I never knew tomatoes could taste so exquisite.  The flavor was bright, sweet and fresh with just a hint of acidity and was topped with tiny red tomato caviar which burst on the palate providing just the slightest bit of sourness.

On to the next course of Santa Barbara spot prawns served with a shrimp demi-glace, preserved lemon, capers & baby artichokes. Now I've eaten a lot of shrimp in my time and more than my fair share of prawns yet I've never had them cooked so perfectly.  The temperature was spot on making them succulent and moist , the rich and flavorful demi-glace tasted faintly of the ocean and combined with salty capers had me envisioning waves of flavor washing over my palate.

While awaiting the next course we discussed the different experiences each member of the group had had to this point. There was general agreement that there were flavors, textures and presentation elements that we hadn't had previously and all were eager to move on to the next course which was Fois gras.

I've always heard people waxing poetic about the virtues of foie gras and have generally been ambivalent but no more, the crunchy brulee' was the perfect textural compliment to soft, slightly sweet foie gras (the texture and flavor of which I'm STILL at a loss to adequately describe), served over a sweet coulis of papaya with tiny house pickled grapes and topped with a beautiful garnish of hand spun sugar.  I've thought about this dish many times over the last few days but the only thing I'm able to say is that you must try it!

My next course was lamb which I normally find improperly prepared leaving it with an unpleasant taste and texture but masterfully prepared here.  Served with broccoli, fingerling potatoes & a mustard dill sauce with Chile flakes.  Unfortunately, I wolfed it down so fast that I forgot to take pictures.  I will say that having lamb prepared in this way gives me cause to add it to my list of "likes!"

The next course happened to be duck, another protein that I typically dislike due to poor preparation which leaves it greasy with an unpleasant flavor.  Here the duck was bacon cured served with bok choy & apricot sake sauce. This dish was both visually appealing and absolutely delicious (I've said this about several of the night's items with good reason), it was perfectly prepared, tender enough to cut with a fork, with just the right amount of salty smokiness which went well when paired with the accompanying apricot sake sauce.

Following the duck was a surprise course of Scrapple (a Pennsylvania Dutch favorite), served with Fava beans and the Boar bacon that I've heard so much about. This crunchy on the outside, soft and creamy on the inside staple of the Pennsylvania working man was elevated by Chef  Joshua Hebert, to something extraordinary.  Topped with a crispy poached egg yolk, crunchy boar bacon bits and bright, fresh Fava beans, scrapple at POSH is one of my new favorite thing.
Walking into Posh, I felt a modern appeal.  Its decor screamed  classy and sophistication. What's interesting about the place is that there is no real menu.  You pick the ingredients you cannot eat, and the chef makes whatever his imagination takes him.  Of course, I wanted to see what the chef can create, so I wrote that I can eat anything and everything, including the fois gras.  The foie gras add-on for $15 is a must.

We opened with an amuse bouche:  a melon caviar
My first dish were legumes with a light vinaigrette sauce punctuated with edible rose petals.  It was a mediocre opening.  The next course was fantastic.  It was a braised octopus in a mushroom puree.  The saltiness was perfect.  It accentuated the natural flavor of the octopus exquisitely.  
The next course was a smoked bass in a soy-based sauce.  The fish had good texture.  But the overall taste was bland.  Up next was the most amazing dish of the entire meal: the fois gras.  I've had foie gras many times, but by far, this is the best I've ever had.  It was caramelized on both side which contracted to the heaviness of the foie gras.  It's paired with the melon caviar and a sweet and tangy dried plum jam which balanced the foie gras.  It was a definite must-have.
Up next, was the braised rabbit in a vegetable stock.  The rabbit was tender and flavorful.  An average dish. The fourth course was a bison medallion in a mushroom broth.  The meat was cooked medium rare.  I'm not a big fan of the bison because the meat is typically tougher, but the favoring and broth was good regardless.
The next course was a filet mignon medallion in a red wine reduction.  The meat was tender again.  All props to the chef.  All the meat was medium-rare as ordered.  The broth was not overpowering so you can enjoy the full flavor of the beef.  
Up next was a surprise.  Courtesy of the chef, a cheese sample.  Which I love love love!  And finally the last of our journey, the dessert.  :-(   What I had was every girl's dream: the splendid chocolate soufflé.  It was heaven on earth.  It was fluffy and the sweetness was just the right amount.  I could die right there. :-)

Overall, the dinner was very good.  Some of the dishes especially the foie gras was definitely worth revisiting.  I would highly recommend all those with a fat wallet to come and experience the uniqueness of Posh.
I think this is my favorite restaurant in the city. I love the innovative idea, the food and wine pairings are superb, and most of all that you don't have to choose what you want... you only tell them what you don't want... because you know what you don't want but sometimes it's hard to decide what you do.  Well, they do that part for you and all of your guests, and they bring different items for everyone at the table. It is a lovely, wonderful, delicious experience.
Being a fan of expensive and interesting cuisine, I have to say that this place is one of the few that in the food category get it right in Phoenix. The concept of the customized menu and course selection is pretty amazing and certainly something you should share with out of town guests, or a great date. The service was actually some of the best I've ever had in Arizona. 

On the downside, the decor is lacking and doesn't match the level of the food or service - a flaw in design for sure. (For a $115 meal, I expect more than cafe decor and a a stinky bathroom with exposed plumbing issues.)
This is a really interesting place in Scottsdale. My friend was "chef for a night,"  (she provided recipes, but the main chef still cooked) so I have not been on a regular night. However, the chef seemed really cool and the meal I had there was delicious! Everything was portioned just right, and the spices and oils were not too overwhelming but delicious enough. 

The waitress we had the night I went wasn't the friendliest. I would say that's a definite negative. Also the bathroom kind of stunk as well.
Super tasty!  Went there for a romantic dinner on New Year's Eve and walked away very satisfied.

Everything was cooked to perfection, from the monkfish to the foie gras to the duck leg confit...sooooo yummy!  The attention to detail was insanely awesome!  I rarely give reviews, let alone a glowing review, so this is definitely a place to try, and then try again and again.  I highly recommend doing the wine pairing with your meal.  With the exception of the taster course (amuse bouche - sp?), there is a glass of wine with each plate of food that is excellently matched to the food.  Also, our server was very knowledgable, attentive, and courteous.
In lieu of exchanging Christmas gifts, my friend and I decided to go out for a great meal. Someplace new and something we normally wouldn't have thought to try.
I remembered reading a review about Posh several months ago but I couldn't remember the name of the restaurant, where it was located...So a big thank you to Gabi M and Joel L. for setting me straight.
I enjoy going out to eat with my friends, but never have I felt truly excited to try a restaurant that I have never been to. I was so excited that I was actually worried that I was going to be let down.
I called yesterday to make reservations for today. I spoke with Josh (I'm not sure if it was Chef Joshua Herbert - owner) I knew from the minute he answered the phone that no matter what I thought about the food, the service was going to be out of this world.
So finally the time comes and we make our way to the restaurant. We are greeted at the door by Chef Joshua. He greeted us, showed us to our seats, came and talked to us during our meal and walked us out. Some might consider it a little touch, but it made us feel special.
Overall the service was out of this world amazing. Our drinks constantly being refilled, fresh silverware for each course...And, at each course, our server asked us how we enjoyed that selection. She did so in a way that made is seem like she was asking because she genuinely cared, not because she had to.
We each ordered the 6 course meal ($80/person), sans wine. My only restriction; no olives!
So here's what we had:
Me:
Amuse bouche - Champagne sorbet and cinnamon caviar 

Course 1: Butternut Squash soup with beet puree

Course 2: Ahi tuna sashimi with watermelon radish, blood oranges with red and black tobiko caviar

Course 3: Loup de Mer (a buttery rich, silky white fish), buttered leeks, fingerling potatoes with a black garlic and mustard sauce

Course 4: Pork Tenderloin with chayote squash and braised broccolini in a bacon broth

Course 5: Quail with Duck sausage stuffing, asparagus and creamy polenta.

Course 6: Lemon something with spun sugar, berries and a green tea puree.

My friend:
Amuse bouche - Champagne sorbet and cinnamon caviar 

Course 1: Frisee salad with green apple, spicy macadamia nuts, goat cheese and hibiscus sauce.

Course 2: Course 2: Ahi tuna sashimi with watermelon radish, blood oranges with red and black tobiko caviar (same as mine)

Course 3: Shrimp with ramen noodles, leeks and goma sauce

Course 4: Wild Boar Bacon, glazed parsnips, pecans, chives and cumin sauce

Course 5: Venison with mesquite shallots, spelt and sour cherry puree

Course 6: Ginger pecan tartlets with a cranberry puree.

Everything I had was great. I have no complaints about anything I ate.  The ahi sashimi and Pork tenderloin were probably my favorites. I only wish there was something a bit more exotic. 

My friend wasn't so lucky. She was very disappointed with the frisee salad. If you don't know what frisee is, its the lettuce you throw out when you open one of those prepacked salads from the grocery store. Also, her third course, she LOVED the shrimp (I thought they were slightly overcooked) but thought the noodles were ordinary at best.

With those few things aside, we both thoroughly enjoyed not just our meals but the overall experience.
We sat at the bar as recommended by Chef Joshua and Joel L. It was fascinating to watch and I was very impressed at how well everyone worked together as a team. I kind of missed the interaction with the cooks. I was expecting the type of interaction that I experienced at St. Francis but did not get it.

I think this restaurant is a great concept and very well executed. It is pricey ($220 for two, with tip and 1 cocktail each, no wine) and not something I can afford to comeback to regularly, but I sure wish I could!
This is hands down the best restaurant in Arizona!  The food is perfect!  This is a dining experience that no one should miss!
This place is amazing! 
We decided on the 7 course meal without the wine paring. 
We started with vodka martinis and I asked if they had blue cheese stuffed olives and the waitress said she would make some, fresh! 
The olives alone were amazing. The best blue cheese I have had in a long time. 
The courses were all fabulous. I think the wild boar bacon was one of my favorites. I also loved the red cabbage jelly and curry soup. The prawn dish was a little disappointing. The prawns were overcooked and chewy, but that is my only complaint. 
For dessert we requested something savory as we are not really into sweets. 
Wow, we made the right decision. They brought us a cheese plate with the best cheese I have ever had on it. There was a Humbolt Fog goat cheese and the star of the dish, Epoisse Du Borgogne. I have never tasted anything like it. The waitress wrote down the cheese names and told me where I could purchase it. 
I love it here. It is a wonderful experience. We spent 4 hours (we told them there was no rush) a lovely laid back dinner and drinks. 

Go, savor and fall in love!
Having lived in Chicago for 28 years I was hoping this would be something special.  The food was dull, we told the waiter we wanted certain things but wanted something with some flare.  We all got basically small amounts of boring food for a lot of money.  I could do btter by buying fish and meat at Costco and grilling them myself.
Possibly the most unique restaurant I've ever been to. This place is definitely for the open minded and willing to try new things.

I enjoyed everything I had. We had the 7 course meal. The portions are small, but by the end of the meal you're full enough. I think our portions are too large anyway in general. The homemade custard ice cream suckers were just delicious though!

Great ambience and concept. I've only been once, so I'll have to go again and see if it's equally good. The service was great and the chef was very friendly. As usual, customer service is key and is what earned this place 4 stars and not 3.
A wonderful date night at our favorite spot in town. We opted to sit at the long counter this time to watch the action. It was cool. The only issue is that the seats were a bit tight for Big Daddy to get really comfortable and we were pretty far from the action (my fault for calling at the last minute). I loved sitting there because I like the social aspects of a community spot and it was great fun. Food was exquisite as ever (menu to follow below). We both noticed that Chef Josh (always a charmer) is placing even more emphasis on front of the house interaction. EVERYONE LOVES THAT! It makes it fun and he is so informative that the food goes to another level. 
BIg Daddy and my menus combined:
Amuse bouche- passion frruite gren tea w/kiwi pudding (good, but sweet for us)
Celery root sout w/pumpkin seed oil- DIVINE
Cucmber, watermelon, red radis, goat cheese salad
Kumamoto Oyster- ponzu soy, chive 
Loup de mer w/eggplant mash- YUMMY
Foie Gras-BIG DADDY SAID IT IS THE BEST THING EVER. He was swooning and he doesn't ever swoon that much unless I cook! (ulterior motive, but that's another story :))
Kangaroo w/ creamy white polenta- Kangaroo was good- a bit firmer than we expected and the polenta complimented it beautifully.  A lovely protein course.
Veal sweet breads- zucchine noodls, shishito peppers and bacon consumme- LOVE THIS- We requested sweetbreads because we lust for them and these were delicious. Chef even gave us tips on how to make them at home (no small feat)
The Cheese Course- always prefer savory over sweet - Epoisses de Bourgogne, humbolt fog (hubby's fave) and robiola SUPERB!

The meal was absolutely wonderful. Experience was romantic, fun. No wonder they are always packed in this economy. LOVE IT!
If you consider yourself a foodie, you simply must add a visit to Posh to your gastronomic repertoire. And even if you're not a foodie but you are open to  adventure, Posh delivers a dining experience unlike any other in the Phoenix area.

The best advice I could give from my experience is go for eight courses. The minimum order is four, so my dining companion and I initially ordered six and as we arrived at the fifth course we opted to add two more. No regrets. Pricey? Yes. Worth it? Absolutely. 

Each course was like a microcosm- a nearly whole experience in just a few bites. And yes, the portions are small (in one case even laughably so), but this is food constructed to be savored, not shoveled.

Waxing poetic aside, Posh is really, really fun. I recommend sitting at the open kitchen so you can watch the preparation. The service was attentive and friendly without any intrusion. Our server was very knowledgeable, and in the one instance we were able to stump him, he brought the man himself, Joshua Herbert, over with the answer.

The ambiance is welcoming, if a bit industrial, and diners were dressed in all manner of frocks from polos and khakis to evening attire. 

With the ever-changing menu, there's little point in discussing specifics, but we enjoyed yummies like oysters, veal cheek, pork belly, wild boar, venison, skate, and fluke, all prepared beautifully. And if the sound of braised veal cheek sets your heart aflutter (in a good way) then close your browser already a book yourself a seat. 

Oh- and leave yourself some extra time to park; locating the underground garage proved to be a task beyond my navigational capacity and we had to call the host twice for directions.
Truly a different dining experience.  Imagine not knowing what you are going to eat.  All our dishes were very good. If you like foie gras, splurge for the $15 extra...worth it.
Always a great place!  The service really sets a standard! The food is like nothing else here in the valley.   Stop in next time you drive by!
Yum!!

I had a great meal at this place and loved their "no menu" concept!  You are given a list of meats and asked to cross off any you don't like, there is also a place to note another other dislikes/allergies/etc.  The boyfriend and I skipped all that and just wrote "vegetarian" in big letters at the bottom. 

We had some amazingly rich, flavorful food and interesting ingredients.  I very much appreciated that both of us were given different vegetarian dishes - that way, I could try EIGHT different courses (four for each).  I had the best potato soup of my life here.  And I've had a lot of potato soup in these 24 years.  

For the price, the portions do seem like your typical small, fancy food plates but I ended up being completely full at the end.  The cocktails were  very weak and it would probably be better bang for your buck to just order a glass of wine.    

Although I loved my meal here, I think this place would be more fun for meat eaters as they have some really interesting ones (kangaroo, quail, frog leg, exotic fish) on their menu.  You also probably get the most out of what you are paying, since the vegetarian option isn't any cheaper.
Awesome place and an amazing experience. I'd definitely recommend to anyone looking for a special date, or anyone looking to be adventurous. My girlfriend and I are both lacto ovo vegetarians who don't like mushrooms or olives, and yet even within those constraints they had very creative, very unique, and incredibly delicious courses for us to enjoy. 

I'm only leaving 4 stars instead of 5 because we left hungry after 6 courses...their website does say "We want you to leave sated, but try not to stuff anyone or make anyone sick with too much food." which I very much respect and appreciate, but the courses were just a little too small even with that in mind - both of us left still hungry enough that we snacked more as soon as we got home. Perhaps because we ordered vegetarian the courses were particularly not-that-filling, so your experience may differ. My advice is to go, just don't go starved :)
Just really uninteresting and bland. Yes, very VERY boring. Wish we gone elsewhere.
One of my top 10 meals *ever*!! 

Some how I forgot to write this review the night of. 
Probably because of the haze of gastronomic bliss I was floating in.

This meal was on Valentine's day, the 24th my wife and I have celebrated together. From the endive salad start to the white chocolate panna cotta finish - every dish was crafted with passion and precision.

The improvisational nature of the menu doesn't mean loss of control of your dinner. It means you get exactly the flavors you like delivered as a wonderful surprise dish. I was amazed that my wife and I (who have Very different palettes) each received dishes to delight us.

This is a MUST visit restaurant. If I could afford it, I'd be here once a week. It is a bit costly for a night out, but worth every penny.

The owner, chefs, kitchen brigade and service staff made this an amazing experience. My thanks to all of you.
A very interesting concept -- would be fun with a group. Fill out a questionnaire and wait to see what shows up. The food that does arrive is creative and well plated. The wine list could be more robust, but the selections are well chosen. The wine pairings are competent. The service is helpful and not intrusive. Hard to find, so come with a navigator. Postmodern dining.
Truly a special dining experience.  Spouse and I got to try each other's "tastes" for an interactive evening.  Our salad courses couldn't have been more different, but equally interesting and tasty.  Main courses as well.  I can't recommend any particular item because the menu is not set, but I can suggest trying the duck confit if they have it.
Bring a good attitude to the table and you will be rewarded with top flight food and service.  First time was so good we might go back tomorrow.
Save this place for a special occasion: anniversary, special birthday, to-impress date, Valentine's day...and go ALL out! Posh doesn't have a traditional menu; in fact, they don't have a menu at all. Come prepared with a desire for adventure and a unique experience. I ordered a 5-course dinner accompanied with wine, and that's what I recommend you do.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR EATING HERE:
1. Make a reservation
2. Come with a healthy appetite
3. Budget about $120 per person.
4. Take a look at their list of daily ingredients and cross off anything you know you won't like or have an allergy to.
5. Have an open mind, based on what you select (or cross out) the chief decides what to serve you (personally, this is part of the appeal. It gave me a chance to experience things that I might have otherwise not chosen.)
6. Savor every bite of cuisine and sip of wine.
A long long time ago I saw Chef Hebert featured on a local news show. His name caught my attention, as we (used to) share it, and the concept stuck with me. The thought of tiny pretty delicacies being presented to me by a pro without my input was very enticing. For at least a year I talked this place up to my then fiance. When we decided to post pone our honeymoon we decided that a no limits night at Posh would be a fun substitute. We were not wrong 
Even before we entered the restaurant service was wonderful. We were both unfamiliar with tasting menus, so I called and asked question about what would be best. The gentleman on the phone was incredibly helpful. We opted for the full tasting with wine parings, the early seating on a Friday night. 
We were the first ones in the place, which I loved. It was nice to see everyone setting up for the night, and watch as the tables filled. Our server was amazing. He took the time to explain every dish and every wine paring, as well as answer all of the questions we had. And his wine paring skills were definitely worth mentioning. My husband and I like wine, and we like food, and understand that the two can really compliment each other, but this guy showed us how intense their affect on one another can be. When he learned that we were newly weds he sent chef Hebert over, which was a nice treat. The chef was warm and friendly, and very talented. 
Everything was amazing. I had my first taste of froie gras, which I was nervous about, but really enjoyed. The spun sugar on top was a great touch, the sweetness was surprising. The kangaroo also stood out. It was so tender, really really great. My husband, who generally dislikes fish (even though he loves sushi, weirdo) and likes all of his proteins to be cooked to a crisp came out of his box for this experience and did not regret it for one second. He ate his kangaroo just the way the chef recommended it and loved every bite. From start to finish every bite was thoroughly enjoyed. This was a fabulous replacement honeymoon. We will be back!
I came here with a few friends for AZ restaurant week.  The place looked quite "posh" with the decor of a Hollywood night club.  We all ordered the 4 course meal (soup, fish, meat, and dessert).  The waitress gave us a list of items on a sheet of paper and told us to cross of things that we did not like.  In addition, we were given space to add additional feedback.  I crossed off things I knew that did not sound appetizing such as duck, barracuda, and sweetbread (cow testicles).  In addition, I mentioned that I wanted lean meats.  

The great part is that everything was a surprise. I ended up getting a tomato basil soup, halibut with spicy wild rice, kangaroo, and pecan pie.  I am going to Australia in a few months, and I got a flavor of kangaroo.  I have never tried a red meat since I don't eat beef.  I was kind of tepid on how it would taste, but it was flavorful and cooked medium well as I asked.  I was just hoping my stomach would not be jumping around like a kangaroo.

My only complaint is that they did not have some other meats such as chicken.  I know chicken is not an exotic or expensive meat, but it is always a good alternative in case people can not handle the exotic items.
My wife and I did the full tasting.  At the start we were a little worried because the dishes are small.  We got through the first few and had 5-10 minutes between each without any problem.  3 hours later we were begging for mercy as we were on our 15th course.  Everything was quite good, and we did not walk away hungry.  We sat at the counter and watched the food being prepared.  That was fun for a bit, but we were in front of the fish prep spot, so we saw the same dishes over and over.  The menu may be improvisational from night to night, but not from course to course.  If I had it to do over again, I think I would prefer a table for the comfort and intimacy.  My wife paired hers with the wine, and would not have been able to drive home.  She enjoyed all of them.  The chef took time to chat with most of the guests, and the atmosphere was very informal (not informal like jeans/t-shirt, just the mood).  We could ask the various chefs questions and that was unique.  Bill came to $400 without tip, so this isn't an everyday place.  We were celebrating a birthday, anniversary, and going away all at once, so it was worth it to us.
I really want to start this review with "I don't know where to begin". To make things easier on myself I will simply start at the beginning. I've been hearing about this place for months and am now wondering why I wasn't listening. 

We made reservations for 8:30 on a Saturday night and my one complaint will come out now... when we arrived the hostess had us seated at a small table in the corner. Insert infamous line from Dirty Dancing here in case you can't guess how I felt about that. The place was busy, but not packed and I asked the hostess if we could wait for seats at the long counter that surrounds the kitchen. (You really want to sit at the counter BTW).  She seemed a little put off by this and tried to dissuade us from waiting. I am not really sure why, because it wasn't like they were anywhere near closing and they do have a small bar. Really, what is a restaurant bar for if not to wait for your seats? I was insistent, because that corner could have ruined my evening - yes I am serious. 

So, two drinks at the bar later - we were shown to our seats in the center of the counter and brought menus. I am sure it has been explained somewhere along the Yelp-highway, but you cross off your individual paper menu anything you don't care for or have an allergy to and the chef does the rest of the work. I often use the process of elimination when I am overwhelmed by a restaurant menu, so this was perfect for me. The list of options isn't huge, but I chose to take off steak and shrimp. I have had all manner of preparation for steak and shrimp and this was a great opportunity to try something really different. 

I also love that you get a space at the bottom to write what you don't like. Beets touching my food could have been a game changer. Also, I don't personally care for chocolate. Letting them know these little details aids in tailoring your dinner and in preventing any disappointing or personally off-putting items from showing up on your plate. 

At our waiter's advice (he was terrific by the way and I wish I'd gotten his name, tall, glasses...) we went with a 5 course service, which he suggested based on how hungry we were. The brilliant thing about doing this with someone else who also likes to try new food is the ability to share and get to try twice as many fun food options. I was pretty excited to see frogs legs come out. My family is from Kentucky and while you can take the girl out of the woods... The highlights of our meal were definitely the sweetbreads and the kangaroo. The latter being a new one for me. It was surprisingly lean and did not at all taste like chicken. The flavor was nice, light and clean. Desserts were a chocolate crepe for my friend and this lovely little coconut Crème brûlée for me. We were both pleased. 

I was happy to learn that Posh has joined a growing group of Scottsdale restaurants offering lower cost (but high value) late night menus including drink specials. I am looking forward to visiting for that soon. Overall the whole experience was just really fun and enjoyable and I am ready to go back as soon as I find someone else willing to try kangaroo.
Definitely a place where the reputation precedes the actual experience.

It's like it's trying to be Binkley's, and it's not even in the same ballpark.

We were there on a THU night, and the place was dead.  Still, it seemed to take 30 minutes between courses.  Which is fine, if you have some bread or amuse bouche between.  Which you don't at Posh.  So, you eat your tasting portion in 4 minutes, then you sit there for another 26.  By the time the 3rd course came of our 5th course meal at hour one and a half, we were all tired, bored, and no longer hungry.  We ended up asking our last course to be wrapped, as we were that turned off.

What really disturbed me on the food, however, was the foie gras.  An extra $15 supplement - which is fine, as I think it's always worth it for great foie gras.  We were presented a plate with nice size piece of foie gras, in a fruit coulis, and what looked like a nice brulee crust on one side.  It looked amazing.  And was, if I stopped at eye appeal.  Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD.  I'm not talking room temp, I'm talking refrigerator cold.  If you are a foie gras fan, then you know this is like eating a square of lard.  It was impalitable.  Imagine being served a lump of shortening on a plate, because this is what cold foie gras tastes like.  

I like the surprise aspect of the courses, and I like the fact you can tell them what you like and don't like to start, but ultimately, I see now why it's best to know exactly what you're getting in advance.  

It took me about 10 minutes to figure out why the whole concept of Posh fails.  The dining experience starts when you're wowed by a menu, and sit in anticipation of what you've ordered.  When you have no expectations, it's hard to get excited.  By the time the plate is dropped and the server is telling you how your fluke is in a mascerated lima bean sauce with a marigold flower garnish and buttermilk glaze, you're not really into the ingredients, and just want to eat.  I had to ask my server to repeat every course I was served at least twice - lol.

Perhaps if I hadn't been spoiled by Binkley's, that has an expansive menu that changes daily, and you pick from 4-7 courses BUT you are given about 6-8 amuse bouche (and bread which is served French style with choices) between courses, I suppose I would have been more impressed with Posh.  But not by much...
I really really wanted to like this place.  The concept of improv cuisine was pretty cool, but not well executed.

The place was pretty packed when we arrived.  So packed that we were seated at least 30 min after our reservation.  We did, however, get free drinks to make up for it.  You can only choose how many tastings you wanted, so I went with 4.  The only standout was the wild boar bacon.  Some people at my table of 5 got the same item-as in, identical dish, for one or two courses.  There was also significant down time in between the courses.  The people who got wine pairings thought they were mostly OK.  The worst part is that we all were munching on tortilla chips after we got home, even the people who had more courses.  If it's going to be a +$50 multicourse meal, I better be full afterwards.

Some good things:
-Very accommodating menu.  You tell the kitchen what you don't want.  Friendly for picky eaters and probably vegetarians.
-Excellent service.  I would rate this place one star but felt the service added another star.

I still wouldn't go back.  They need to not have so much downtime in between courses and better food for their prices.
I wholeheartedly agree with the other Yelpers who have expressed their shock at the positive reviews that Posh has gotten.  While I can't say that anything I had was bad, it certainly wasn't outstanding, excellent, or even slightly worth the $250 that the experience cost my husband and I who are really very adventurous diners (please see my reviews of Razz and ShinBay if you doubt that statement). 

To begin with, the place was incredibly loud, actually to the point that we had to just about shout at each other to have any type of a conversation.  Once we crossed off the few items that we did not want included in our meal (this reverse sushi-style menu seemed bizarre at a place that bills itself as being improvisational and adventurous), it took a surprisingly long time for the kitchen to prepare the miniscule bites of food that we received with each of our 5+ courses.  We certainly weren't famished when we arrived, but were quite hungry by the time we left due to the lengthy duration of the meal and the time we'd been at the restaurant.  All totaled, the quantity of food that we each consumed would be about equivalent to what we would have had if we had each ordered a single maki roll at a sushi restaurant (I'm talking California or spicy tuna, not something fancy and fried here) and the meal cost over $250.  We left and went to another restaurant to actually eat dinner!!!  Despite the fact that it was such an expensive evening, at that point, it really was comical to think that anyone would actually return to such a place for another severely overpriced starvation meal.  I'm thinking this place may become the new dining hotspot with the supermodel "I only eat a piece of lettuce a day" crowd but they need not worry about trying to attract repeat business from those who are seeking a truly satisfying improvisational dining experience.
Posh is simply incredible.  Unique concept similar to chef's tasting without any knowledge of what you'll actually receive.  It's more a license for constant exploration of ingredients and influences, all in small portion giving anyone a wonderful variety of notions, textures, and flavors.

While it is a bit daunting compared to those more acquainted with traditional dining, it's well worth taking the plunge and embracing the experience.

Food quality is across the board extremely high, there are moderate exceptions in some courses however through the exceptional highs that are reached in some moments, it does not even seem worthy of consideration as a negative.  

I have personally dined here countless times and taken quite a number of people with me in tow.  From those that were very familiar with high end dining to those that really had not left the midwest, all seemed to agree it was amongst the best of their dining experiences.  

I recommend doing at least the 7 course selection as portions are small, plan on being there for at least a couple hours but not realizing it has been long at all.

I will continue to frequent this establishment.  The owner and staff are all delightful food passionate people, prepare to enjoy yourselves.
Am amazing dining experience! The dinner is centered around your food desires. The chef creates interesting dishes using a wide variety of ingredients. The waitress was very helpful with pairing wines. Overall this was a wonderful date night and I can't wait to go back again to try new dishes.
This restaurant is the BIGGEST JOKE ...... The portion sizes are extremely small and you will leave hungry. After spending $200.00 my husband and I had to go somewhere else to get something to eat. A gentlemen in the restroom even commented to my husband that he didn't get much to eat and was still hungry. Trust us, go somewhere else. Biggest disappointment of our dining experiences.
Posh. Wow Josh, you've got a gem here in Scottsdale. Talk about innovative and improvisational. 

On the slow nights, Josh (the owner) will be patrolling the dining room or tending the bar. It's nice to see the chef/owner making an appearance on the floor and interacting with the customers.

Here's the deal. As your server hands you a menu, you begin to check off general things such as temperature you'd like your meat cooked, allergies, and anything that you don't like. Then you choose how many courses you'd like, and the optional wine pairing. The rest is up to the kitchen. Whatever is in season, whatever sounds innovative, it's all up to the discretion of Josh and his staff as to what you will be eating that night.

One of the best things was when my fiancé and I went, we each got a different plate for each course. We had the 5 course meal, but tried each others so we ended up trying 10 different plates. How cool!

Sitting at the chef counter and watching the kitchen prepare your dish is one of our favorite things to do, which is why we elected to sit at the bar where we could watch our meal be created. It was also nice to run into local restaurateur/chef James Porter and his wife Wendy (Petite Maison, Big Earl's BBQ). 

The kitchen staff is keen on presentation and meticulously preparing each plate, and it stands out. The food was cooked perfectly, looked incredible, and tasted amazing. We got to try some interesting dishes, along with some staples. I had a soft shell crab with a chipotle aioli and butter lettuce that was to do die for.  The alligator was great. And I think the most intriguing dish we had was monkfish liver. It was savory, but not too fish-y. Loved it.

Thanks to Josh for sending a couple extra tastes to the bar. Taylor and I enjoyed every bite. It was nearly too much food for us!

Posh also has a great bar menu with twists on some classic cocktails along with an extensive wine list. Be sure to check out their Late Night specials that start at 10pm on Wednesdays, it's a less expensive way to experience Posh.

Not an everyday restaurant, but definitely worth the splurge every once in a while for a special occasion.
Really wanted this to be good.....very dissatisfied.  Fish was dry, food was, in general not to the caliber I would have wanted from what they are representing.  Service was fair.  Good idea but for us, a miss.
Great concept, interesting food, chef was not in on a Saturday night??? a few of the courses seemed to suffer from imagination(despite putting few limitations on my "menu"), i.e. had standard raw ahi tuna dish prepared like many other places. The kangaroo was quite good and the soups were very good. once in a while place to go with a small group.
Never in the history of gastronomy has there been a more clean-cut love-it-or-hate-it dining concept as POSH Improvisational Cuisine. I was literally dragged here by friends who had enough credit left on their cards and who wanted to show me how "out there" Scottsdale could be. 

POSH is different. Really different. You don't order. You check off a long list of things you like and don't and they concoct something on the fly for you. You'll never know what you are about to be served or what it will cost but you can assume it will be strange and so expensive that you will be able to watch your FICO score drop.

This is a place that is trying to be the snootiest restaurant ever while pretending to be a relaxed, friendly environment. I did see some normal people but I saw a lot of the types one sees in North Scottsdale and San Marcos, Ca. You know the type. Those out to impress - mostly themselves by being different. Really different. 

If art is what you like instead of food, this is the place to be. It is all about presentation and dulcet tones describing what has just been put in front of you. It really is a beautiful presentation, but I have no freakin' idea what it was even after asking for the explanation to be translated "into a language". Descriptions are a lot like a real estate brochure: "Spacious, upscale, beautiful, wonderful, elegant" without any hint of substance. It tasted like tuna that had been marinated in a puddle and hit with some soy sauce. The teepee of veggies that hovered above it was interesting. I didn't know whether to eat it or wrap a tortilla around it and re-enact the night before the battle at the Little Bighorn in miniature. 

I just don't get or like the concept so perhaps I am being unfair to this hole in the wall on Scottsdale Road in a building that looks like a bombed out munitions factory from Dresden, Germany, circa 1944. People live in that place? It reminded me of Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange". Yeah, big bucks to live above the store. I get it. It's Scottsdale and this is "trendy". Do a foreclosure and resale search of that zip code and you'll see that at least seventy percent of the building is up for sale, often with notations such as "Fully furnished" and "Motivated seller". I bet they're motivated. It all fits with the wannabe nature of POSH and the people it seeks to inculcate.  

POSH is a restaurant where only the truly adventurous need apply after checking their credit worthiness. It's a niche restaurant and I'm clearly (and happily) not in that niche. For a totally unique and almost otherworldly dining experience, this is the place. They have NO competition in this area. They are without peer when it comes to originality and invention on a scale beyond comprehension. This is the area where POSH shines. If AZ88 is your thing, this is AZ88 on a combo of crack and meth. I did not care for this place but I am sure the feeling is mutual. While I feel the food merits one star based on goofiness and price, I'm giving POSH two stars just for having the cojones to push out this concept on Scottsdale and not to crack a smile when delivering the check.
Amazing food, Brilliant concept ! You get a list of items and you pick which one you DON'T like/ want and they will improvise and cook for you according. It is such a fun way to explore and try things. 
It is not cheap... but is definitely an experience worth trying :)
It has been a while since I went but I still want to add my only bad comment, after our 6 course tasting menu and a foie gras add on (totally worth it !) the two guys at the table came out still hungry... When you pay this much you don't want that to happen. But again, it has been a while.
Go try it and let me know what you think !
Took my hunny here for his birthday today.....welll.............

So I had reservations at 6:15pm....the restaurant is somewhat hidden beneath a huge apartment structure so we drove around twice to find the parking structure...which had no visual signs. After parking we were trying to find an exit from the parking structure and when we finally surfaced the creepy underground parking lot, we had to go through a maze in the Arizona heat around the apartments for about 5 minutes before reaching the restaurant at the opposite end of the parking structure. I was in a black dress and heels and boy was I sweating. Once I got in there I light-heartedly said to the host "Omg why is it so hard to find this place...I've been walking in a maze! Then he laughing said well it's good that you're here now and we'll quickly get you some ice water to cool u down and sat us down at a nice table. 

So this was our first time here but I already kinda know how it works since I've been to other restaurants with tasting menus...but for this one they give you this orange sheet with the price listing for the number of courses you want and any thing you don't like you can cross out or write down. There is a minimum of 4 course for $50, 5 for $60, 6 for $70 and 7 for $80 and then there's the full tasting for $140 and a supplement of $15 if you want one of dish to be Foie Gras. 

So my bf and I decided on 7 course and supplement a dish for foie gras. I don't  like alcohol but they had an option on their drink menu for non-alcoholic cocktails...so basically they would mix any cocktails without the alcohol so I thought that was pretty cool.

I started with a salad and my bf started with a soup..then the other dishes came out in between 15-20 minute intervals. I did not like the way they made the foie gras...because it had a sugar caramelized coat and was a bit too burnt..which to me ruin the foie gras. So I DO NOT recommend the $15 foie gras supplement. I also did not like the creme brulee dessert...it was too wet and I was not fond of the taste either. Other then that the other dishes was okay...it wasn't really mind-blowing. 

The service wasn't spectacular....for the price I paid I expect beyond great service but eh our waiter was okay...he came with our dishes, explained it and then walked away...came back after we were done, took our plates and walked away again...it was a slow night too....there were only about 5 other couples there..and we each had our own servers so I think they could have done a better job.

The bill came out to be around $273....my bf didn't even have wine..just two Blue Moon beers. Overall I'm not too thrill about this place...it's only been opened for like 2 years and 8 months. I didn't mind spending the money but I do expect to get what I paid for...in this case I do not feel I have...sooo would I come here again? mmmmm maybe not.  

FYI: Yelp says it's dressy and Opentable.com says it's causal elegant....Honestly it doesn't freakin really matter...my bf and I dressed up really nice...only to find that some other people were in regular polo shirts, jeans, shorts and filp-flops!! this really irritates me....at least try not to wear flip-flops at such an expensive restaurant! -_-" And I find this the case in many of the fine dining restaurants I've been to..-_-""""
Great concept and outstanding food.  Our service was fabulous.  My water glass was always filled and our waitress Katrina was extremely helpful.  Diners should go in with an open mind.  Each course is a surprise so if you don't like surprises you will probably be stressed out during dinner.  My wife is a picky eater and not overly adventurous and she absolutely loved it.    Enjoy!!!
This isn't a review of one restaurant, but two.  It just so happens that they occupy the exact same space, employ the same people, and have the same name.

I'd initially been wary of Posh - "Improvisational Cuisine" conjured images of people slapping "mystery meat" onto plastic cafeteria trays.  But a positive review on "Check Please Arizona" changed my mind, and we went for Restaurant Week.  

Everything was top-notch, from service to wine selections to the food (although I was upset I only got to TRY the kangaroo, as it was quite tasty).  Given the food allergies/likes/dislikes within our group, it was nice to see that everyone was fully considered and accounted for.  Five stars all around!  Not a single thing we didn't like!  An amazing restaurant and concept!  Other cries of jubilation and deliciousness!  In short, we decided that Posh was great, but a "special event" kind of place, given the non-RW prices and the fact that none of us are millionaires (yet).

We came back for my birthday (the specialest of all occasions), and sadly, it wasn't the Posh we went to the first time.  On three separate dishes, requests weren't met (and two of them related to health/allergy requests), service was sloppy, and some of the food just wasn't that good.  My soft shell crab was a little bland, and the frog's legs I got for my entree weren't too impressive.  Also, one of the appetizers was a salad, with lettuce, cheese, haricot vert and salami.  That was it.  I'm sure that the ingredients were top-notch, but it seemed a bit sparse compared to some of the other offerings at our table.  It was like someone had asked us what we liked about the place last time and marked down most of our positives as "things to get rid of next time they're in."  Dessert was good, though.

As much as I'd like to give Posh a top rating, I cannot do so with any real confidence.  If I go back (and I'd like to go back), I'll have to tread carefully.  I don't know which of the two restaurants I'll be visiting.
AMAZING! That is all I can say. I am a total foodie and love trying new and different things. The hub took me here for my birthday, and it was YUM! We sat at the counter and the owner came over several times to see if we were enjoying our meal. Everything was perfect!
I won't be going back to Posh.  

Based on some of the recent reviews here (August-September 2011), I'm almost wondering if the restaurant has switched management or something?  I went there tonight with a friend for dinner, and had a mediocre-at-best experience -- and that's not taking into consideration the injury at the end of the meal!  

While some people seem to have amazing foodie experiences here, we definitely did not have the same luck.  We ordered the 5-course menu and said we were up for anything.  Everything was....eh.  Throughout the night we had some interesting dishes:  kangaroo, sweetbreads (organ meat), snail, mussels, sashimi, duck, etc.  However the flavors were just okay:  most were relatively bland, and a couple of the sauces/dressings were even borderline unpleasant for me.  In general the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great and ditto for the service.  For what Posh charges, both should be exceptional.

The presentation is absolutely beautiful, and the ingredients are unique, but my conclusion is that this restaurant is more razzle dazzle than substance.  Because the quality of the dishes didn't live up to the hype or price, I felt like this was simply a novelty restaurant, hiding behind a gimmick rather than great food.

Note:  my review above is a fair conclusion based on the meal before dessert, and was not influenced by the story I'm about to share...

TIP/DANGER WATCHOUT:  we literally had an injury (seriously, involving bleeding from the mouth!) at our table at the end of the night!  Our server brought out the final cleanser, a popsicle-type sweet dessert.  It was frozen pretty hard, and as my friend went to taste it, it stuck to a large piece of her lip!!  It was horrific to watch as she tried to pull away but was stuck, just like the kid in the Christmas Story movie!  She finally got it off but was bleeding from where the popsicle stuck.  We immediately dropped the weapons/desserts and alerted our server, who laughed, briefly apologized and said they'd probably been "sitting out too long" and offered to make fresh ones but didn't offer anything else.  We talked with the manager (we also wanted to make sure, for safety reasons, that they properly disposed of my friend's bloody napkin) and he was horrified that the server didn't take care of us and he appropriately adjusted our bill and apologized about the incident as well as for our server not properly handling the situation.  We felt the manager made it right at the end of the meal, but it was a pretty sour way to conclude the evening.  Tip from me to you:  be careful with anything frozen here, and consider letting it thaw a bit before you taste.
me and the bf were totally stoked to finally try out Posh. We did have reservations and we only waited a few minutes after we arrived for our table. Atmosphere is very nice. Windows all the way around the restaurant and a very sleek and clean feel to the whole place. We didn't sit at the bar but we had a nice little cozy table to ourselves but still you can still see the kitchen from pretty much every area of the restaurant considering it's in the middle. 

The menu had everything from shrimp to NY strip to kangaroo. Nnooww I'm not totally into kangaroo but for those with adventurous taste buds will love the hell outta the menu checklist. So i removed everything i was not willing to try and any my meat temp preferences and then the kitchen will take it from there.

Everything we had was absolutely delicious!!! We had 8 plates in between the two of us and shared everything. We had everything from goat cheese salads to a fruit salad,,, shrimp and halibut appetizers. NY strip and a pork dish with delicious potatoes that resembled a pancake. Desserts were wonderful as well... 
 
I KNOW I'm horrible I cannot remember every dish and what is actually consisted of, but believe me when i say everything was terrific. So adventurous or not so adventurous I'm pretty sure it's safe to say you will still have a dinner that is made just for you that you will love. 

can't wait to go back!
Overpriced, Overhyped and underwhelmed! I was terribly disappointed with my experience. The food wasn't awful, but it was uninventive and one note.  I felt like they were trying too hard to be cute and trendy, rather than focusing the flavor and providing a balanced meal.  Also while I understand that a true improvisational cuisine is hard to accomplish with a restaurant that size,  it was pretty clear they had a set menu for the night and just rotated it between the tables. For example, I noted in my restrictions "Vegetarian, eat dairy LOVE cheese".  I was served no dairy what so ever.  By my third course I complained because so far my food had been mediocre, and round 3 tasted like a stew, everything was cooked in the same broth.  Not to mention I couldn't cut through the asparagus with my knife or my teeth! 

The server was great, when I complained she had them make me a new course, parmesan risotto. It was better, but not creative and definitely didn't have a "wow" factor.    She also brought us out a nice cheese plate on the house, which was by far the best part of the meal. Overall, I was very impressed with the service and completely underwhelmed by the food.    I have no problem paying $$$ for a stellar meal, but not for one that left me hungry and craving protein! We won't be back.
If you wake up one morning and ponder about where to go to get thymus gland, kangaroo, and/or quail then let me tell you my friend, Posh is your place!

I made reservations to sit at the counter and I would highly suggest doing the same. Interacting with the chefs and watching them cook and prepare each course is really neat and way better than any Iron Chef reality show. Service was fantastic, everyone was nice and my water glass was always full. We were given a starter consisting of a peanut sauce with ricotta cheese and a splash of coconut milk in a Japanese soup spoon. That was followed by Pumpkin soup that was good, but nothing off the charts. It reminded me of something I got from Trader Joe's. My date received raw ahi tuna with a pear gelatin that was delicious.  My next course was a full deep fried soft shell crab with mushrooms and noodles. HOLY CRAB, BATMAN....I have no words to describe the flavor party that occurred in mouth! I really wanted to take the crab out and take pictures with it, but I reminded myself that I am in a classy restaurant and that probably would have been frowned upon, but those would have been bomb-ass photos!

My date's next plate was sweetbread (yummy) that was served with a mustard sauce (that was okay) and cabbage. The next course was kangaroo with delicious sweet potato puree (no seriously, I wanted some more of that for my desert plate).  The kangaroos itself was fine, I'm not a big red meat eater and honestly couldn't tell the difference. My date said it taste "gamier" than beef (whatever that means). I specified that I didn't like raw meat so I'm wondering if maybe that would have made a difference. Anyhoo, my date received quail stuffed duck (or maybe it was the other way around, hmm) that had a lot of spiciness to it. In my opinion, too much spice as that was all my taste buds could focus on. For dessert I received  some sort of creme brulee gelatin type that was delicious while my date received chocolate mouse with a homemade chocolate graham cracker that was the best part of the plate. 
Our next treat was the plum/blueberry frozen lollipops that a previous Yelper had warned us all about and I'm not going to lie, I was a little hesitant to try it for fear my lip would be the next victim. However, I'm proud to report that they must have learned their lesson because my lips along with my date's lips are A-OK.  Along with the bill, the restaurant gave us 3 little cookies in a bag which helped soften the blow...clever Posh, clever! 

My date and I had a great experience and would recommend it to anyone looking for something new, but we are not sure if we would go back on a regular basis.
An adventurous joy. Posh was a sensory delight and left me wanting to return soon. 
I sat counter-top, and was able to watch the chefs prepare dishes throughout the evening. The wine list is adventurous and unique. The service polished and unobtrusive. The food was inventive and perfectly prepared. Everything about the evening was wonderful, from the moment we walked in the door to chatting with chef/owner Josh at the end of the meal. 
A perfect date night, or great place to take someone while looking to impress. I'll be back soon.
A truly amazing dining experience!  This was the most fun I have had at a restaurant in a long time because you truly didn't know what you were going to get...wine or food!  We told the chef a few things we didn't like and then they based what we would get off of that list.  We tried some very unique wines and food and truly enjoyed ourselves.  Where else can you get kangaroo for your main entree?  Totally amazing!  The service was impeccable...true professionals at what they do.  The decor was nice and lots of light due to the floor to ceiling windows.

You must check this place out!
I finally made it to Posh this past Thursday night for restaurant week. All I am doing right now is kicking myself for not coming here earlier. I really don't know what to add to a Posh review that has not been already stated. Definitely sit up at the counter and watch them cook. Such a better experience than sitting at the tables. 
Here are some of the items I had the pleasure of enjoying. 

Cantaloupe gelee 
Endive Salad 
Pumpkin Soup 
Foie Gras 
Shrimp with some type of tart that I couldn't tell what it was 
Duck Confit 
Kangaroo 
Chocolate Mouse 
Pistachio cheesecake (pretty sure non-bake) 

I will say this. This was my first time trying Foie Gras, and if I never had it again I would be OK with that. Everything else was perfect though, The concept, the vibe of Posh is amazing. Cheers to you Josh. I will be back!!!
My husband and I went to Posh last night for our anniversary. We both agree that it was the best meal we've ever eaten. I had Kangaroo as one of my meals which I can't believe but everything I had was just so delicious. We did the 4 courses which was plenty for us. We each ordered a drink. Our total was about $132 which is pricey but it was SO worth it. 

The concept is so much fun! I admit I was a little nervous going in but now I can't wait to go back. I plan to start making up "special occasions" so I have an excuse to return! You have no idea what you're going to eat when you go but you will not disappointed. Trust me. 

The atmosphere was another great part of our experience. There wasn't any music so it was quiet and we could hear each other to have a conversation. The service was outstanding- they're attentive but not constantly interrupting either. It's a nice place but some people were wearing jeans, others were dressed up... it's a great spot no matter the reason!

I highly recommend Post Improvisational Cuisine in Scottsdale.
I find my reaction to Posh similar to Will Ferrell's reaction to Jersey Boys in the criminally overlooked 2010 feature film "The Other Guys". It's not great, it's FANTASTIC. You guys totally undersold it! Wow, what a restaurant.

Actually, the basis for that comparison stems from feeling the need to assuage the fear that "I'll pay so much money and won't get enough food". I just bought tickets to see Jersey Boys in Vegas. You know how much the tickets cost? $76/each. More than a 5 courser at Posh PLUS a couple glasses of wine. Jersey boys was about two and a half hours. Five courses at Posh, if you're really enjoying yourself and your company, can easily take that long. The difference is that Jersey Boys does not feed you (well, it does, but in a different way). Point being, going to Posh isn't a meal, going to Posh is an experience. And, in my opinion, it's worth every penny.

I've been several times, including taking my Mom when she was in town from Cleveland, Ohio. Needless to say, she freaking loved it. Not that she's an inexperienced diner. She's from New York and considers Mario Batali a God among men, but according to her, dining at Posh was like being a judge on Top Chef. She didn't specify which judge but I'm going to go ahead and veto Padma because she is just unbearable. But I digress.

I've been exposed to foods at Posh that I wouldn't have had anywhere else. I don't want to screw up the proper dish descriptions so don't take this too literally but I've had chilled cucumber soup with a lime-chili oil, ahi tuna sashimi with wasabi and soy pearls, mother effin sweet breads (which everyone told me I should mark off but I didn't because I've never had them, and even though I might not necessarily ORDER them, I'm glad I tried them), and of course the creme brulee torched-style foie gras which is quite simply the most decadent thing I've ever eaten. And I've had bacon flavored ice cream. Again, I'm sure I'm butchering these courses but it's from my hazy wine memory and just trust me, they were all good.

While I think you would be fine with five courses (it's my typical order..since the first is always a soup or salad and the last is a dessert), more courses is always better. I mean, you're already there. Might as well give them as many opportunities as possible to blow your mind. Trust me, they will.

If you haven't gone, you should go. You won't regret it. Same goes for Jersey Boys, but that's a different review.
Loved it!
Was so excited before each course came out... WHAT WILL IT BE?!?!?!

I feel like non-adventurous eaters won't get there money's worth out of this place though... I mean really.  The fun of it is paying $$$ and maybe getting to eat kangaroo!  Or sweetbreads!  I LOVED IT~!
Oh my Posh!

The service here was really great, so that's always a good start. I enjoyed our food although both of our seafood dishes were slightly overcooked, and my fish was overseasoned. The sweetbreads and kangaroo were both very well cooked and flavored. The presentation was clean. 

I'd say the name is a little bit misleading as it's not really "improvisiational." To me, improv is just executing without prior thought. Based on what we ate, and what we observed being delivered to other guests, you can tell they had set dishes. 

I really enjoyed my dessert which was a piped pistachio cheesecake with puff pastry. 

I'd probably go back again for Restaurant Week since it's cheaper, but not sure if I'd go any other time.  It was real, it was fun, but it wasn't real fun.
If you enjoy trying foods you never have nor probably never will try again....this is your place!

I have been here twice and both times, I was awed. This is definitely a great chance to broaden your culinary horizons. The attention to detail is amazing with the dishes. Each ingredient complements the next so well. Amazing to say considering every dish is so far out there and made impromptu. 

Extremely friendly waiter who was very accommodating and very knowledgeable about the dishes (you'll need someone to explain to you exactly what you're looking at on your plate).

Some of the items I've had: fried frog legs, quail stuffed with chorrizo sausage, cinnamon caviar (I hate caviar and I thought this was delicious!)  and turtle stew to name a few. I recommend getting the 7 course meal as anything less hardly puts a dent in your appetite. Be prepared to spend some bucks and a helpful tip is to probably not go in there with a completely empty stomach because it's not the place you go to gorge.
I can't believe I haven't been here before! What a cool place, as everyone else has said, you basically cross off what you don't like and they make everyone at the table a different meal for each course. It was an excellent meal, and everyone had a great time! I would probably give it a 5 star rating, but I really didn't like the kangaroo I had for my main course.  I've had other gamey meat like ostrich, bison, etc.. but it was never tough, this was really tough meat. Started with the Cucumber Mint Refresher which was excellent!
Rather pricey.  They would do better if their food wasn't just bland.  Oh well, it was just ok.
Most creative and palate provoking restaurant we've been to in a long, long time. Fabulous!!
My fiancé and I saw this restaurant on TV and knew we had to visit while in Arizona! The food was truly remarkable!  We Loved the adventure of not knowing what was to come out next and got to try a few different items we normally would never order, like sweet breads and boar bacon!

Our server was Tim. He was very easy going, made small talk, had great customer service, and even took a photo with us as we left. Upon reflection we should have grab a photo of the chef as well, but it looked like he was pretty busy.

The ambiance was very chill. You have the option to either eat at a table or at the counter where you can watch them prepare your meal in front of you.

If you're planning on getting the wine pairing, I'd suggest getting the 5 or 6 course meal. The portions aren't nearly as small as other folk say they are and with the wine, you can get pretty full.  If you're not going with the wine pairings, opt for the 7 course or greater options. You'll have plenty of food!

All in all, we both agreed that we would come back!
Took my girlfriend on a date here Saturday evening and was very impressed by the results! As most reviewers have mentioned, you select the items on your list that you do not want and they improvise a meal for you based on that. The reviews about the price are very realistic as well: not cheap. Five courses between her and I, wine, and the tip totaled well over $200. However, I understand that a majority of the fee goes for the experience; besides, the food was great! The waiting staff was very knowledgeable about every dish they brought out and were very friendly and attentive to our needs. Someday when my bank account recovers I will hopefully get to come back here again! =)


Keep singing,

-Jerron
L loves this place, because it was one our places that we discovered together.  I remember her thinking the young waiter was cute, but not in a sexual way, because he looked so young. The place has great decor, and experimental food. A tad to trendy for scottsdale, even though scottsdale has wealthy people. L repeated with her sons on her own. So, if she takes her sons there on her own, it gets her stamp of approval.
Having eaten at some amazing restaurants in the valley and around the world we were excited to try the 7 course tasting menu at posh... However, everything from
 Service to food to drinks to pricing was a huge disappointment. Spending over $100 pp without drinks we expected to be wowed. Sadly we left hungry and irritated. Of all the nicer restaurants we dined In around Phoenix I.e. Mastros, sassi, roka, nobuo, ocean prime, etc.. This was by far the worst. Each Of the 7 portions came as a tiny bite leaving us underwhelmed and hungry. Food took Forever to come as did drinks. The servers were many but irritable and not very effective.. Overall of the 7 courses  not One left us satiated and pleasantly surprised. After a $300 meal we went out to eat and I was so annoyed I wanted to call the  owner and complain. Overrated, overpriced and completely Not worth it!!! Ps we do appreciate smaller, mOre meaningful entrees but a single scallop and a small forfull of fish should be considered a course when there is no main course.. The shrimp course consisted of 2 tiny shrimp In some purée and he server had no clue where they came from Or if they were wild or farm raised. Embarrassing !!
Fun, Fun, Fun! Underneath the Optima at Camelback. Hidden treasure serving unpredictably delicious and unique cuisine. Wine pair your food for a delicious boost of taste all while passing your dish to friends as you explore the combinations of spices and tastes. Dress to impress YOU because you are worth it and so is this meal!
We heard about this place during the 2010 AZ Resturant week. We wanted to go but didn't make it. Fast Forward to 2011 AZ Resturant week....we made it! after a year of thinking about this place and finally making it, we LOVED the experience. 
The food was amazing (minus Frois Gross which is just not for me). We will be back and are just waiting for the right time. It is a little pricey but the food, experience and service is worth it.
This restaurant came highly recommended as an adventurous experience. But in the end, I just felt like Posh was trying very hard to be clever without being innovative. 

First off, let me just say that the service was excellent and spot on. Our waitress knew just the right time to stop by our table and we felt very well taken care of.

The restaurant has a certain rotating menu already set and then tries to make it seem like it's made especially for you. They do try somewhat to fit into your likes/dislikes and dietary restrictions. They used a number of unusual game -- wild boar bacon, sweetbread, quail, frog legs -- but it seemed they used the novelty of the food rather than focusing on the prep of it. I mean, I've had all of those items (except the wild boar bacon). Give me something special. Well, they just didn't deliver. Don't get me wrong. The food was very good but it didn't blow me away in any respect.
One of my favorite places to go when I need something different. Being able to tell them what I don't want/can't have (such as gluten and soy), and then being surprised by really great dishes with foods paired in different and exciting ways is fantastic. There are not a lot of places you can try new things, like kangaroo, knowing that even if you don't really like it, it's still going to be palatable and beautifully prepared. The service has always been exceptional. The staff is very well trained and helpful. I will say that during busy nights you need to expect dinner to be a little drawn out and slowed down (more than it already is). Six courses without wine took close to 3 hours on a Saturday night. It also can be very noisy due to the shape of the building and the finishing materials used in construction.
A may zing!
Wow.  If you like surprises and great food this is it.
The waitress, Katerina, was also terrific.  She had an incredible ability to describe every detail of every wine and food dish.
Go early and take advantage of the early bird pricing.
Went here with a girlfriend and had to take my husband!! He went and loved it so going again tonight!! Sit at the counter and do the wine pairing!! So fun!!!!
We eat here often, and have never been disappointed. The owner is very "hands on", and really knows his stuff. The food is always fresh and very good. It is an attractive dining area with lots of space. A great choice for a consistently wonderful experience.
The concept here is quite fun.  It's especially enjoyable to go with a group so you are able to try even more dishes.  However, the quality of the food was just okay.  My husband's kangaroo was pretty chewy and my short ribs were kind of tough.  I think they focus a bit too much on the novelty rather than the flavors.  The experience was Binkley's-esque but nowhere near the quality and ingenuity of Binkley's.  They have happy hour prices and I would recommend going during that time.  I think it was a bit spendy for what it was.
I was so excited to go try Posh for the first time. It is a unique experience and a must for the adventurous type. I am a vegetarian and was pleased with what the chef pulled off for me.   The wine pairings were the perfect complement to my meal.  The ambiance was nice and the concept is great. I felt like it was a little overpriced, but I guess you are paying for the trendiness of eating there. It was worth the experience in the end but there are other restaurants I would rather go to for fine dining.
Very disappointing. The pace of service was very uneven - long wait between several courses, though it was not a busy evening. Flavor combinations were not terribly unique. Had the full tasting menu, and the bright spot was the salad course. Lack of progressive techniques, and some major missteps. Why on earth would you brûlée foie gras?! The bitterness imparted ruined a beautiful ingredient.  The chefs didn't understand forbidden rice (which was undercooked) and paired it with a shrimp so over cooked it was difficult to cut with a knife. Deserts were underwhelming. Here's a tip - making everything a tiny portion does NOT make it haute cuisine.
our second stop for az restaurant week 2012. because it's listed with many, many dollar signs, i just pass this place up. but with restaurant week prices and the reputation that Posh has, we couldn't not finally try.

everyone knows where it is, so i'll spare the lush garden surrounding description. the layout is sleek but very loud. almost like a bar loud....not music, but the conversation decibel level is very high. i found myself more yelling at our dinner companions than talking. 

we sat at the counter watching all the happenings going on. it was neat to see all the equipment and hub-bub of the chefs. our server was extremely helpful and down-to-earth...i expected huffy and aloof...she was neither. i did think it was funny to have my water described as "still".

i am skinny but i eat like an obese person. this is NOT the place to go for a filling meal. and i am not the gastonomic extraordinaire i thought i was. i could not appreciate any of the dishes that came to me when i'm left hungry at the end of the night. none of my plates were warm food(maybe that was the intent). the artichoke dish had barely an edible portion of artichoke (it was tough and stringy), and my tuna dish was overcooked. and i don't understand how places expound on the slivers of sauce on a plate when you can't get but a smidgen on the utensil to even taste.

my wife liked her meal, our guests left alot of their meals on their plates. when we got home, i ate a big bowl of cereal because i was so hungry. 

yes, it's just me. this place has many, many excellent reviews for perhaps palates and wallets that are way more refined than mine. i tried it, wasn't impressed, now i move on.
When restaurant week rolls around it's a great time to try a place you might avoid based on cost alone. I present...Posh. 
Cuisine based on what the chefs feel like creating within the exceptions you indicate beforehand. So if you don't eat meat or have food allergies, you let them know ahead of time.
I have to say that I really appreciated the service above all. My water was repeatedly filled, our server had a wonderful attitude and smile, and the way the servers sweep in with each diners meal is rather elegant. Each course is explained to you upon service and when two of out dinner companions thought their appetizer soup was too rich to begin the meal with, they were offered salads instead without the slightest problem. 
I think I had a slightly different experience from my husband. I actually left feeling rather full, although I can see how he felt short-changed. Compared to mine, his portions seemed quite small, and mine arrived hot and ready to eat. I really thought everything was cooked lovely and I delighted in the surprise of it all. 
That being said, yes, I too will comment on the noise level. People, it was loud. Maybe I'm getting old, but expectation is partly to blame. When I think of going out to dinner I expect a certain noise level. When I'm going out to a bar, I expect another noise level. Here? I had to speak rather loudly to my dinner companions and I think I missed about 25% of their actual conversation. 
Now, $40 pp for restaurant week? Acceptable. $$$$ as is listed on their review page? No thank you. If I'm going to shell out that much dough, the palate and belly must be satisfied.
I also checked this out as someone who would normally not be able to afford this place. I cook for a living so I thought the concept was pretty damn cool and wanted to see it executed since I couldn't quite wrap my head around how do you serve a whole restaurant while making up the menu as you go. I was there later on a Tuesday evening and the place was about half full so I didnt experience the noise problem some have complained about. I reserved "chef" seating so I could watch them work and shoot the sh*t with what ever cook was stationed in front of me. First to explain the concept. From what I can gather the Chef takes the card you fill out and decides what will work for what he has already pre-planned out. Basically there is a menu you just dont get to see it. Everything is set up just like any place Ive ever worked. each station is setup to make about 4-5 dishes. the components of each dish are pre-determined as well. if you have a allergy or dont like something its either taken out of the dish and somthing else may or may not be substituted. Every restaurant does this but the customer gets to decide before hand if they do or dont want that dish to begin with. Next, the food. We had 6 courses with out wine pairing. we drank their craft n/a beverages which were quite good actually. anyways, the first course started off great. I was very impressed with my poached tomato somthin or other. I thought this is going to be a good meal. then came the soft shell crab. good but not amazing, the sauce was the best part. Then came a anduille stuff squid, was actually rather bland. nothing popped for me with that one. Then a north African spiced Lamb. Which was good but I have made the exact same thing in culinary school and wouldnt be suprised if the chef pulled the recipe right out of my old "international cuisine" book. The difference was he used a type of ground lamb patty which had the gamey flavor that some either love or hate about lamb but not the right texture for me. Then came a duck leg dish. It was plain and simple bad. It was just like eating dark meat chicken. The broiler cook obviously had some duck he had been sandbagging all night either in the oven or sitting out because it was super dry. It sucked lets just leave it at that. Then dessert, what the hell it was I dont know but it was fantastic. started strong and ended well but that duck really kinda pissed me off to be honest. In the end the tab was $170 before tip. For the meal I had even at a discount was way too F'n much. I wouldnt go back just based on the price. If I could afford it I would give them another shot cause everyone deserves a second chance right?
Very different and fun dining experience! I was THRILLED to see Posh was participating in restaurant week because I've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile but it is just out of my price range. $40 restaurant week menu and off I went!

Our servers were very knowledgeable and thoroughly explained the concept of the restaurant, the menu, how to order, etc. Every dish that came out was beautiful, unique and delicious. It was fun to be surprised as well!  I don't even remember all we had but there was squid, soft shell crab, scallops, albacore tuna, ginger soup, escargot, kangaroo(!)...all delicious and masterfully executed.

The restaurant itself is beautiful as well. Low light, candles. Very nice for special occasions as well as date nights.

I very much enjoyed myself. The price point will keep me from being a regular here but I'm hoping Posh will be participating in RW in September!
Food is tasty and the anticipation of what the next course will be makes for an interesting evening.  A 5 course meal is the minimum, first course appetizer last course dessert. Not a place to go if you have a hearty appetite you may be satisfied but you'll be hungry in an hour,  Restaurant week was a good time to try it out  but we won't be going back anytime soon.
It was fun, but every plate was very very bland.  I was visiting for a week and decided to try this place based on the reviews.  Absolutely not worth the price.  The Foie Gras was the only thing worth anything in the place.
It is definitely a unique restaurant with an interesting concept in dining. You start out by selecting the number of courses your dining experiencel will be and by crossing out ingredients you don't want  included in your dish. The chefs create your dishes to their liking and every person gets a different creation that is explained by your server.

While some of the dishes were very tasty others were not  for such a pricey place. (I even sent one back as it was not good at all).  They let you know the portion size is appetizer size but it is more a one bite size (at least my husband's and mine, our daughter's portions were a bit larger I guess because it was her birthday, and she did like every one of her dishes). The desserts were delicious and you could actually share them since the portions were the perfect size. 

Overall I enjoyed the experience, my husband left starving and our daughter got her wish of dining at Posh. Will I go back again soon......defenitely not.
Great place for date night and if you love trying new foods.  We choose how many courses we wanted and we started out with 5 but changed to 6 as the portions were very small. Prices are $50 for the 5 course, $60 for the 6 course and up. If you would like a wine pairing it starts at $45 and goes up with each course added. You are given a list of meats and sea foods and asked to cross out the ones you do not like and the chef decides your menu from there. Every course was excellent and the wine selection was nice. We were in on a Tuesday evening at 6 pm and as the restaurant got busier with a larger party or food started to come out slower and slower and there wasn't anyone to refill our wine when our glasses were empty. Our bill for2 people was $250 with out tip. Foods wonderful and great concept but they could hire a few more people to keep up with the service. When I pay $250 for a meal I expect  prompt, excellent service .
We (PRSA, IABC and AMA) held our 2012 Valley Communicators Night event at POSH. We had one of the best experiences for the event all thanks to Chef Josh and his staff. They were the nicest and easiest to work with. I also love the space and can't wait to go back.

Chef Josh provided our event with three different small plates and wine pairings. We even had a last minute vegetarian request and he had something for that person as well. I'm usually not the one to go out of my box when it comes to foods, but everything looked sooooo delicious that I tried them all, and LOVED them all. Chef Josh created a Mock Porchetta, Lamb Tongue/Mustard & Terrine with Lentils, & an Albacore Tuna Niscoise Salad on top of a toasted potato. 

I would recommend POSH to anyone who wants a nice romantic dinner, to take a client out to impress or the in-laws when they are in town. I have also learned that Chef Josh puts on special dinners so check their Facebook page for those as that's where I found them! Definitely a favorite in the Valley for me now!
if you are in Scottsdale & you dont have dinner at Posh you are missing out! Very creative chef's design your meal right in front of your eyes ( if you sit at the bar ). very memorable dinning experience, the owner JOSH HERBERT had a long talk with us & made us feel very welcome and at home. he explained how the menu works and what we should try! everything was beyond great, small portions but you try ALOT so you get full from a variety of creations verses eating alot of one thing. very romantic & great for celebratory dinners.
I came here based on a suggestion by a waiter from another restaurant.  The food here was so good that after two weeks I'm still dreaming about it.  I felt like I was a judge on Top Chef or Iron Chef.  Everything that they served me was amazing- my favorites were the foie gras and the wild boar bacon.  I do wonder if all the meals are really just a fixed menu based on your selections when you sit down (meat, temperature of meat and fish), but honestly- when the food is this good, who cares! Just eat it, relax and enjoy the experience.    

I am now on a mission to find glacier lettuce and try to recreate the salad they served.  It was so good!
Great and definately a unique tasting experience.  To start my date and I did wander around at the beginning questioning whether it was a seat yourself type affair but were promptly and cordially greeted by staff who soon turned to our server.  He explained the concept of the food and tastings.  We soon found ourselves indecisive of what to choose but ended up taking the food and drink pairing substituting some of the items for savory foie gras and seafood.  The courses were art on plates and a firework of flavor in your mouth.  We were thrilled to catch it when they were open and actually came across it by chance.  The restaurant is a bit of a curiosity while driving but word of mouth is primarily how we heard of it.    I'll be a return for a special occasion to wow some guests or family members.  A majority may find that the pricing is a bit high and afterwards though the tasting was amazing I actually had to eat somemore afterwards.  It is a tasting but the stimulation on my appetite was so intense that the satiation factor had to be quelled with another meal.
Posh is a chic, modern restaurant with a fun concept and nice service. 

My husband and I made a reservation for our 9th anniversary. The hostess welcomed us when she pulled up our reservation she wished us a happy anniversary, as did our server when she came to the table. We sat at a cozy 2 top at the far end of the (relatively small) dining room, just beside the end of the bartop. 

They offered some complimentary sparkling wine (cava) because it was our anniversary, it was nice to start off with a toast! 

Posh's concept is all-tasting menu, all the time and you do not know what you'll be getting, it is the Chef's choice. I LOVE TASTING MENUS! Absolutely my favorite thing - I could eat little food forever and be completely happy as I prefer lots of small bites of different interesting things over a gigantic steak/starch/vegetable plate. So, this restaurant is really made for me. In lieu of a menu, you get a sheet where you cross off any proteins you aren't interested in and let the Chef know about likes/dislikes. 

We started off with an amuse bouche of a sorbet with basil. It was crisp and refreshing.

My first course was a play on a caprese - tomato sorbet, tomato "pate", basil leaves, a balsamic reduction, and a few shavings of cheese... this dish was okay. The presentation was beautiful and the elements tasted good, but there was way more tomato with just a few scraps of cheese and then these huge basil leaves. 

That said, my husband's dish, which was a seafood soup, was AMAZING! It strongly reminded us of a delicious "she-crab" soup that we had had at an upscale "low country" restaurant in Vegas (now closed, sadly) 

My second course was Littleneck clams with a shiso broth, eggplant, and shishito pepper. My husband had shrimp that were delicious as well. 

The next course was softshell crab - it was pretty simply presented (I honestly can't even remember what came with it) The legs were the best part as they were crispy! It was a bit funny because the server described the crab by saying that "HE is served with"... made me a little sad to eat the little guy :) 

I had braised pork cheek for the next course, which was hands down my favorite course of the meal - super savory and flavorful. My husband had fried sweetbreads, which he said were a bit overdone - he didn't get much flavor other than "fried". 

We had a fish course, which was okay - he had seared ahi tuna, I had a flaky white fish (cannot remember the name!!) 

Our meat course was interesting - hubby had the kangaroo prepared with ginger sauce - it was definitely a tougher meat, which is to be expected considering the animal. The flavor was sweet and very unique. It reminded me of elk or venison. I had the New York Strip served with a risotto. The steak was tasty but a VERY small portion 2 slices of 2" x 1/2" x 1/4" (remember, I like small portions! This was just a bit too small -when you are serving wagyu or kobe beef that are very rich with fat, it makes sense to serve a tiny portion, but with regular beef, there's not a good reason to be so skimpy!) 

The desserts were just okay - a dulce de leche flan and a white chocolate mousse with a raspberry gelee. They tasted well enough, but they weren't really up my ally texturally - both were very mushy and neither had anything crunchy/crispy/cookie-y with them. 

I ordered a mocktail at the start of the meal - a fruity pomegranate soda. It was good - very sweet, but good. However, one of my first dishes included a garlic chip, which the server had described as a sunchoke chip. I took a large bite of it, and while I don't mind garlic, it meant that I was tasting garlic for the entire rest of the meal! I had a hard time drinking the very sweet soda as it didn't combine well with the garlic flavor. Also, a warning - three of our dishes included garlic chips of some sort. 

Now, this last bit will sound nitpicky and weird, but it totally impacted my experience: the silverware is really BIG! This made it difficult to compose dainty bites with various elements from the dishes, and was especially weird considering how petite the food is in general. 

So, all that said, I did really enjoy our meal! It is a lovely restaurant and the service was great! The food was pretty good and the surprise of each course made it lots of fun. We've had tasting menus in many upscale restaurants and I feel like Posh's pricing makes it a value - a similar length menu at one of the nice restaurants in Vegas would run $100 or more.
Sarah A and I came here during restaurant week and enjoyed a fantastic meal.  We both got different dishes for each course which was nice because we could sample each others.  I even got a succulent salad which was crunchy and refreshing.  I'll be back with Alex C.
We just went there again. Still love the concept ! good food. Good service. But the food was just good, nothing more, nothing less. 
The two of us had a five course menu, upgraded to foie gras . Non of the dishes wowed us, most were good. 
Definitely something to try !
Bison bacon, Japanese octopus, duck, sirloin in truffle oil.... I had all of these things and many more during my first meal at Posh.  WOW!!   I love trying new things, and this definitely hit the mark!  I truly enjoyed myself at Posh.  It's not just a meal, it's an experience.  This restaurant has such a unique concept and they deliver with an amazing quality of food.  We did the 5 course meal.  This is the smallest option, and it's pricey, but the portions are all appropriate so we walked out fully satisfied but not over stuffed.   

We sat at the bar, which surrounds the open kitchen.  You get to see the chef's at work, which is pretty cool.   For the foodies out there, this is a true delight!   It's interactive, the staff were all very attentive, friendly and helpful.  One of the chefs even noticed my friend hadn't eaten part of his dish and offered to replace it with something else if he didn't like it. 

To give you an idea what to expect - you will get to choose how many courses you want and if you want wine pairings with your meals.  Then you get a list of their proteins, which are all pretty unique!  You can cross off anything you are not willing to try.  I crossed off frog legs and escargot, but everything else was fair game.   Some things on the list...octopus, fluke, bison, sirloin, crab, etc.  You pick how you typically like your meat prepared and then can leave some special instructions - no mushrooms, light sugar, etc.  Otherwise, that's it - from there it is the Chef's Choice on what they will make for you. 

I can't even pretend to tell you all of the food that we had, because I have no idea, but I'll give you a little overview.  The first course was an amuse bouche of shaved radishes, cheese and a little sauce.  I don't even like radishes, but man this was delish!   The next dish was a soup course.  OMG, heaven in my mouth!  After all, it did have bacon in it. mmm!!   Following the heavenly soup, I had Japanese octopus.  I was a little nervous, but it was so good! Then, I had a sirloin dish with truffle oil....ahhhh!!!   Next came the duck. Everything was so beautifully prepared  too, you almost didn't want to eat it - it looked so perfect.  Then on to dessert - strawberries and an orange sorbet of some sort.  Perfect! Even got a little to go package with another little dessert.   

Another cool thing was that none of the meals my date and I had were the same.   So I got to try all of his food too.   He had the bison bacon - wow! yes, please!   He also had scallops, which were cooked perfectly.  I can't remember everything else, but there was a tapioca spinach, cilantro jelly and his dessert was a sinfully delectable chocolate dish.

This place is great for a special occasion, a romantic date night, a nice work dinner, a girls night out, birthday party....or just dinner on a Tuesday night, which was our occasion!  It's a bit pricey, but in my opinion it was totally worth it!   

Enjoy!
Amazing experience!  Highly recommend to all foodies!!
This was one of the most amazing dining experiences that we've had.  
When we walked in to a basically empty restaurant we were a bit concerned, turned out we were just at the front of the crowd that would soon fill every table.
The interesting way of choosing, or not choosing, proteins for the meal guaranteed that we'd each have unique tasting menus.
Wish we could have sat at the chef's counter but the stools would not have been comfortable after a martini and 6 glasses of wine
The chef recalled that it was the wife's birthday and personally wished her a happy birthday as we were leaving.Waitress was VERY attentive but not overly.  Only mistep was our salad and wine pairing didn't quite work.
We will go be going back.
So much fun. You never know what the waiter will bring out next and I didn't get a dish I didn't like. 

If you're going to do it though, I'd suggest just going all out with the never ending option. Get a bottle of wine, plan to spend a few hours and make a night of it. Otherwise, you'll go home light in the wallet AND a little light in the stomach.
This place has a cool vibe and an interesting concept. However, only plan on going here if you plan on having 2+ hours for dinner (had to wait an additional 30 minutes despite reservation) and don't go while you are super hungry (waiters were quite slow). The food is just mediocre for the price. . .and 2 out of 6 of our courses were quite bland. The dessert tasted like it was a store-bought sponge cake drizzled with some pineapples. I'm not interested in returning anytime soon.
This place thinks an awful lot of itself. The parking stinks, the service is pompous, the ambiance is not reflective of a $200 dinner and the food is really marginal.

If you have a Groupon, do yourself a favor and don't mention it until the end of the meal. I get the feeling that Grouponers are a nuisance and the red-headed stepchild of full-price paying patrons.  

The Groupon is for a "full tasting", but as we observed others' dishes, the two of us were basically served half servings, equalling a single meal between the two of us.  

Here's another observation. They serve you what "they" want.  You're given a list of eligible items and are asked to cross off what you have no interest in.  You should make sure that the only items not crossed off are the ones you want to be served, because you may leave the Veal and Prime Strip on your list, but they don't bring you that...instead you get a tiny piece of squid or chicken.

BTW, the valet closes at 9:00.  Our 3 hour crap dinner ended at 10:30 and we were stranded, and had to hunt down our keys by calling the valet company who referred us to another restaurant - which was closed - to retrieve our keys.  

Unequivocally one of the worst dining experiences ever.
Posh is a dining event.  Instead of ordering off of a menu, you select the number of courses and note any food that you do not like.  Wine pairings are available.  At this point, I just leave everything up to the chef.  My wife is vegetarian, and Posh seems able to adapt to any dining proclivities.  It is hard to remember the dishes as they are all one of a kind.  My wife and I have been twice.  We had a great experience the first time.  I ordered the six course meal and my wife had five courses.  It was by far and away the most expensive meal I have ever paid for.  The tip alone was more expensive then most meals at other restaurants.  The second time we used a Groupon and received ten courses, although I lost count early on.  It was a long meal.  Both times I had raw fish.  I also remember having sea urchin, and my favorite, the ox tail, on our first visit.  Nothing stands out from our second visit.
01/05/11

2.25 stars.

Took my cousin for a five-course meal, and I unfortunately must write that I was NOT very impressed.  Yes, I have food allergies, and yes, maybe I should've just thrown caution to the wind that evening*, considering that I was going to spend $60 per person, plus a glass of wine for me, and a 20% tip, but after all the hype, I expected more flavors, more ambience... just something more than the experience I ended up with.  After speaking with our server and asking him if they served grass-fed meats or animals fed an all-natural diet, not commercial grain feed, it was at the kitchen's discretion to stick to serve seafood for me.  I wish I was told what my options were, instead of just the chefs' decision not to serve me red meat at all, or we might've gone elsewhere.  We may have just decided to stay there, who knows?  It would've been very CONSIDERATE of the chefs to have let me make that $150 decision.  I have no complaints about the dishes my cousin received-- they were delicious and nicely-presented, and she enjoyed each and every one, but to pay $60 for five uninspired courses, starting with the salad, to the same type of fish for every course, but with different vegetables, and then just undressed berries for dessert, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=Cuzo62AOE91H-c3IDlHf5g#Cuzo62AOE91H-c3IDlHf5g it was a very disappointing meal for me, which is why I haven't had the inspiration to write about the entire experience till now.  (Probably one of the best decisions I've ever made, for I surely would've ranted a year ago...)

When I pass this establishment every time I go to Camelview, I can only shake my head... :(

Amuse bouche http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=bAH29amaZhFzkR0EDBR6Kg#bAH29amaZhFzkR0EDBR6Kg
Cousin's salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=BF0Cbvkv8Hyiw6L20xYR9A#BF0Cbvkv8Hyiw6L20xYR9A
My salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=znJj-RMRQCL3H8gThB2TXw#znJj-RMRQCL3H8gThB2TXw
One of cousin's dishes http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=Hhw95OhEp9p0zk1h-HN2CQ#Hhw95OhEp9p0zk1h-HN2CQ
Fish course http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=keAr6jYxffhQQBeMRpVndA#keAr6jYxffhQQBeMRpVndA
We each got one of these http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=5-2SmDYRXWfEhfwUKqdKkw#5-2SmDYRXWfEhfwUKqdKkw
Frog legs http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=MOrO3LD0BOY8-Kme8noSMw#MOrO3LD0BOY8-Kme8noSMw
Another fish course.  Guess whose? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=sztKojJhZ_BxfMm1BZ8CaQ#sztKojJhZ_BxfMm1BZ8CaQ
Novel meat course http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=gMuM9QoCFk0lNGdEFoLSbw#gMuM9QoCFk0lNGdEFoLSbw
Cousin's dessert http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=kFUfXX81EnfHEuJ3D4_ILA#kFUfXX81EnfHEuJ3D4_ILA

She even got a frozen pop chaser!  Well, at least she had a terrific time!  :)
Wonderful! Sat at the bar to watch the cooking in action. The chef was pleasant and even let us taste the food he was prepping for later that week.
My wife and I recently went to Posh and had the full tasting.  We had reservations and were seated as soon as we arrived.  Our waiter was helpful explaining the menu and the "improvisational" concept.  

The courses were small, but when you're getting 10-12 "tastes" the portions were just right.  Overall the food was OK, but not what I would consider spectacular.  The experience was unique for sure, but the cost of the meal (~$500 w/tip and one wine pairing for my wife) was expensive.

The service could have been better for such a high end restaurant.  We were served by a number of different people throughout the meal so it was hard to tell who was in charge of our service.  We also did not receive new silverware with each course, which was not a big issue, but it would have been nice not having to lick my silverware clean after each selection.
I wanted to like Posh more than I did.

The menu at Posh is the only reason I was interested in going.  "But, Scott," you might say, "the menu is the only reason that anyone goes to any restaurant."  Posh is different.  Posh brings you a list of the proteins they have available that evening and you cross out the ones that you do not like.  Then, you let your server know how any coruses you want and they start sending food out to your table from that list of proteins.

The concept is gerat; I love the idea and the food was good, the execution is where Posh fell short for me.

I had read other Yelp reviews that said the portions were too small.  Now, I have worked in hotel Food & Beverage for over 10 years and I know what tasting portions are so I wasn't worried.  I was surprised when we got our courses (we did a 7 course tasting) and there were no more than three bites per plate (if you cut the food really small).  Some people have said that they were so hungry after eating seven courses at Posh that they had to stop at a drive through to get more food; I would say this is accurate.  Although I didn' stop in a drive through after dinner, I left the restaurant not full and would have preferred having a little more food during dinner.

The other problem I had was the wait time in between courses.  We waited about 20 minutes between two of the courses and that was a lot especially when, after having waited, it took me two bites to finish the dish that was finally brought.  In my opinion, the concept is great and the smallness of the dishes might not have been as bit of a deal if the wait times in between courses was smaller.  If it was just one course after another and, as soon as I finished one, another plate was being placed in front of me (at a respectful pace of course, don't try to turn-and-burn the table) then I would have had a better time.  Instead, I felt as though I waited and waited, then was finally given a plate with 2 bites of food on it, then waited and waited some more.

Now, on the positive side, they had some great proteins available.  I ate kangaroo for the first time at Posh and was really looking forward to it.  Even before we arrived I was looking forward to having kangaroo.  The kangaroo did not disappoint and it tasted great.  It was a little gamey, but not tough and a little sweet; similar to elk - and I love elk.

Overall, I liked Posh, but I don't know that I would go back there - the wait times between courses were to big and the portions were too small.  I wish that wasn't the case because I really did enjoy the food when I had bites to take.
I LOVE this place!! That being said I will say my husband & I love variety, change & trying new things!  I always make my reservation to sit at the "Chef's corner" where I can enjoy the experience of watching the young, inspired staff Chef Joshua has mentored & trained! (since they all must start as dishwashers & work their way up!) We fortunately do not have food allergies & are very adventurous eaters so we mark nothing off our list of potential foods to be served. (I have found that even if it is something I don't think I would like Chef J will prepare it in a wonderfully yummy way!)  We always get the wine pairing since you are not sure what you will be served how could you make a selection?  It is really fun that we never get the same dishes or wines, so we share a bite of each course with the other.  We enjoy each & every bite of food & take the time between courses to enjoy one another's company or visit with the Chef. 

Granted, it is not cheap but if you take in the EXPERIENCE it is absolutely worth it!  

If you are not an adventurous eater, this is not the place for you. I would like to address some of the comments in other reviews...

**POSH is a "dining event" it is meant to take awhile to dine so that one may savor the flavors & preparation of the food not  shovel a pile of food down your gullet?! If that's what your looking for go to the buffet @ your nearest casino!

**Parking is as easy as it gets = free valet! (have never been closed when we left)

**The portions are adjusted based on the # of courses ordered, so don't compare your plate to the plates on the table next to you.

**The more finicky or picky you are, the less they have to work with!  

My Advice when dining at POSH?  TRUST IN THE TALENTS OF A WONDERFUL CHEF, RELAX, ENJOY & BE PREPARED TO BE DELIGHTED!!!
I was really excited, thought I'd get to experience some new tastes, but alas while I did get to experience some new ingredients the flavors were pretty flat and even for a tasting the portions were a bit on the small side. After having 7 courses, plus an amuse bouche, a second and third dessert  and 2 cocktails over two hours I wasn't hungry but I wasn't sated either. I think they give the 2 extra deserts knowing that people feel like something is lacking.

I had a venison cheek that was a bit dry and had no flavor to the point that if they didn't tell you, you couldn't guess it was venison. The glacier lettuce was an experience but also had no flavor other that the citrus dressing. The half a quail was nothing special and the cornbread stuffing tasted the same as any other. The geoduck was nice but just nice.

It's been a week and I don't even remember what my other courses were. Overall, I was expecting incredible but what I got was just OK, for the price, you want more than just OK. 

The plating on the other hand was very good, but that shouldn't be the best thing you can say about a meal.
Posh is an innovative and fun place to dine.  The concept of each person designing his own tasting menu is compelling and despite the gimmick the food is well prepared, beautifully presented, and tasty.

The wine pairings that you can add to the tastings are relatively well done but often are keyed to just one ingredient in the dish.  The result can be uneven but only for those who know their wine.  Also, watch the size of the pour!  Because it is an awfully expensive wine pairing, they overcompensate by pouring a full glass with each course.  A full pour times 8 courses can be a bit much for lesser mortals.

I've dined here twice, enjoyed it both times and would return if the opportunity presented itself again.
Not your everyday restaurant but a fun experience.  You really never know what's coming out next!
What a great innovative way to eat! My hubby and I enjoyed the concept to this restaurant! We chose 7 courses with the wine paring. It was all fabulous! My first time trying kangaroo, chewier than I expected. The wine choices were a great match. We will be going back to this restaurant when we return to the Scottsdale area.
I went to Posh tonight for restaurant week with a friend and I must say....it was pretty awesome! Now, this may be pretty subjective since everyone gets different food and you don't order, so I can't speak about consistency, but tonight it was really good. My friend and I started with a couple cocktails...I had a raspberry marg that was delicious and had real muddled raspberry in it. Our meal started with an amuse bouche of avocado puree with radish on it....very acidic and tasty. My four course meal included a salad with fava beans, cucumber foam of sorts, ricotta, jicama, and other veg...very tasty, fluke fish crusted in something or another that made it delicious and not fishy at all over a white bean puree that made me want to lick the plate, then came the one item I didn't care for all that much which was escargot empanadas over tomato sauce with a garlic foam (I'd never had escargot before, so it's totally not the restaurant's fault, I was glad for the opportunity to try something new), and it finished with a vanilla crepe with strawberry jam and strawberry jelly....was delicious! My friend is vegetarian so he had some delish vegetarian fare including a popcorn soup (it really tasted like popcorn), an Asian taco on flat bread with baby bok choy and carrots and other stuff, a rice dish with haricot verts, and a cheesecake with berries and deliciousness. After all of that, they gave us these cold lemon lollipops with pepper in them that were also delicious and sent us home with cookies.....this place knows how to make you feel like you got good value in your experience for sure.I would definitely come back here...it was really a memorable night.
Mind.  Blown. AGAIN.  Excellent food, excellent service.
So I am not sure if I and the below dinners ate at the same place, or perhaps the restaurant has cleaned up its act! We ate here last night during AZ. Restaurant week. We did opt for the 5 course and additionally added in the Foie Gras ($15) and the Cheese Plate ($10). We were extremely pleased with our server. We found him to be friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable. The food was excellent and I loved not knowing what might come out next. The one flat and disappointing dish was the Escargot Empinada. The filling was too over whelming for the delicate escargot. All I got was...maybe, lemon zest - not exactly sure. I did enjoy the experience and would return. My only concern was we opted for the 5 course instead of the 4 so that was and additional $10 then from there we also chose the Cheese and Foie Gras as I indicated above. But we still got 5 courses, so in-essence the cheese cost $20 and the Foie cost $35...that is rather excessive and I thought that these would be in addition to the 5th course.... Oh well live and learn. I will still return despite this confusion.
Chef Joshua Hebert has a new super fan.  My husband and I found ourselves in Scottsdale, a city we have NO knowledge of and after a quick web search we decided to try this "concept" restaurant.  We are always searching for new food experiences and since we often will give up our food choices to a talented chef we did not find the premise behind this restaurant at all scary.

I would like to first address how comfortable this restaurant is.  It is very personable, not at all pretentious.  In this establishment it is ALL about the food.  The staff is very welcoming and extremely knowledgeable.  Even if you are not a food savvy patron, do not stress, you will be by the end of your dining experience.  Also make sure you have time at your disposal, this is not a rushed dinner.  The last thing as a patron you need to understand is that this is a multi-course meal, you are not choosing a plate of food and you're done.  There are multiple servings of THE BEST of the best and so if paying $60 and up for dinner is not in your budget just do not come.  I disagree with the people that say this is TOO expensive, it is well worth what you are experiencing.

We chose to be seated at the Chef's counter, why? because we wanted to give ourselves up completely to the experience.  It wasn't about us sitting at a table by ourselves talking about our day, this was going to be about the FOOD.  We were not disappointed.  Chef Joshua and his staff are not only culinary geniuses, but they are GREAT dinner companions.  We had great conversations about food and about our lives.  

I will not discuss each dish we had at length because honestly the chances of you having the same dishes are very slim.  I did find out though that Foie Gras is always on the menu and if you are a fan the upgrade to have that as one of your courses is highly recommended.  The Foie I had last night was served 3 ways and I will tell you that one of them was a Foie, Lemongrass sorbet.. WHAT WHAT, it was to die for amazing.  It was so good I would have been happy if the Foie Gras was the only course I was served that evening.  

The other thing I loved was that they did not serve my husband and I the same courses, so in reality we tasted twice the courses that we signed up for.  So "signed up for"?  When you are seated you are given a menu questionnaire in which you can cross off items that you would not be willing to eat, also it gives you the opportunity to let your chef know food that you may be allergic to or have an extremely dislike for.  You also choose whether you want a 5, 6, 8 or all the courses being offered that night.  Then Chef Joshua instructs his staff on the food that should be prepared for you.  I mean for you, right then from scratch with great love.  You can always tell when food is prepared with love.  The chefs who work here LOVE food and their craft   They took great pride in preparation and plating.  Each plate that comes to you looks as if it's ready for a photo shoot.

In the beginning I photographed each plate, but because the food is so extraordinary I would get so excited when the next course came that I would jump right into the dish and forget to take a picture.. LOL  You real foodies will understand what I mean.  I have included photos with my review taken from an iPhone so I apologize for the quality.

Finally we did not do a wine pairing.  I can never finish a meal let allow have all that wine and all these courses and not explode in my seat, so we each had a cocktail which were really tasty.  I had the Lambo, a bourbon cocktail that was excellent.  

Thank you Chef Joshua and a shout out to Chef Chris who is a fellow San Diegan, we had a great time and can not wait to come see you again.
Take all of the stars! I will do my best not to gush, but know as you're reading this that I'd gladly gush if I thought it was appropriate. To have Posh listed as a restaurant is almost a travesty... Posh is an evening... it's a life moment... one of those AHA! type situations where you finally understand just what kind of an experience dining in an establishment can bring. When the very first course, which wasn't even a course but a "palette cleanser", was one of the best things I had ever eaten in my entire life (and mind you, I've eaten at some of the finest restaurants Napa, San Francisco, and our wonderful own Phoenix have to offer) I knew my concept of food was about to be destroyed... After three or so hours of small dishes that consistently blew me out of the water, I knew that I could never eat anywhere else... money keeps this from actually being true, but how do you go back to your homemade turkey sloppy joes after having sweet breads for the first time? While this may not be my most informative review to date, I urge you to try Posh out... Kristen G. and I cannot wait to come back, and we want to bring everyone we know... it just seems wrong for people to be eating Long John Silver's and Hot Pockets after seeing and tasting our menu at Posh... the damage is done. We'll never be the same.
Came here for restaurant week. I was really excited to try this creative approach to dinning. If you have read other reviews, I'm sure, whoever is reading this, you get the concept of Posh by now. So, here's the thing.... since you cannot decide, as with a regular menu, what dish you would like prepared for you, your chances of liking what you get are 50/50. Bear that in mind, it's probably why half of the reviews are awesome and the other half are people complaining.

Now, I had a very open mind going into this, realzing this fact, that the plates would be beyond my control, but that's not why I'm only giving two stars. The honest to goodness truth is that the cooking just wasn't to par with what you would expect from gourmet dinning. The prices indicate to me that this should be a gourmet experience, as well as the snobbery of the waiters (however, I have expierenced top notch service in other gourmet restaurants...expensive doesn't mean they have to be snobs). There was always something 'missing' from each dish.... they were all very creative, and beautifully presented...but flavors were lacking... I really wanted to be blown away and I sadly wasn't. With that said, I do have to add a note that dessert was exceptional....my favorite out of all the 5 courses.... pinapple sorbet with candied orange rind and strawberry coulis....just phenomenal! But, I don't think that I should have paid 60 bucks for an excellent sorbet and a whole other bunch of bland food. Tack on alcohol to that and my husbands 5 course meal, and suddenly restaurant week didn't seem like such a great discount :/

Bottom line, would I go back? No. Would I discourage someone else from going? Not necessarily. It's an interesting experience, and if you feel like blowing 60+ bucks to get that expierence, then, go for it.
My favorite restaurant in the world.  I highly recommend getting the wine pairing when you go!
I came here for the first time for their Late Night Japanese Fare and I would first like to say:

A. I'm furious with myself for not trying sooner.
B. In an unprecedented first for me in the state of Arizona, I am temporarily 
     suspending my ongoing bitch that there is no good Asian food in Phoenix.

Their menu consisted of three ramen dishes: miso, soy and I can't remember the other one. I was fortunate to be among the first to arrive because I was able to order a fourth offering not on the menu which consisted of ramen in a miso-like broth that was darker, bolder and with a hint of ginger. I have never liked miso but this was outstanding and exactly what my palate needed. My dish also contained shrimp, calamari and other seafood. I washed this down with two Orion Lagers for Okinawa....DELICIOUS!!!!!  And talk about a deal: the dishes were $10-$12 each!!!!

I was still in shock that I was in Arizona and was enjoying my meal so much and I was so lucky that I got there early because the seafood dish and the Japanese beers were gone shortly after 10:00pm.

I ran into Bao H and wound up having a great evening with him and some other great people for a wonderful evening. My girl Ursula D was also there so it was great to run into some fellow Yelpers. 

I received a warm welcome from Josh as I sat at the bar and I love the atmosphere here with the modern minimalist decor, sexy candlelight not to mention the great music that they play. Ieft a VERY happy camper and only a $35 dent in my wallet. I'm told that they are going to be doing the Late Night Japanese Fare one Wednesday a month....SIGN ME UP!!!

Word of advice for this:GET THERE EARLY!!!!
This was a tough restaurant to rate, since I love the concept and think the chef is exceptionally talented. I didn't have a very well executed meal though. 


Concept: 5 stars. 
I loved being completely surprised with each course. When presented with the list of proteins, I only crossed off frog legs, and only because I had just recently eaten them. I specified medium rare for my cooked meat, and said raw was acceptable.

Bar: 4 stars. 
Very good combination of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages

Execution: 3 stars because some courses were 5-star outstanding while others were 2-star.
The crudo dish was impeccably balanced between the fish, salt and acidity. It was one of the best courses I've had all year, anywhere. The rabbit, at the other extreme, was cooked beyond recognition...a huge disappointment given my request for medium rare.

Value: 3 stars
Value is the relation of price to quality. I judge value relative to other restaurants in the area. In this case, my benchmark for "high end" cuisine is Binkley's. At the prices Posh charges, I think it's appropriate to expect near-flawless execution. I didn't get execution that lived up to the prices. 

I am hoping my experience was an anomaly and will return for a second chance. In the meantime, I can't fully endorse Posh to my friends and family.
I can't believe that I neglected to write this review sooner.  This is quite possibly the best meal I've had to date - and that is saying quite a lot.  Not only is the concept absolutely amazing, but the execution really does live up to the hype.  I happened to go on a holiday, and was concerned that we might not receive the full glory that is Posh, but I was happily mistaken.  I can't imagine it getting any better.

My man and I checked off slightly different items, as I'm a bit more adventurous than he is.  This turned out to be a great thing, since we both ended up with very different courses, allowing us to taste each other's and try so many different things! 

Here were our courses:

1: Popcorn Soup - so buttery and smooth as velvet!
1: Beet Soup - delicious and so pretty (and normally I think beets taste like dirt)

2: Scallops with edamame puree and fried leeks.  This was a huge highlight of the meal and I was SO happy we both got the same dish - I really didn't want  to share!

3: Shrimp with Japanese coleslaw pancake, bacon, and Asian bbq sauce.
3: Halibut cheek, celery puree, and grape balsamic reduction

4: Hot and sour soup with squid
4: Rabbit with parmesan veloute, crushed tomato, and asparagus

5: Frog legs with tumeric and gnocchi
5: Veal with mashed potatoes

6: Pork belly with cabbage and peas
6: Cheese plate with Parmesan foccacia

We were so glad that we made our reservation to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen.  Talking with the sous chef was so much fun.  He was so knowledgeable and made our meal even better!
I want more noodles. Noodles, noodles and more noodles. Ramen last night was amazing. The chef can cook like no other. The depth of the broth in all of the ramen dishes was just amazing: it was without question one of the finest meals a person could have. The presentation was beautiful, the noodles superb, the ingredients clearly fresh and cooked perfectly. I only wish they offered this more often, as it is great. Thanks, can't wait to come back.
Interesting restaurant that is hard to review.  Every dish is different and you are brought what you're brought.  However, from my wife and my experience, it was definitely an experience.  For my meal, I had a delicious sweet corn and dungeness crab soup to start (which was my favorite part of the meal).  This was followed by sea urchin with cucumber and cantaloupe (my least favorite course).   I had fluke in a carrot/squash puree (delish!), duck egg on rice, and pork belly on puree cauliflower (very good too).  It is on the expensive side but it is a great experience.  The restaurant was a little on the warm side for me, and since it's a nicer place, you probably won't be wearing shorts or other warm weather clothing, so that's a small negative.
If you absolutely love food, eat here.

I came here w/ a group for restaurant week. We all chose the 4 course option. They give you a list of the proteins they use, any you dont like youre free to cross off. There a couple other questions and a section where you can list anything you absolutely do not want on your plates (I.E. allergies, etc). We all made our selections and our Posh experience began.

The decor here is very, well, posh. Its very streamlined, and clean.

We didnt wait very long for our 1st course. Mine was a nice and mildly spiced tomato bisque. It was creamy and very very good. And I dont usually like tomato based soups. About 10 minutes after our 1st course was taken away, our second arrived. Mine was a shrimp dish w/ a biscuit and puree underneath it. The actual shrimp and puree were wonderful. The biscuit was hard. 

About 15 minutes after course 2 was taken away, the 3rd course arrived. I received a pork dish that one of the other diners at my tables received for her 2nd course. It was alright. The meat was a little over done, but it wasnt overly disappointing. 

And then came dessert. Up until this point, my entire table was very pleased w/ their meals. This course though, it was like they read each of our minds. I received 3 mini cheesecake tarts topped w/ blueberries and coconut. 2 of my favorite things and one I like a lot.

This was a very unique experience that Id jump at the chance to do again.
"Wow!", I couldn't help but blurt that out after one bite into the Striped Sea Bass. I have never tasted fish so flavorful with a light crispy layer. Everything was outstanding. Best of all, the Chef and staff were very friendly and didn't mind me taking pictures of every dish as it came out. Best time to go is mid-week between 6-7pm, talk about great, friendly service!
(Lyrics - Adele - Set Fire to the Rain)

I'll eat it in, a bag
And as it cooks, I'll add the spice to it
It was dark as I stir it over
Until you added to your menu and you saved me

My palate, it's strong
But my appetite were far too weak
To stay away from your ads
Without falling to my feet

But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew
All the time I thought it was only in a bag was never true, never true
And at the prices you had, I would always buy; always buy ($.25 a bag!)

But I had Ramen at the Posh!
Savour the taste as I stuffed my face!
Let it burn while I cry
Cause I could taste it screaming with flavors, with flavors!

Posh is an Improvisational kitchen, which means like improv comedy they create as they go.  Well somewhat I guess...they utilize seasonal ingredients to create a daily menu.  You pick and choose what meals you want from a list, which often times range from 3-7 courses.  If you ever been to Restaurant Week then it's a similar concept.  

The night I went was Ramen noodles night or late night Japanese eats!  I don't really know if they really eat this late in Japan, but I guess that's what we're doing!  

There were 3 different noodle dishes and 2 Japanese beers.  The noodles were Sesame, Soy, and Miso, while beer selection was Orion and Coedo.  I wasn't totally thrilled about either of the beer.  Along with the noodles we ordered the okonomiyaki, a pancake like dish with came with sprouts and bacon.  I thought it was good and savory, but the mayo and bacon was quite overpowering.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but less bacon please....

I ordered the Soy broth with my Ramen while my friends seem to all order the Sesame.  I didn't get a chance to taste anybody else's dish, but mine was pretty good.  It came with braised pork, scallions, and I believe radishes.  Nice and warm and yes I know on a warm summer PHX night, but it worked.  Ramen is so adaptable to so many ingredients.  To me, it's all about the broth.  If you can create a good broth then you can put tree bark and chocolate in the Ramen and I'll still eat it!  According to the waiter, which I might add didn't really do a good job, said they intend to have Ramen night every Wednesday starting at 9pm.  So gear up you Ramen fans cause now you have a place to go every Wednesday night! - Enjoy!
Great environment, very streamlined and well... Posh!

The dinner concept is really neat.  They give you a list of items that are in season and you cross off anything you are not okay with.  Then at the bottom you can list any foods you dislike or are allergic to so they avoid those.  You can also indicate how you would like your meats cooked, rare to well done. This is not a place for someone that is not adventurous or for a picky eater.

We did the 7 course meal and each dish was very interesting and delicious.  I felt like I was a judge on the show Chopped!  It was so neat to hear them describe each dish they brought out that was unique.  The courses were spread out over a couple of hours so it was great to sit with a couple friends, enjoy the atmosphere, and try different foods.  Everything from escargot, frog legs, NY strip, wild boar, pheasant breast, and prawns.  It was a great variety of foods I wouldn't normally try.

As for price, it was pretty expensive.  My husband and I ended up spending about $250 including tip for the 7 course meals plus alcoholic beverages.  We didn't do the wine pairing however had a glass of wine and a couple cocktails.  We weren't stuffed or over full by the end mainly because they spread the courses out nicely.  Although the amount of food may not have been worth $250, the experience completely made up for it.  It was a fun and exciting improvisational dinner that we won't forget and we would definitely do it again!
I expected to be blown away by the experience given the price and fame of the restaurant. The food did not disappoint. The courses were of good size, varied in flavor and ingredients, and were delicious. I was not, however, impressed with the ambiance in the restaurant. The music was barely audible, the staff casual--but not in a warm way, and the decor was blah. Optima, which houses Posh, is beautiful, and I recommend a walk around the property before or after dinner.
Phillip C who wrote a review below writes the review I would write for Posh.  I agree - 5 stars for concept.  And I'd give 5 stars to some dishes and 2 to others...One dish I had to send back which was a white bean soup - pureed - topped with truffle oil and crushed chilies.  So hot I could not eat it and mind you - I like hot food.  It was also too oily and the consistency of the beans was grainy - not smooth.  

Back to the beginning.  We enter a stark - but nicely lit restaurant and are seated at the last table in the corner - which was great - private and less noisy.  The waitress was great and very knowledgeably about the cocktails...  We then look at the menu which I loved...  Cross off what you don't want and write on the lines below what foods you are allergic to or really can't eat.  I can't eat Okra for instance and must have food light in salt.  I should have thought to write that I can't eat super spicy food.

I crossed off all fish except tuna rare or raw.  I was game for anything else which included wagu beef, escargot, boar etc.    

My husband's soup - Amazing..  Pureed Anaheim peppers and I think Tomatillo's and roasted corn - sublime.  Mine - sent back - bean soup as mentioned above.  I got a salad instead - nothing special.  My husband had the boar bacon on masa cake..  It was fairly good and I had shrimp - not spectacular and a bit dry but the spicing was perfect.  Things were moving along very slowly - I think because there were lots of people there for the chef's menu.  They brought a tomato sorbet which was not counted towards the 5 courses.  I thought it was pretty good but my husband thought it tasted like frozen commercial tomato juice.  I disagree -it was very rich and very tomatoey  (is that a word;-)  

Finally the cheese plate and the fois gras 3-ways.  Outstanding and worth the extra $15 - don't pass on either of these if you can.  The fois gras sorbet was a wonderful surprise by the way!  Excellent and unexpected.  The cheeses were Oregon Blue, a very soft and delicious Epoisses de Bargogne and a firm goat - Sunlight - it was called - nutty and yum.  Now one thing I'd say about that cheese plate is the toasted bread...was way to flavorful and greasy with butter or oil...  It overpowered the cheese big time!   That bread belonged as french toast or gourmet grilled cheese - the wonderful cheeses they served needed a nice crusty baguette to really highlight the cheese.  

Additionally, my husband had the mussels in a wonderful broth of roasted red pepper and tomato puree.. divine!  It screamed for a little crostini with goat cheese on the plate.  

The desserts - Key lime sorbet in a cream puff - texture of the cream puff?  eh.  Not great - Sorbet - wonderful.  Husband had a multi layered chocolate cup and it was good but not great.  

Having said all that...  I will go back and next time 1) make sure there is nothing special going on to take away from the regular goings on...  2) Sit at the bar!!!  
And I have a sneaking suspicion that if you put too many restrictions on your menu - they will not be inspired.  So I'll try to do that.  Although I hate cooked fish... Raw is great though.  Ok - one other thing... This place is so hard to find!  GPS brought us to the front of a condo building with what looked like a half mood driveway to go in and then out of but lo and behold - hidden from view is a ramp down to a parking garage.  Oh - and no spaces but the valet guy held our car and parked it when a space became available.  

Worth a visit if you are adventurous and a foodie.    My husband is not and it was just 'ok' for him.. and he was still hungry after a 5 course meal which by the way took exactly 2 hrs and 45 min.  Be prepared to be there for a while ;-)
What can I say. Every time we eat at POSH, we are amazed by Josh and his staff. They present the dishes and wines accurately with great detail to match the epic deliciousness of the food quality. Best place to sit...at the bar near the cooks. You can watch them with drooling envy as they make each dish. Don't be afraid to ask them about what they're cooking as well. The staff and Josh, our gracious chef, love to chat and be personable with their patrons. Don't forget to follow their facebook page. The chef enjoys doing fun "what's this ingredient" contest for gift certificates as well as host events like Ramen Night once a month where you can get a bowl of authentic japanese Ramen soup for $10. Can't recommend this restaurant enough!! REALLY. You'll love it!
Went for restaurant week and had a fabulous evening.  Sitting at the counter allows you to watch the cooks as well as Chef Hebert expediting the entire restaurant's orders. What a feat of organization.  Five courses with foie gras prepared three different ways plus cocktails made for many flavors that were all cohesive and worked together. Each course was delicious and beautiful, not at all gimmicky.  Turn your taste buds over to the experts!!  Our first visit to Posh made us fans!
We dined at POSH last night as part of restaurant week and could not have been more pleased with the quality, execution and presentation of all 5 courses. The dishes that came out of the kitchen were excellent! I was brought the coconut milk with kale pesto, roasted root vegetable soup, hamachi with an incredible glaze, scallops with black rice, shrimp sausage and puff pastry with pumpkin cheesecake topping. 

I'm not giving 5 STARS because our server seemed annoyed and short the entire night. When asked about drink recommendations he really didn't have any except to say try something from tonight's specials. 

If you're thinking about going to POSH, run don't walk-you won't be disappointed.
Finally a restaurant from restaurant week that warrants 5 stars.  If you are on the fence about trying out Posh, I hope this review will convince you to try it.  Not only was the food 5 star, so were the wine pairings and service.  If at all possible, sit at the chef's counter.  It is free theatre and you can see the chef and his staff expertly create delicious dishes one after another.  I opted for the 4 course dinner with wine pairings.  They began with an amuse bouche of coconut milk ricotta over pesto.  I make my own cow's milk ricotta at home and must say that I am now going to experiment with making coconut milk ricotta.  I can only imagine how delicious a coconut ricotta pie or cannoli would be...My first course was a daikon and endive salad with beets, bread crumbs, cucumber and buttermilk style dressing.  It was light, perfectly seasoned and the textural addition of the breadcrumbs made it inviting rather than boring.  My second course consisted of bay scallops, roasted patty squash and toasted red rice.  The seasoning of the dish was spot on, though I would always prefer sea to bay scallops, if for no other reason than the textural difference.  That being said, I cleaned the plate.  My 3rd dish was goat with spinach and a tomato puree.  If you have never tried goat, this is the dish to have as a first timer.  It would remind you somewhat of carnitas with a bit more flavor.  I almost licked the plate, and inwardly cursed Posh for not having bread service, which would have allowed me to sop up all the goodness in a more tasteful fashion.  For my last course I enjoyed a delicious cheese plate.  The triple creme with the homemade buttered toast, pistachio bits and honey literally made me swoon...well that and the perfectly paired dessert wine.  It was at this point in the meal that I realized that the pleasure that this food produces rivals that of good sex.  To top it off, I tasted a lemon "lollipop" if you will, from the anti griddle.  Perfection! Truth be told I could have polished off about 10 more.  They also send you home with a little goodie bag of cookies, which I have yet to try.  Overall, this is by far the best meal I have had in AZ and perhaps America.  I would gladly wash dishes for a couple of hours in order to enjoy this food on a regular basis.  Neither the staff, line cooks, chef or waiters were pretentious and all seemed to really care about food and the quality of their guests' experience.  I will certainly be back and know that this will be THE place I bring out of town guests.  I have reservations for 3 additional restaurants for restaurant week and it is going to take all of my will power not to cancel them in order to come back to Posh instead.
I've heard a lot about this place and have been wanting to try it for some time. So when I saw it as an option for restaurant week it seemed like the perfect opportunity. I made reservations weeks in advance and was excited to try it and see.

We arrived a little before our 8 o'clock reservation and were told it would be a few minutes. A few minutes quickly turned into 60 minutes. While the hostess was friendly and let us know we could get drinks at the bar, it was still annoying having to wait THAT long. I understand a few minutes behind, but what's the point of taking and making reservations if you're not going to stick to them. 

Once we were finally seated our waiter was attentive but nothing special. It is an interesting experience though to not know what you're going to get! And it was fun to try everyone's dishes and compare. The food was phenomenal and the portion sizes were small, but perfectly filling. I left feeling full but not stuffed, which is ideal. 

I can see how this would be hit or miss. Since we all shared everything, there were definitely better dishes than others. I was happy with the meal, but disappointed with the poor start. I think I would do it again, but you defintiely have to be with the right crowd who's going to want to share and try everything. This would be a fun spot to celebrate with a date or another couple, not something to do for a first date or work dinner.
I brought three of my friends here for Restaurant week and had one of the delicious and unique restaurant experiences.  We sat in the Chef's corner, right in front of the kitchen and got to see all the action!  The chef talked to us throughout the entire night- He makes a new menu every day and uses seasonal ingredients.  This time I got to try bass and wild boar bacon!  The bacon was my favorite part of the 4 course meal... We all got different dishes- never once was one repeated! For someone with food allergies, I was a little skeptical to see if the food and price would be worth it-- it absolutely was.  I will definitely be returning, no matter the price!

I would not recommend going here if you are craving something specific or are too picky... if you are craving something- chances are it's not what you will be served.  If you are too picky, the chef won't have a lot to work with!
Just had dinner here with my wife last week. I was excited to try this new restaurant and found a groupon for it, saving us some money. The restaurant is located in an office building and somewhat difficult to find. There is no large sign with the name on it so be sure to get good directions for it before you go. The parking is in a structure and once you find the structure, there are signs telling you where to park for the restaurant. Just follow the signs, find a spot and walk up the stairs. The restaurant will be located to the right at the top of the stairs.

The groupon we got was for the full tasting menu, which come to around 12 courses. We decided to add the wine tasting with it, since we usually do. I like the concept of "improvisational dining" and for those unfamiliar with what this means it is simply the chefs choice. Once you decide on the amount of courses you want and your beverae choice, you are given a piece of paper with a list of ingredients that you do not wish to be served that evening. You simply cross off the stuff you don't want but we also starred or circled the ones we really want to try. This list is then given to the chef who will create a meal for you that evening. Some cautious and close minded diners may not like giving the chef ultimate control of their entrees, which is fine but know that you may not like it here. 

The portion sizes are actually decent and I would probably say too large for 12 courses. This is because we were full about 3/4 the way through our meal, and trying to stuff the rest just made it uncomfortable and not as enjoyable. The taste was hit and miss as well. Some courses were very tasty but were lacking. We both also felt that the chef used too much sage in his courses and figured that this might be his favorite herb. While I do like sage, the taste can be overpowering and it did just that in a few dishes. The waiter was very nice and explained each dish well. I also liked that my wife and I got different dishes, giving us a chance to try each other's and something different versus each of us getting the same dish for each course the entire night. I was really hoping the taste was on par for us because our favorite restaurant in Arizona so far is Binkley's but it is so far away for us to drive. Unfortunately, the taste was not amazing and my wife states she probably wouldn't come back. I on the other hand would give them another chance because it could have been an off night for them as well as the fact that we were uncomfortably full and drunk by the end of the night. I'd like to see how our experience would be if we got a 4-5 course tasting menu. 

Another reason for the 3 star review is the price. I do think the menu is overpriced for what you get. The cost of the full tasting menu was $140 each without our groupon and I can say it was not worth it. We are willing to spend money on great food, so if you are going to charge a large price for the meal, you had better be able to back it up with incredible taste. So either drop the price, or step up your game! As I said before, I am willing to give this place another try so once I can convince my wife to come back I am hoping to be met with some incredible tasting food.
Such a fan! We have been dining at POSH for over a year now and discovered it during Restaurant week previously. We always bring people here when we want to have an impressive meal that is fun and unexpected. Josh and Jeremy are top notch chefs and do a great job of accommodating a variety of dietary needs. We recently dined here as a 'Thank You' dinner for some friends. Everyone was pleased indeed!
On the first Wednesday of every month starting at 10pm, Posh rolls out their "Japanese Street Eats" improvisational cuisine: a unique night were foodies can come and try "cheap" common street foods with the fancy and quirky Posh twist. After 4 months of not being able to attend (schedule, last minute changes, etc), my group of 6 and I finally made it here.

The street eats Wednesday is every frugal foodies dream: a chance to try a $$$$ restaurant at a budget I can afford and really determine if I want to come back and spend my entire salary on a regular night here. It makes me feel fancy without having to be scared about my bank account later, and you know, late night food is always so damn delicious. 

But yet, here  I am, being one of the few douches that is giving Posh a 3 star review. What about my experience could have possibly made this place just OK in my book? A combination of poor execution, terrible service and unimpressive flavors.

Now not everything is terrible. I actually quite enjoyed my Goma Ramen, served with an additional soft egg. Having the egg in the soup should not be an "extra" add on but an important component of the soup: opening the egg and letting the yolk flow out allows the broth to become creamier and elevate the entire flavors of the dish. The base broth of the Goma Ramen was pretty mild and tasty, but the Shoyu broth literally tasted like watered down soy sauce: a dark water full of salt. My Goma had great pork belly pieces and the piece of pepper was crunchy  and a little spicy, while the Bok Choy was waay overcooked and placed like a large piece, impossible to eat even with my best chopstick skills. I enjoyed the thicker ramen noodles and I did not hesitate to add some squeezed limes to my soup, regardless of my server's strong disagreement for my order.

Then Posh decided to inaugurate the internet-crazed new invention: the Ramen burger. For those of you unaware of the newest cronut replacement, the ramen burger replaces the regular buns on a burger with cooked, egg-added and fried-into-patties ramen noodles. At $15 we were all excited to give this craze a shot, so much so that 4 of us got the burger and the remaining 3 stuck to the soup.

The famed Ramen burger was about the size of a large slider, using a fried scallop in lieu of a beef patty. The concoction was served alongside a small potato salad which my friend's were raving about. Unfortunately, those 4 cooked pieces of potatoes were better than the star of the dish itself: the ramen buns were oily, the scallop was overcooked and the thickness of it was not consistent between the diners at our table. The famous ramen burger fell short and left our peers ready to make a McDonalds run. I shared some of my ramen with them and that kept them content for the remainder of the evening.

Maybe harder to accept the fact that our pent up excitement about this place had died down, was the sad realization that the service was below awful. We kept looking around for our server, had to keep reminding him to bring us more water (about 4 times when we were lucky enough to see him near our table) and had to send our requests more than once before we could get it. I saw another server passed by and exchanged glances, having her clearly see me and hear "excuse me can we get some more water please?". She smiled back and kept walking. Hey, Thanks.
Even worse than that, our soups came out but we had to wait about 5-10mins before the ramen burgers came out, leaving our burger eaters there waiting while we already had our food. One burger didn't come out for 30mins. We later found out that it was because they had miscalculated the orders and had ran out of the prepped food to make his burger. Understandable mistake but maybe he should have told him as soon as the mistake was identified and not 30mins later when his food arrived (and we were already done eating ours). They didn't charge him for the burger, thankfully, as he didn't quite enjoy the taste of it when it finally came.

So, is there any silver lining with Posh? Absolutely. Two of our peers have attended Posh on a regular night and truly loved it. Unfortunately, their street eats disappointed and makes foodies like me worried about spending more cash at a place that fell so short from expectations.
Eh, what can I say. Everyone I go to culinary school just ranted and raved about this place, so I had to check it out. I got the 5 course meal with the wine pairing and fois gras upgrade and honestly, I have had all of the same dishes at at better price point with more generous portion sizes for a LOT less at other restaurants. The fois gras was amazing, especially the sorbet. But the rest was somewhat lackluster. Also my wines were almost exclusively white domestics when i made it pretty clear I preferred reds. My friend's butterscotch pudding tasted like Cloroseptic .... very bizarre. For 105 dollars I want to be wowed and I just wasn't. I left wondering what did I just pay for. I can't say I will be returning.
Just fantastic. My boyfriend and I had read all of the reviews here on yelp before going to posh, and expected the small portions and high prices. I have to say that every penny was worth it, though. In every aspect, this restaurant excels. The service was excellent and everyone there was more than accommodating. For example,my boyfriend hates dessert, and they were willing to give him a main course as last course instead of dessert. Every dish was explained and thoughtfully put together. It was also neat to sit at the counter watching the chefs cook and create dishes. It amazes me that they are able to create such variety so quickly and put together such delicious dishes... truly excellent and  skilled chefs work here. I'm just disappointed we didn't take any pictures! Anyway, overall we were more than impressed and had an exceptional meal in a very relaxed and inviting atmosphere. We will be going back this week :)
Visited during restaurant week.  Had the 4 course with wine.  I really liked all of the dishes except for the first which was a salad with a chicken liver paste.  The paste was really pungent? That was the only thing I didn't care for. 

I was there with the wife and some friends we each got different plates so we got to sample a good variety.  I really liked the pork cheeks, hamachi and goat.  I was hoping to get to try the kangaroo. 

I would recommend trying this place but get the 5 course.
I can only give my opinion of their monthly Wednesday late night menu, so take this for what it is; I've not been here for lunch or dinner.

Excited to find out about their uber secret, (monthly?) late night ramen gathering, five or six of us decided to make an evening of it. Starting out with one of their Gin cocktails was a delicious decision, and I sipped on it while sharing a couple of items from the menu. I like cabbage and was excited to try out the Okonomiyaki; a grill top  cooked 'pancake' of cabbage, a few other add ins, topped with super tasty sauce, bacon, and a few other items, sans the shrimp cause of an allergy, it is worth ordering again. We shared an ordered a the Goma ramen, pretty tasty, similar to other ramen, but notably better. Unfortunately there were a few hangups with the order, some holier than thou service from the waiter that evening, and issues refilling drinks.

After the meal I chatted with the chef for a minute or two, he told me they were thinking about doing their Ramen menu during lunch soon, but I haven't seen it happen just yet. Overall the experience was fun but that was mostly from getting to watch the chef cook and hanging with our friends!

Happy Yelping Phoenix.
Posh has a rotating menu of seasonal as well as different exotic and familiar foods served in the typical fine dinning course plating style. You provide very minimal information about your courses and the chef prepares it how he wishes on the spot. Posh provides a rare experience for the guest and proves that mundane or even food you never thought to try can be turned into magnificent pieces of art.
Wow! What a great restaurant! I meant to write this review sooner so it would be more detailed, but put it off, and alas, I can't remember specifics...

Let me just say this, we had a 6 course dinner and ordered our own wine (not the pairings), and had a great meal. This isn't your neighborhood burger joint, and so the type of food and price reflect that. While you may not leave stuffed, the portions were bigger than I expected given traditional tasting menus, and left me satisfied and full. Would probably give it only 4 stars because the food/price is still a bit much to handle, and the ambience could be slightly better, the service pushed it up a notch to a 5 star restaurant. Nice job, thanks for the great meal and sensational dining experience!
I went a few times for Tuesday ramen, rather than the traditional fare. It was pretty good. Staff was friendly.
It should probably be closer to 4.5, but I'd like to support such adventurous quisine in the valley.  Have had some of my best meals in the valley here. But maybe 1 of 10 dishes don't seem to work. It fun though, not knowing what you'll get... could be frogs legs, sturgeon, wild boar sausage. It's one of the places in the valley that I'd bring my ouf-of-town foodie friends to.  Beautiful, stylish space.  

On Tuesday, they now host a Ramen night. Excellent stuffed pancake (wife thought she was back in Japan) and very good Ramen distinguised by the high quality of its ingredients.
If you are into something different, you must visit this restaurant. I have a 5 course meal and I really enjoy all this "improvice" courses. You just need to scratch from the menu the ingridients that you don't like... Then the chef will prepare you "something" with the rest of the ingridients. This experience was really enjoyable. I definetly recomend this restaurant to others.
I can't get over the fact that this was the perfect first date. I came here for drinks and dinner on a Friday night, my date was smart and called a head (if not, we would've been screwed.) This is the right place to come if you have any dietary restrictions. We decided to do the six course menu, without the wine, because we had already had two drinks before hand. They accommodated  my needs so perfectly. I almost think I got the more imaginative small plates (all veggie) than my carnivore boyfriend!
Maybe I just don't get the concept. In my book improvisational means you make things up as you go. This is not the case at Posh. I'd categorize it as dining Russian Roulette. 

Perhaps my expectations were unrealistic. I thought the chef would look at my likes and dislikes and specifically cater each course. This was not my experience. Instead, it appeared that there were a certain number of dishes that had been decided on for the night. There was one shrimp dish, one scallop dish, etc. and the chefs picked from these 15 or 20 dishes instead of coming up with anything on the fly. 

The food was really hit and miss. The salad was okay, but nothing special. A scallop dish was excellent and the pork cheeks were decent. The goat wasn't particularly good and the shrimp bratwurst was practically inedible. The dessert at the end was the highlight of the evening. 

Overall, I expected more. For $75 a plate it just wasn't good enough and there was nothing "improvisational" about the meal.
Amazing time!  Posh was great as usual.  We will always make it back for any special occasion.  If you haven't been yet you need to make it out!  Nothing else like the improvisational cuisine in AZ!
This makes my top three favorite restaurants in town, for sure. I've been there three times already this month. 

The most important thing I think I can say is be specific about your dislikes! You write down what you *don't* like, not what you do, so if your palate is somewhat high maintenance, that needs to be communicated.

Don't go if you're on a time crunch. If you're there before 5:30, the sunset discount is $15 off! And sitting at the bar is super awesome, especially on a slow night. 

Their foie gras torchon is the best I've ever had, and Chef Josh always has awesome wine recommendations! This place is a must-try for foodies.
The most delightful dining experience I've ever had!  Went for the full tasting menu which ended up being about 16 courses so you leave feeling full but not overly stuffed.  It was my first time trying uni which I loved, and the ahi tuna was another highlight.  The secret is to make your reservation before 5:30 to get the cheaper prices, but be prepared to spend big still...it's a once in a lifetime experience.  Try the honey basil cocktail...yum!!
Fabulous evening at this inventive and fun restaurant.  We selected the 6 course dinner and decided to share many of the dishes.  The chef works effectively to keep each course diverse so that the table can experience a variety of flavors and presentations.  At the start of your visit you will be asked to select out your least favorite proteins and to emphasize any favorites. From that point, the kitchen takes over. Our starters included a savory curried squash soup and a beet and goat cheese salad. 4 additional courses followed and included grilled Mahi on a bed of delicious Asian noodles; grilled shrimp with a corn and fava bean relish; seared NY strip steak; venison in a red wine reduction; oysters in an olive oil and citrus broth; and an amazing uni panacotta. Each was delicious and employed interesting flavor surprises that just worked beautifully. 
We met Chef Josh as we were leaving and we were impressed by his humble but capable demeanor.  Jessica, the dining manager was friendly and accommodating and our server, Michael, was charming and very capable in his descriptions and presentation of each course. Posh is a definite visit if your tastes are discerning and slightly adventurous.
I don't get the hype or the solid four star rating on yelp. I came here expecting this amazing and unique dining experience and instead I got mediocre food and service and left hungry/frustrated/annoyed and $500.00 poorer. I kid you not, we had to stop by jack in the box on the way home (after paying $500.00 for dinner)

The concept of posh is really innovative, just severely poorly executed. You go in and they give you a form that you fill out, crossing off things you don't like, meats, veggies, dietary restrictions the whole 9 yards, and they create a menu just for you. You start off with a soup or salad and go from there. One of my dining companions for the evening got 2 very similar flan type dishes in a row, pretty much unacceptable in my book. Your paying 75.00 a person and they couldn't possibly think that giving someone two very similar dishes might not be appropriate. Most dishes were pretty poorly executed, I had a mushroom soup that was super salty, they ruined the uni by somehow over saucing it with a soy base making it beyond salty and nearly inedible. Although I will say that they had a shrimp dish and the wild boar bacon were both pretty stellar and their cocktail menu was extensive and all of our drinks were amazing.

Like another reviewer said and in my opinion is beyond correct, coming here is like playing Russian roulette, and if it yielded great results it wouldn't be a problem, but I think they have over extended themselves and in this case I got the bullet. 

There are far better establishments to try in the valley that do the tasting menus right, try Crudo instead. It's easier on the wallet and the food is insane, I would skip Posh.
First, thanks to the offer of AZ restaurant week, $40 for a 4-course meal, I left happily! Second, it could be a bad-luck day that you just wont have food that's as good as your guest on the same table! Last, I'll share what I had!

1. Japanese congee with Japanese Ginger and veggie - a light rice soup-ish dish, a little sour taste from the ginger, just enough to boost your taste buds to keep indulging it!

2. Halibut cheek with greek yogurt sauce and a pesto looking (?) puree - very pretty plate and the fish was nicely done with a light taste, though I wasnt so sure if the two sauces complimented the fish well...still trying to figure it out, hmmm

3. Duck leg confit - the meat was well done, so soft that you don't need a knife to cut (think about the texture of a nicely cooked short ribs), yes, I liked it a lot, just be aware that it was cooked with skin on which adds the natural taste duck fat, but its so fatty that you would still see the extra fat on the skin.

4. Peach shortcake for dessert! Locally grown and fully riped peaches was so good!! Much better than the last dessert I had at different pointe of view...

With three of us on the same table, all 12 different dishes, I have to say mine was the best! :p but this is the beauty of posh, be adventurous and be surprised, you never know what would arrive to you!
Went tonight for restaurant week. We chose the 6 course with pairings. I'm not any kind of wine expert, but aside from whites going with fish and reds for meat dishes, I couldn't see any connections to the food and the waitress didn't do anything more than read the labels to tell us what it was. 
We showed up for our 9pm reservations basically right at 9, then stood around for about 5 minutes before a hostess showed up. Then sat at the bar for another half hour before our table was finally ready. 
My first course was the popcorn soup, a house specialty, inexplicably paired with a sparkling rose. It tasted like plain popcorn made into watery mush. It was my first course, I was hungry, I feel rude not finishing a dish during a tasting menu, and I still left most of the small portion uneaten. My boyfriend even tried to doctor it up by adding some of his soup (a sort of asian broth with pickled veg that both of us liked) to give it some salt but it didn't work. 
Then there were about 3 fish dishes that I noticed identical versions of being served to two or three of the other tables. I understand that you can't create 90-100 diners each 6 individual dishes in any reasonable amount of time,  but their claim of "improvisational" led me to expect more than I saw them do. 
I did enjoy the trout dish served with sunchoke chips and an interesting dessert of "nachos", fried cinnamon dusted phyllo dough "chips" with fruit brunoise "salsa" and a tiny scoop of birthday cake ice cream. 
Along with my unseasoned soup, there were several other dishes with too much/lack of salt problems. 
Vegetables were no where to be found in any significance. I had one piece of bok choy on one dish and two gumball sized chunks of zucchini (which were not hot).
I give it 3 stars for trying to do something interesting. 
I only give it 3 stars because they sat us 30 minutes late for our reservation, the food did not seem cohesive or executed particularly well, and lacked any seasonal feeling or vegetables for what I would expect to be a product driven menu.
Perhaps they were flustered because it was a Saturday night during restaurant week and they have better nights, but I won't be rushing back based on my experience.
On Tuesdays they offer ramen at Posh.  I was here with a couple of friends and it was a great experience.  We sat at the bar and the server was very friendly and knowledgeable.

They offer ramen choices with different broths and ingredients.  I had the goma and loved the pork and noodles in the yummy broth.  I'll definitely be back on another Tuesday!
Went to posh for a mixture of occasions (engagement party and not one, but three birthdays). Party of 8 and I think they did a fantastic job!

We made reservations for earlier in the evening because ***They have cheaper prices if you go earlier***.  We opted for 6 course including a cheese plate.  As long as you are willing to try some new things, this is a very fun experience.  If you are a little on the picky side.... Don't worry, so am I and I'd still recommend this place!  However, If you are picky AND you are afraid to try new things, I'd skip it for one of the many great places down the street.

Courses were smaller, but you're getting a bunch so don't fret.   The other reviews where people complained about leaving hungry, I'm not sure if they came on an off night or what, because we all left stuffed!  

The courses were unique and all had their own flair.  I was served a range of items... Salmon, quail, a white a white fish I don't remember the name of, and a small red meat plate.  There were 8 of us and we usually got 3-4 different dishes served to us, so if you go with a big group and are all friendly you might be able to try some other things ;)

The meal was served at a perfect pace too.  Not too slow, and definitely not too fast like most restaurants.  We didn't get wine, but if you did I would imagine it's enough time for you to sip and enjoy your glass and chat before the next course.

My girlfriend had a fee weird food allergies and they were very willing to accommodate.


The only negative I have about Posh is really the ambiance if the place. There is somthing off about it.  I don't know if I would call it a lack if refinement or what.  But for potentially $100+ per person I just expect the little things, like a more modern looking kitchen or more refined staff...I don't know.  I can't put my finger on it.  They are close though!
Posh was definitely a unique experience but it's not for everyone. We went for a birthday celebration and had a blast. I was the pickiest of our group but the chef did a great job at accommodating me. My entire group really enjoyed the experience but thought the food wasn't worth the money. We had a near $500 bill for 4 of us (and one of the group did not have any alcohol) and when it was all said and done, we agreed that it would have been better spent elsewhere. The element if surprise was nice throughout the meal though!
I adore the concept of this restaurant! 

I have been here twice now and I am hooked! Both times I have gotten the 5 corse and it was awesome! I love the "menu" and just being able to cross off what you won't eat. The element of surprise here is what really makes this place fun. I have never been disappointed here, the food really is wonderful! If you are willing to be adventurous and try new things, this is the place for you! 

The service is always great and the atmosphere is awesome! Make sure you look nice! This would be a cool place for a first date or a birthday dinner!
This was hands-down one of the best dining experiences of my life!

My husband and I came to Scottsdale for New Years, which is also our wedding anniversary. We made advance reservations for the chefs bar for New Years Eve and we were started with complimentary champagne for our anniversary. From there we each ordered a cocktail and loved them both. They brought the checklist and we left it mostly blank and told them to bring us anything they wanted. (If you have specifics about what you will and wont eat based on it being weird or different you don't belong here and we wanted the experience we came for). We did 6 courses with wine pairings and we each got a different plate, with a different protein, and different wine for every course. My husband especially loved the whole baby octopus! Everything was amazing and for the creative plates with foods you can't get elsewhere the price makes perfect sense. Not to mention the great service from everyone in the restaurant including our wonderful chef. (The executive chef even recommended a brew-pub for us to go to the next day we loved!) 

It's been over a year since we had this dinner and we still talk about it. For a special occasion and an extremely unique experience we highly recommend it.
Ok, first and foremost I have to declare that I worked at this amazing cafe/restaurant for 3 years and it holds more than a small place in my heart. Take from this what you will and add your own pinch of salt for any bias you think I might hold...

This is the best cafe in Edinburgh. The cakes are phenomenal- my top five features 'Carrot Passion', 'White Chocolate Fudge Slice', 'Toast Vanilla Cupcakes', 'Fruity Flapjacks-apricot over cherry' and finally the classic 'Victoria Sponge'. Everything here is freshly made and delicious. There are over 15 different tea varieties and it's all served in individual pots which brew the leaves beautifully. Then there's the smoothies, oh the smoothies. We cared a lot about finding just the right smoothie blend and it was a moment of pride when we got the fruit combo just right. Milkshakes are also a bit of a treat here. They use the best ice cream I've ever had in them and aren't shy about it!

So that's the cafe side of things covered, now the food. I think I was one of the luckiest people in the world getting staff meals here. During the day there is a very tasty selection of sandwiches which far exceed the run of the mill you get most places. Think Pastrami with Apricot Chutney or Mushroom Pate with toasted Pine Nuts. So so delicious. Everything comes with a big side salad and home made dressing. Then there's the breakfast. So good there is a queue down the street almost every weekend. Eggs Benedict and French Toast. Yum!

At night the cafe vibe gives way for a restaurant feel. As the candles come out the menu poshes itself up a bit. Pigeon with red cabbage and monkfish with black olive potatoes are faultless. The chefs here are great and really know what they're doing. The owner Karen is almost always around and it's clear she takes great pride Toast. 

Toast is a great place right in the middle of studenty Marchmont. We often had parents in here treating their (student budget starved) children to a meal out. I would recommend it to anyone though. How I miss it so.
In my young and impressionable days of 2nd year (at Uni) my prospective landlord took me and my flat chums to Toast as a place to discuss the finer details of the lease I was about to sign.  

Its upmarket menu and affluent clientele are fitting of the prices on show. Nonetheless my landlord was paying and I subsequently had a scrumptious duck and noodle soup resulting in a signed lease and a set of happy chaps.  

I'll Toast to that. (cringe)
For me, toast is something that is boring, something that is the last thing you want to eat in the morning.

Toast the cafe/restaurant however, is something different all together - I coulkd eat here all the time and it really wouldnt matter what time of day it was!

The cafe side of things is something a bit special - its like all the best bits of cafes everywhere in one. The smoothies are good, and the cakes are always fresh and amazing - well worth the calories.

The more serious food side is also something that might suprise you - the menu is well made, a lot of excellent sounding (and I'm happy to say excellent tasting) dishes.

The atmosphere is pretty great, Toast is in the middle of Marchmont, a studenty area, so its laid back and fun - if a little busy sometimes.
Belgian Waffles with Bacon...holy shit.

My stomach says yes but my arteries cry no. Excellent, swift service, chatty staff and comfortable seats. The smoothie was...smooth, my 5 a day has never tasted so great.

They should open up somewhere closer to the city center!
yeah Toast is really brilliant - read the reviews below this to see that it really is a diamond in the rough in Marchmont. But lets not ignore the price!! It's ridiculously overpriced and costs a arm and a leg for the cheapest things!
When I came here I ordered a hot chocolate - costing me £4.20 to do so, and my friends sandwich cost a whopping £5.60! The sandwich wasn't anything special, we could have popped next door to Scotmid and made it ourselves.
I think I'll have to give Toast a second chance, its first impression wasn't a great one.
I can only reiterate the sentiments of a previous reviewer here, and point out that bekgian waffles with bacon are quite possibly the greatest culinary invention to grace the planet. They're excellent anywhere, and Toast does not disappoint.

The main drawback of this is that the waffles are so good I never actually get round  to trying anything else, all of which looks excellent by the way.

I don't even care that it's overpriced, it's all about the waffles.
I stand corrected! Upon coming here only yesterday with my friend we had quite a nice lunch! The sandwiches were really delicious - I had the sweet chilli prawns and my friend had the pepper and mozzarella. As per usual, we both wished we had ordered what the other had so we swapped half way through. Really yummy! 
The hot chocolate was only £2.20 this time, and the staff were absolutely lovely!!  

I haven't been here for dinner yet but my friends tell me it's brilliant, with real foodie-food, if you know what I mean! Rest assured I will though!
Toast, I judged you too soon!
My experience of, and love for Toast can be summarised in three words: vegetarian cooked breakfast.  The ultimate weekend treat, for about £6 you get a plate of many delicious items including awesome home-made baked beans and a sweet potato fritter.  When we lived round the corner, my flatmates and I couldn't keep away, especially as the place has a breezy, relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff and good coffee - the perfect place to while away a few hours over the Sunday papers, though I'd advise turning up early as it does get pretty busy.

Have to confess ignorance of their meaty offerings, but friends of mine have told me good things about their bacon rolls.  Haven't tried their evening menu either, as it seems a little further out of the range of student budgets, but if the tasty breakfast is anything to go by, I'd expect it to be something special!
This is a popular breakfast place for Marchmont residents however after my recent trip I think it also deserves a reputation for all round excellent eatery!

It s a relatively small place with around 30 covers.The interior is bright and airy helped by skylights that drown the place in lot of natural light. It is simply decorated with white walls that are covered in various pieces of art work that add to a welcoming, friendly atmosphere.

Portions were perfectly sized for lunch time eating and didnt leave you feeling full and lethargic which was great for me and friends as we had work to go back to! I had sausages with spring onion mash and a redcurrant jus that was rich and tasty without being too heavy on the stomach. My fellow diners had a halloumi and roast vegetable bagel,the other had a crab risotto, both of which got 'two thumbs up' (and thats a direct quote!)

Everything on the menu is very reasonable, soup and a roll is £3.50, sandwhichs and bagels are £5 ish and come with a proper salad rather than a token limp piece of lettuce and half a tomato. For a bigger meal its around £6-£7 so with a glass of wine for £3-£4 you could have a meal out for just over a £10.

While Toast is open from 10am-10pm they have certain service times so make sure you aren't disapointed-

Mon-Fri
Breakfast 10am-12pm
Lunch 12pm-2.30pm
Dinner 6.30pm-9.30pm

Saturday
Brunch 10am-3pm
Dinner 6.30pm-9.30pm

Sunday
Brunch 10am-3pm

That said they did have a very lovely looking selection of cakes and pastries if you dont make it during service times!

If you are heading out for breakfast lunch, brunch or dinner this is top option.
Between 10am and 3pm every Saturday and Sunday, Toast becomes the perfect brunch destination. 

A popular neighbourhood eaterie, they serve generous portions of hale and hearty fare for £3-£7.50 excluding drinks. The full scottish  breakfast comes with cumberland sausage, black pudding, scrambled egg, thyme-roasted tomatoes, beans and a potato scone whilst the veggie breakfast comes with veggie sausage and veggie haggis. 

For those that want something lighter, they have breakfast rolls, eggs on toast, croissants, steaming bowls of porridge and museli with honey. The dish that makes me miss New York and San Francisco diners however, is french toast with crispy bacon and maple syrup. In two words: Lipsmackingly good!
Toast is my hangover nemesis. I must have spent thousands there on the fried breakfasts, whilst nursing the after effects of the night before. It is basically a posh greasy spoon, which weirdly works. They aim for a slightly higher class of hungover client, so the décor is modern and quite nice. The plates and cups are all pretty smart, something you normally don't expect from a breakfast café. And there is service with a smile, which helps to brighten you up.

And the food is awesome. The sausages are proper butcher's ones and you can really taste the difference between these and sausages you get at a bog standard greasy spoon. The fried breakfasts are perfect, all the ingredients are really well cooked. The eggs benedict is also excellent, as are the scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. 

The only downside is the price. You'll normally come out of there about £10 lighter than you went in with. The food is excellent but that's quite an amount to be down just for breakfast.
Walking to Toast through Marchmont is pleasant enough, but the first time I went to this cafe, I was headed from the university catered residence (Pollock Halls) and it wasn't the prettiest. By the time Toast came into view, I was tired and a little confused by it's layout; it is, literally, a box! The best way to describe its appearance would be likening it to a fancy food stand in extreme proportions.

The cafe itself isn't half bad! It's quite cosy and was full of customers when I was there. The breakfast is particularly impressive, with some traditional options like haggis, as well as croissants, french toast and pancakes. If I lived in Marchmont, I would probably be there quite often!
The paper, a latte, a relaxed weekend breakfast that someone else cooks - that is how a good Saturday starts.  And there is something addictive about Toast...I have been in with a variety of people, all with varying tastes and ideas about what makes a good breakfast, but Toast never fails to satisfy.  Unless you can't get a table - which shows how popular it is.  Eggs benedict, the fresh fruit smoothies and the breakfast fry-up are all firm favourites but, last time I was in, I decided  to be a bit more adventurous...French toast with goats cheese and tomato chutney sounded a litle daunting for breakfast!  But it was full of flavour and had an addictive strangeness that I now sometimes crave. It's a lovely wee spot, although we prefer it when it's a bit quieter; coffee and home-made cake after a rough day is also good!
Great atmosphere, good and unique food. Cute place, can't complain. The menu at lunch departs from the usual cafe fare, which is a great change of pace. At night, there is ample lighting from candles, and would make a nice place to go to dinner on a date or for a special occasion. The dinner menu is a bit pricey (in comparison to where a student would normally eat) but is a nice break from the Pub atmosphere. Relaxed, homey, beautifully decorated, friendly staff. Highly recommended!
Toast is one of those places where you can get a really good quality basic breakfast.  The menu has old time favourites of french toast with various tasty extras, croissants with nom inducing fillings, eggs benedict, morning rolls and full breakfasts.  On the weekends they add in really exciting looking sandwiches/bagels.  

The setting is cozy and it is clearly a firm favourite for brunchers from all over Edinburgh because every weekend (that I've been there anyway) it's packed to the gills.  

Breakfast is one of those meals which you expect to be really cheap, but then you get a coffee and maybe a juice and all of a sudden it's more expensive than lunch!  I can't place the blame on Toast, though, because this seems to be the case anywhere you go.  Despite this, every visit I'm left wishing I lived just a bit closer so I could frequent this lovely cafe a bit more often.
Still serves the best full Scottish breakfast I've ever enjoyed... I miss Edinburgh! There's usually a copy of the List hanging around for you to peruse whilst waiting for your breakfast. I wish more coffee shops would offer a free copy of the List to flick through rather than acting as a magazine retailer.
I tried several different restaurants during my stay in Edinburgh and Toast was my favorite.  The place is small but the food was the best I've ever tasted. The most delicious food I had during my travels to the UK!

Nancy 
San Diego, CA USA
I do love a good cooked breakfast, and Marchmont's "Toast" is up with the best I have found.

This place is tiny but always busy at the weekends, often with a queue out the door (and they don't take bookings) but I have never had a problem being seating fairly quickly - just don't turn up with a big group on a Saturday or Sunday morning and expect to be catered for without some fuss.

They have a very small menu (due to their very small kitchen) and so they will struggle to customise the options during busy periods, but will always endeavour to try.  It does mean that you can be expected to be served very quickly though.

Its not exactly a cheap breakfast, but you are getting what you pay for - the food is all high quality and cooked to perfection, with their home made baked beans being incredible. 

Definitely worth getting out of bed for on a Sunday!
Fine eats! Great brunch on Sunday, which you could tell simply from the fact that it's still packed well past 2pm. (they do brunch until 3pm) Besides, it's cheap. Staff are quick and friendly, and they have damn tasty eggs!

Beverage Bonus: If you order tea, one serving is practically enough for five cups.
I've been looking for an excuse to visit Toast for awhile now having heard of its reputation for providing the best brunch in Edinburgh. Since I've recently moved to Marchmont and Toast is now around the corner from my flat it seemed rude not to pop in for some weekend brunch. 

It's a clear sign of the reputation of Toast when you arrive at 11:30am on a Saturday and the queue for tables is out the door. Having a book with me was quite happy to wait for a table, which was less than 10 minutes. The staff are really friendly and promised to get everyone in as quickly as possible. There was a constant queue for tables the entire time I was there which made me feel quite guilty about sitting on a table by all myself (though I told the staff I was more than happy to share should any other solitary soul turn up looking for food.) Normally when I'm out for brunch I like to linger a bit, maybe have another cup of tea and read the weekend papers but the place was just so busy it felt wrong to camp on a table for any longer than absolutely necessary. I'm sure the staff would never have said anything to suggest that they needed the table asap, it was my own guilt (and the fact I scoffed my food down so fast) that had me out the door after only 45 minutes. 

I opted for pancakes with fresh summer fruit and a smoothie (stocking up on my 5 a day) though I asked for maple syrup instead of the fresh cream that normal comes with the pancakes. It does say on the menu that at busy times they may not be able to accommodate changes to the menu but even though the place was packed to the rafters the waitress told me it was no problem. When my pancakes arrived they were buried under a mountain of fresh fruit. I actually had to dig a bit to check there were in fact pancakes under there. I really wish I had a photo to show you how stunning it looked but the truth is I was so hungry I wasn't even prepared to hold off for 30 seconds to take one! 

I was seated right next to the door and overheard a lot of conversations with the lovely owner and the people waiting in the queue. She seems to know everyone and greeted them by name, asking after kids and catching up since the last time people had visited. I love that she takes the time to do that. It made the place seem 100 times more welcoming and I now aspire to reach this level of regular myself. 

I was also admiring the artwork around the walls. Like the customers sitting below, the walls are packed with pictures and paintings. It wasn't until after I left that I found out that Toast allow local artists to display their work on the walls. I really wish I'd known this when I was there as there were one or two paintings that I really loved and would have made enquiries if I'd known I could potentially buy one. 

The food, the atmosphere and the staff all combine to make this such a lovely place to eat. I definitely intend to become a regular here.
Toast is famous for one particular meal: brunch. After leaving Glasgow and a very-favourite brunch spot, I have been on a quest to find an Edinburgh equivalent. 

From the first glance of Toast's brunch menu, you can see they take brunch very seriously. Pancake stacks, waffles, eggs benny, full breakfasts, granola and yoghurts, as well as bagels and sandwiches.

And the fillings are particularly interesting. I had a bagel with smoked salmon and poached salmon. Double salmon-ing. It was quite delicious. The eggs royale opposite me (eggs benedict with smoked salmon) looked divine. The eggs were beautifully poached, and it also came with a sort of pesto olive oil drizzled around the outside.

I've heard that the pancakes are divine, and the fruit option comes with seasonal fruit. So on that occasion there were nectarines and peaches over the pancakes, not just the usual blueberries.

It's a fairly small premise, with quite a lot of tables. It has a good vibe about it, and I believe you do need to queue for brunch at the weekends. We got there at 2pm after a good hike around Blackford Hill, and managed to get a table as the 12noon crowd were leaving. They do brunch all day at the weekends too I think.


The only thing that put me off slightly was the attitude of one of the staff members. When I asked if a table was free (it was empty) a staff member was just putting a plate of her own food down and said in quite a surly, impatient manner "Uh, I'm sitting here. But there's another over there." (Pointing vaguely). I am very understanding, and know after a busy brunch rush you can be tired and hungry. And fair enough, it is maybe the staff table for their lunches. I just didn't like the way she spoke to me. But all the other staff were lovely, so I'll see it as a tired, hungry staff member who was perhaps having a bad day.

I will definitely come back to Toast for brunch. The other options looked great too, and the cake cabinet was very tempting.
I love Toast.French toast and fresh coffee
Make for a perfect weekend brunch.I agree with the rest of the lovely yelp bunch,this place is fab.The big pile of up to date magazines is also a plus and I love the cakes here too.If I could visit this place every weekend I could ,friendly staff,great food and the relaxed atmosphere make me wish I lived next door!
This. is. Americana. 

Edinburgh shamefully is not cosmopolitan enough to have TRULY caught on to brunch. Sure there are a few places that do it, but it's not really a 'thing'. I guess there will be some level of adjustment period from the full Scottish fry-up AND the problem with the girls with the line from your tights that you can see outside of your mini-skirts - that's gonna keep you away from true cosmopolitan-ness for a loooong time. 

So, Toast is a welcome addition to my life. I miss NY, I miss brunch with goat cheese omelettes and fancy bloody mary's and pancakes with reductions... Saturday morning with an adorable stranger (or not so stranger) is made so much better by being able to not stare at each other across your kitchen while you're covered in yesterday's make-up feeling hungover and wanting to do nothing but have someone pour you a cup of coffee... and you have to make your own AND possibly some for him. UGH. 

Toast makes life bearable.
Loses a star for very very slow service but the food was good. 
There's an extensive selection on the menu from healthy porridge and granola/museli and yogurt options through to the full English breakfast via pancakes, waffles, muffins, eggs benny, scrambled eggs.  There's some lunch options - bagels and sandwiches too.
The OH had the full English and it's fair to say that when my pancakes arrived, I definitely had menu envy.  He let me try his scrambled eggs and they were delicious.  He definitely made the better choice.  
My pancakes were nice but nothing special.  Topped with orange infused apricots and drowned in an orange flavoured syrup which was too sweet, I felt like I had been short changed. OH's plate was loaded with bacon, sausages, a huge pile of scrambled eggs, haggis, beans and potato scone.  And toast. 
If you live in this part of town it's a handy local place. I'm not sure I would travel across town to visit as there are other places just as good if not better nearer home.
Loses three stars for certain things and Yes, I have experienced better.

It's ashame as i thought it had a better reputation than what I experienced.  Cakes were good, My mum was after something a bit more substantial but the kitchen was closed by the time we had arrived.

Just felt like the atmosphere had been sucked out the building - the tables are set out in a very formal way and feels quite tight.

On a positive note.  The cake was nice, the mint slice is a favourite of mine and this one was tasty.  Mum had the carrot cake which she said was good too.

But the coffee had alot to be desired.  Instant would have been better than what we had.  I barely had two sips and couldn't drink anyone.  It was lacking coffee, it was almost like the shot wasn't poured correctly and tasted of watered down milk. 

Unfortunately this visit for me gets a 2 star. I will come back and give it another go and hope I can give it a least 4 stars.  Looking at previous reviews I may come back for brunch as this seems to be the best seller for Jenny L and Kelly F.

Sorry Toast but I have experience better elsewhere for this occasion.
Loving Toast!!!!

Last few Sundays I have started coming here for brunch and its really great. Good selection of your typical breakfast options with some further variety thrown in.

Most recently I went for the croque monsiuer which was deleciious, but having had the eggs benedict, the full breakfast and the pancakes on other visits on the food front so far nothing has disappointed.

Why the loss of a star, the service is erm varied. Some members of staff are lovely, charming and very efficient....others...welll....are not. Also its not a bif thing at all but they dont have fresh organge juice which I find very weird for a place totally geared up for brunch.

All in all its a great place but there is a little room for improvement! Still though, brunch at Toast comes JD Recommended!
When I first moved to Edinburgh and was hunting out a brunch spot, Toast came up trumps time and time again. And my eggs benny last time wasn't bad, as neither was my salmon bagel.

My last breakfast here - pancakes with bacon and maple syrup - was a-ok. Two very thick, fat pancakes, two bits of bacon, and the syrup. The pancakes were so thick and doughy, they weren't quite how I like my pancakes. I make American ones at home, don't get me wrong, I like 'em big. But these weren't fluffy. They were very, very heavy. Also, the ratio of bacon to pancakes wasn't great (probably due to the enormous size of the beastin' pancakes).

It's also very cramped inside, with tables close to one another, hardly any maneouver room between tables, and at the table I had, my friend had her back near the entrance, where people were often pushing by, and the cold air kept creeping in on her.

I do quite like the neighbourhood, local feel of Toast, some of the brunch items are great. It reminds me of the sort of place my grandma used to take me when I was a wee girl, in a good way. But I wouldnt say it's my favourite brunch spot in town, and next time I'll avoid the pancakes.
Adorable little brunch spot! They don't take reservations and don't have a waiting room, so if you come during a busy time you'll be standing over people watching them eat as you wait -- and if you're eating during a busy time you'll feel people watching over you pressuring you to hurry. The food is quite tasty -- we all had delicious eggs Benedict, which was about £6, and yummy cake. Service was prompt and friendly, and decor was simple but airy and pleasant. All around a lovely place!
I got lunch here with some friends once. Such a cute spot to eat and great food. Everything is really well-prepared.

The desserts are AMAZING. The cupcakes, cake, etc. are definitely worth trying if you go!
I'm not sure what I was expecting when we went to Pastis the first time a few weeks ago, but what we found was a very pleasent surprise!Part deli, part cafe, and part grocery store and all wonderful. 

The fare is a combination of dishes from the Eastern European nations that are slowly starting to appear here in America.Hot and cold sandwiches, pierogi, sausages, soups and salads, appetizer plates and the best crepes I have ever had. They do not serve alcohol just yet but they are working on it, so look for it in the future.

My personal fondness for spicy and flavourful sausages is satisfied here with wonderful Bratwurst, the "Budapest", (a lovely sandwich of grilled Hungarian sausage, provolone cheese, roasted peppers and a chipotle aioli sauce. Yum!), and Sudjuk sausage. (A spicy Slavic beef sausage served on a regional pita bread made fresh and served with hummus.)The Cobb salad was of considerable proportions and they even have selections for the little ones.

The grocery stocks a few snacks and beverages from several Eastern European countries and all that we've tried have been delightful.

They have just added a breakfast menu as well that sounds wonderful but we have not had the opportunity to try it yet.

I would recommned Pastis to anyone without hesitation, I hope you'll give it a try.
We went to Pastis on the recommendation of some friends.  Our good friends went with us on a Saturday night.  This place was great.  I'd describe it like others: part bistro, part cafe, part casual restaurant.  It also has take-out and a market if you are longing for your European favorite chocolates, sauces, canned meats :-).

We sat in the restaurant area.  VERY casual and I loved that.  We were greeted very kindly by one of the owners' wife.  The menu has plenty of options.  Our server (who actually was one of the owners as well) told us about the special (Chicken Cordon Bleu) and spoke with such perfection in his accents on Spanish and French words that we had to ask where he was from.  

One of the owners, Luka (sorry if I misspelled it), was born in Serbia, but grew up in the French Riviera.  His father was a professional soccer player so they traveled a lot.  Luka himself was also a professional soccer player and that is what brought him to Arizona (on a scholarship).  He loved it so much and decided to stay.  VERY humble and nice guy and it is great that the owners have such a stake in the business at these early stages.

Two in our party opted for the Cordon Bleu special, which was fantastic!  I ordered the Athena sandwich (pastrami) and my friend ordered the Madrid sandwich (prosciutto and turkey and brie).  All of these were the first recommendations from Luka, whithout hesitation.  THEY WERE GREAT!  There were so many things on the menu and I wanted to try them all...so I'll definitely be back.

The portions were perfect, and the sandwich portion was generous.  We heard about the crepes as well and opted to order (2 per order, yum!).  We got Nutella/Banana and Nutella/Toasted Coconut/Crushed biscuit.  Holy crap they were good -- do the crushed biscuit...it really adds something great!

Overall, this place was fantastic!  If there was a 4.5 star rating I'd have to give it that.  Luka was very kind, explained everything and shared some personal history of his journey to this point.  Great atmosphere.  He also explained the name of the restaurant to us, so you'll have to ask *when* you go (not if, but when).

This is a great place and we WILL be back!  We saw they have a "breakfast in Paris" menu on Sat/Sunday morning so we'll have to try that some time.

It is places like Pastis that I hope truly survive more than the conglomorates.  Passion is evident here at Pastis.

UPDATE May 2009:  Went back and the fact that the owners remembered us was awesome -- up one more star for local goodness.  And live music on Saturday nights now!!
My husband and I have been to this restaurtant twice and I'm already planning a return visit.  Their pita bread is simply the most amazing bread I've ever had IN MY LIFE!  Desserts are awesome too!  Oh, and by the way, the young man that waited on us has to be the most handsome waiter in the east valley!  Go for the food...enjoy the scenery!
I went to Pastis today for lunch, and it was great!

I ordered the Madrid:
Hot sandwich with Prosciutto & turkey on toasted multigrain bread with sweet mixed greens, basil pesto aioli, tomatoes and home made mozzarella.

It was delicious.

The restaurant is very cozy and the service was great!

I also got the soup of the day, the pablano pepper soup,
I am saving it for when I get home, but I am sure it was good.

The other two people I went with ordered the Pierogi which is ground beef and potatoes in some sort of fried bread/pastry.
She loved them!

And the other person got the Milano:
Grilled hot italian sausage with grilled onions, roasted peppers, provolone cheese, & a chipotle aioli sauce.
All said food was great!

If you have a chance to visit this place, do so, it is amazing!
We have driven by this place before when shopping at Dana Pt but have always eaten Before we drive by. 
Today we made it our Destination! We were so pleased!!

The atmosphere is calming and such that you'd just love to sit with friends and talk for hours. They even have outdoor seating with cushioned sofas!

I tried the Portabello Delight after seeing it delivered to the table next to us. I was having trouble deciding between...ok everything!...but after seeing the presentation on that dish I had to have it.  It's a huge, seemingly grilled portabella mushroom served upside down, delightfully filled with their homemade hummus and then crowned with a triangle of feta cheese. It's served with four toasted sliced of their yummy bread and grilled veggies...asparagas, carrots, tomatoes and string beans. Let me tell you this was Fantastic. 

My husband had the Milano. The sausage was just perfectly seasoned and the veggies were wonderful. The cheese was nicely melted...and stringie...fun to play with! (Ok not really!) But it showed how fresh it was!
It was served with a choice of sides and hubby had some of their slaw. Not too sweet or wet...just fresh.

The only bad part about the meal was we didn't have room for a crepe! Guess we have to go back!

Our waiter...which I believe was an owner kept checking on us to make sure we were satisfied and fulfilled...was very accommodating while we queried about their homemade mozzarella cheese. He said the chef makes it there every two days. They offer it for sale in their deli case so we bought some to take home.

We will definitely go back often!

I wish the B'fast menu was listed here...we forgot to look at it before we left!
We had lunch here and loved it.  I had the Sudjuk, a spicy beef sausage on a roll with hummus.  Very good.  My son had a kids plate.  The presentation was very nice on the kids plate, and his chicken tenders were very good.  He didn't want them, so I ended up eating them.  There's a small grocery section and we bought some fig preserves imported from France-- hard to find.  We'll probably hit this spot again next weekend.
I can't say enough positive things about this place. If you live in the EV, and are tired of Chili's, Applebee's, etc, you owe it to yourself to try Pastis. 

Although this is my first review, I use Yelp religiously on my iPhone to find great dining, no matter where I am. Try the Madrid sandwich or one of their stuffed burgers. The crepes will hit your waistline, but are some of the best I've had (I've eaten crepes at probably 10 places in Paris)
Excellent food and even better service.  These guys are like a hidden gem in Gilbert and I would recommend this place to anyone.
Here's a great, affordable place to eat.   The food is VERY good, very fresh and great presentation.  The staff takes pride in their establishment, it's clean and pretty chic looking.  The music was even 'chic', minimal jazzy European techno.

To top it off, I had the best turkey sandwich I've ever had there.  It was the Monte Carlo.  As best as I can tell it was quality turkey, lettuce, tomato, balsamic vinaigrette, bacon, a little mayo,and some kind of nuts on some very good bread.  

My girlfriend had the Portabella Delight, which was Portabella mushrooms covered with Hummus and Feta Cheese, with some nicely sauteed veges on the side.  Little pieces of toasted bread  on the side drizzled with Olive Oil...  She said, "It was perfect!"

For the two of us, we both had satisfying portions with coffee and iced tea and it was just 21 bucks. 

I will definitely go back to Pastis.
A breath of fresh air in a community unduly laden with Applebee's and Chili's. This place is worthy of local support for various reasons.

1) It's locally owned and operated.
2) Relative to other local offerings it offers something uniuqe.
3) The menu is solid.  Each sandwich or dish ordered was tastefully arranged with each ingredient complimenting the other.
4) Incredible Crepes.
5) Live music on the weekends that actually isn't that bad.

Here's to hoping that this place grows and finds a permanent home in the East Valley.
great place...food is always fresh, hot, and so so yummy....we order at least once a week for lunch and have been there for dinner...great great addition to a much needed area of town that has slim to none on restaurants worthy of spending your money at anymore...look forward to dining here for a long long time..
I have been to this restaurant 3 times in the last 3 months.  I cannot emphasize how great the food, atmosphere, serving staff, and owner are.  The salad is fresh.  The meat is regularly tender.  The sandwiches unique and delicious.  Even the dessert crepes (you get 2 with one order) are devine.

It is a welcome change from the chain restaurants all over the area.
stoped in for luch today first visit very quaint had the tuna salad lots of fresh vegtable great salad dressing good service.....................
Really cozy atmosphere! If you wanna try something new try the cevapi(chevapi), I went to Bosnia this summer and its the best cevapi Ive been able to find around here!! I also love their crepes! If you like to cook like I do you will also love that they have a little market area with food and prducts from Europe.
Yesterday Toni and I went to Pasti's Eurogrille and Delicatessen. Not too many grilled items, and the market area gets smaller and smaller for each of our visits.  However, it's still a very pretty restaurant, with a slightly dark but comforting interior.  Thankfully, our frequent  visits are not about the market, or the classy and roomy interior, or even the ruggedly handsome owner of the restaurant Luca. It's about the Food!

I guess my lunch was pretty straightforward. I had a Palermo, which is genoa salami, cold smoked pepperoni, ham, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato & "special sauce" (tasted like a savory vinagrette). It came with a fruit cup. The sandwich was very hearty, the bread rustic, and a simple but satisfying lunch. Part of me was proud of going for healthy in eating the fruit cup, but then the cynical part of me reminded myself I had drank about a gallon of Sprite, which I can only assume is not that healthy. Definitely one of the better sandwiches I've had in the Valley.

Toni's lunch on the other hand was spectacular. She had pasta di diavolo, bowtie pasta with spicy italian sausage, fresh basil, crushed hot red peppers and creamy marinara sauce, sprinkled with fresh parmesan reggiano cheese. Wow. That sauce was what made this dish so heavenly. Toni let me finish hers off, but she is pretty light on consuming sauce so when it came to my time to step up to the plate (call my agent but let me assure you I consider my comedy routine an art form and not mere entertainment) I noticed there was a good portion of pure, unadulterated, heavenly sauce. With a frenzied look in my eyes, I spoon up the marinara , consume it feverishly, and eye with resentment the glistening remains of marinara on Toni's fork.

Pasti's Eurogrille and Delicatessen really elevates my mood whenever I go. Besides the food, there is a very welcoming atmosphere here. It's the only restaurant we go to where we are encouraged to play Boggle! Luca said its because they want to create a relaxed atmosphere where people want to go to hang out as much as to eat. Mission accomplished.
I've been meaning to write this review for a while...

I love seeking out those special locally owned places to eat with my boyfriend that we can make our "go to" place when we want to grab a bite.  Pastis has never let us down.  Delicious food, a great selection. The first time we ate there I wanted something light.  I ordered the grilled balsamic portabella and boy oh boy was it really yummy!  I ate every bite and knew we had found one of those places we would be returning to.  The service is great, the owner is a really cool guy and yes he is charming as Phillip R. said.   The atmosphere is very comfortable and classy.  It has that special something about it.  We have recommended it to our friends and they agree with us that Pastis is the place to go when you want delicious food, a comfortable atmosphere and great service.
Went to Pastis in January and was terribly disappointed.

The service was awful; the waitress could not answer any questions about the menu.  She took our drink order (waters and beer). She brought our water and another couple came in(grand total of 3 couples in the restaurant).  The waitress then proceeded to take their order and spent 15 minutes with them bringing them different samples of beer.  After that she delivered our drinks and finally took our order.

When she initially took our drink orders (not our food order)she told us that certain appetizers were 1/2 price.  When we received our bill the appetizers were not 1/2 prize.  When we asked she told us the appetizers had to be ordered befor 7pm and we didn't order until after 7pm.  Of course we didn't order before 7 pm as she had spent 15/20 minutes with the other couple letting them sample beer while we waited to place our order.

The food was barely passable.  I asked the cook/chef LOL about the crab cakes and he assured me that everyone loved them and they were made in house.  Turns out the crab cakes were the 2nd worse I have ever had.  Either they were terribly made or they came out of a box frozen.

Also found out almost all the desserts other than the crepes are not made at the restaurant but are bought from somewhere else. As bad as the crepes were, they probably should have been bought somewhere else too.
The food here is really good! 
We sat outside on the patio. I liked the set up and the server was very friendly. We ordered our cocktails and took our time ordering. The waitress was very accommodating and not at all pushy. 
We decided to order two sandwiches and split them. The first was the Athena (hot pastrami) Rye bread with marinated slaw, melted Swiss cheese & French mustard. The other was the Madrid (prosciutto & Turkey) Multi grain bread, sweet mixed greens, basil pesto aioli, tomato & homemade mozzarella. We ordered fries with one and slaw with the other. 
The Athena was really good, it was kind of spicy and I really liked that. The fries were homemade and had a sprinkling of cheese on them. 
The Madrid was really good as well. The slaw however, had a lot to be desired. It was soupy and nothing special. 
This is a great place to have a relaxing lunch and just enjoy the great weather. (Hurry before it gets too hot!)
we went here tonight for dinner, and i thought it had a lot of promise.  i wasn't really hungry so i ordered off the kids menu.  they charge you 2$ more and apparently give you more food.
i ordered the mac and cheese.  when i got it, it looked like cheese soup with some noodles in it.  it tasted very bland and like they had used american cheese.  i guess i was just expecting something on the kids menu to be a smaller portion of adult food as it is as most other places.
my family had a burger and pastrami sandwhiches.  the burger was pretty bland.  the sandwhiches were described as 'juicy', which was another way of saying soggy.  the fries had zero crunch, and about equal amounts of flavor.
perhaps the only good things were the coleslaw, which had a bit of apple in it, and a tiny sample of their soup of the day that i got.  it was cream of spinach which i didn't think would be good, but was actually quite delicious.  i wish i would have gotten that instead.
i think the only reason i would go back is to try their crepes.  i'm always a sucker for nutella and strawberries.
Just had lunch with the girls at Pastis. Sandwhiches were delish, dessert was better. Being that it's 72 and sunny in the Valley, we chose the patio, and it was just beautiful. Can't wait to go back!
I am really really trying to like this place.

The crepes are fantastic
The french Fries are very good

The sandwiches are great, but this brings me to my first complaint.

You cannot get them after 4pm on Friday and Saturdays. This is a Major problem for me, because thats when all my friends want to go to happy hour there, and it is a shame because that is the only thing I have found there that is worth the asking price (other than the crepes.)

I know it sounds like something small, but for me it is nearly a deal breaker.

 I ordered the steak once (16-17 bucks) and to be honest it was disgusting. It was way overly fatty, and the marinade was way too strong. I nearly sent it back.  one of the other people in my party also ordered it, and said he had better steak at a waffle house, and that is something coming from him, he is an accomplished eater haha.

I ordered the Stuffed burger once, and it was also not that great, and overpriced. The redeeming feature was the fries. I could not persuade myself to eat the whole burger, it just tasted off, and had something that was crunchy in it, it was weird.

The crepes, fries, and sandwiches are great, and the service is always really good, and so is the environment.  If they ditched the after 4pm thing on the sandwiches,  I would eat there once a week, instead of once a month.
I went to Pastis for dinner tonight and wasn't disappointed. Being a vegetarian I am never sure what choices I will have when I go someplace new. This menu had quite a few choices. I ordered the portabello burger, which came with homemade fries. Normally I don't eat fries but these were so good I easily ate half the serving. The burger was also very good and very filling. 
My waitress was friendly and attentive. My water glass was never more than half empty. And she was very accommodating when I asked if I could replace the mayo-type sauce with hummus. 
I highly recommend Pastis for dinner. I want to try going for lunch next time. They have some lunchtime-only sandwiches that sounded delicious. 
I also want to mention that the music was excellent - courtesy of Putumayo. It complimented the restaurant's casual European ambiance.
Sandwiches are amazing
Yesterday a girlfriend and I popped in for a late lunch...We were trying to decide where to meet up and I found this place on Yelp, so we decided to give it a shot.  It's an okay looking place-not fancy or trendy by any means, just a small mom and pop looking place.  Which I don't mind as long as the food is good.  

We ordered the hummus which was a good portion and comes with spongy, semi toasted bland bread.  it's a very light hummus, lacks in flavor a little bit, but that I didn't mind so much because that's the bad thing when eating a great hummus...you walk out smelling like...well, HUMMUS dragon breath lol.   

My friend had the chicken caesar salad (which was huge) and she didn't really say much other than the dressing was really oily, so I can assume it wasn't all that great.  I had the turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich.  I cook a ton, and make a pretty mean sandwich, so this sandwich was nothing special.  It was like something you would pick up from a gas station.  Cold, non toasted submarine bun straight out of a bag.  Crumbled beyond recognition, old tasting bacon stuck to the the top of bun with mayo from the jar, a piece of lettuce, tomato, and some middle grade deli turkey. The avocado was the  only decent thing on it. Came with coleslaw or fries, and I'm trying to limit my fried foods, so I opted for the coleslaw.  It was peppery, and not my favorite at all.  KFC has better coleslaw!  If you want a good sandwich-just go anywhere else but here!

At least this place had a full bar and we made up for it with great company/conversation, as well as a few martinis (which were just so-so) my girlfriend had to add sugar to her lemon drop.  The bartender didn't quite have her acid to alcohol ratio quite right.  I don't know about the other things on the menu, but I sure as hell don't want to find out!
The seating at the bar is nice when the weather permits. Food is OK. Everything is the San Tan Village area is "chain food", so a somewhat decent place amongst the others. Staff is not very friendly at the bar. Unfortunately not a lot of choices in the area, having a patio makes this place a better option than many of the others.
Since my visit to Paris over a year ago, I have been hesitant to have my way with a(n American) crepe. One afternoon with the food network changed my mind. A quick call to the husband and a colorful pep talk in the car, we decided to give Pastis a try. 

The first thing I noticed was the owner! Everything my fellow yelpers have said (and moaned) was true! Quite the stallion! 

Service was awesome. Friendly. Not overbearing. 

Cocktails were fruity and fun. The food was yummy but completely wiped from memory once the nutella and banana crepe (under $6) hit the table. Poor hubs barely got a nibble. 

We're heading down for happy hour this week! Seems like a deal!
I felt let down by my fellow Yelpers tonight.  After reading smashing reviews, my hubbie and I tried out Pastis for ourselves.  

We ordered the hummus.  It was so bland, we started referring to it as "chickpea paste."  If it wasn't for the block of salty cheese embedded in the middle, it would have been inedible.  Plus, on the website's menu, Saturday from 4-7 is happy hour and the hummus is supposed to be $4.  We were charged the regular price of $6 at 5:50 on a Saturday night.  (http://www.pastisaz.com/happyhour/)

I had a Barcelona sandwich.  I'm a vegetarian, and there weren't a lot of options on the menu for me.  I'm also allergic to avocados, and without the avocado on this sandwich, it's nothing special.  I thought that they would have beefed it up a little to make up for the lack of avocado, but a skinny sandwich did it make.  And the bread was yucky.  The fries were good though.

Hubbie's dinner was the Pasta di Diavolo which he thought was just okay, and definitely not worth the sixteen bucks they charged for the bowl of pasta (and nothing else to go along with the bowl of pasta).  His comment?  "It was a little better than Fazoli's."  

The service was decent.  It wasn't fantastic.  One thing that still bugs me is that I have no idea how to pronounce the name of the establishment. When we walked in, they didn't say "Welcome to Pastis!"  It's not like there were ten other people in the place either.  

To sum it up, we would definitely not recommend this place to any of our friends, and we will not be returning.  Wasted forty bucks.
Although still pretty good, the dinners we've had here that were sublime have downgraded to satisfactory.  This might be why after trying to stop by last night that Pasti's is now closed.  It was a nice run, and I'll miss them.
Had a great sandwich to go here one night...but its closed now.
Good bye Pastis, we'll miss you...
I've had lunch here and diner both times were very disappointed. Service was lacking in the FOOD just not taste good.
Not particularly attentive staff, poorly cooked red snapper (batter like concrete), slow turnaround between order & service. Won't be back.
Fantastic meal and interesting menu.  I would be happy to return here next time I'm in Edinburgh.
I have been passing this restaurant frequently. It seems always busy. Finally, my friends' visit gave me an excuse to try it out. It was their last night in town, so I was happy to discover the food was really delicious, the view of the castle spectacular, and the whole experience - memorable. On the downside - the noise level was a bit high, which is my overall complaint with so many places in the UK. How one is supposed to have a meaningful conversation when it is hard to hear your own thoughts? I guess you end up shouting more, which just adds to the noise level.
I went back to the Outsider recently for the first time since I graduated from Edinburgh University in 2005.  Luckily, it remained as good as I remembered.

The warm and lively atmosphere was a welcome break from the snowstorm outside, and immediately I started to feel at home.  A glass (it was lunchtime, or obviously we would have ordered a bottle!) of very nice and reasonably-priced pinot grigio later and I was feeling even better.

As I scanned the menu, all the great memories started to come back: from the CHLs (Chunky Healthy Lines - usually a kebab type thing with pitta, vegetables and dressing) to the yummy fries.  I ordered the lamb and venison stew which was mouthwateringly good.  My companion had the ribeye steak, which although not my favourite cut, was well-cooked and juicy.

And when I got the bill (unfortunately I was the one paying), it was definitely not an unpleasant surprise.  Well worth it for the quality of food and service.  Highly recommend and wish I still lived in Edinburgh so I could go here more often.
I've read about this restaurant many times in City Guides and recommendations about Edinburgh. It's a lovely restaurant, the first thing that struck me though was the dark lighting. I can see what they were going for - the mysterious dark look, but it was too dark! I struggled to navigate my way around the restaurant and had to use the candle to read the menu!
The food was delicious, very 'foody' (for the use of a better word) and tasty. I can highly recommend the fishcakes, they were the best I've ever tasted!
Before I actually came here,  I was told it's one of those arty new restaurants, with minimalist decoration, and apparently the owner didn't approve of people hanging their coats on the back of the chairs and they were quickly taken to the cloak cupboards. 

So walking in I was expecting a "too-cool-for-you attitude"
How wrong I was.

The menu is interesting (for a change), and it gets a revamp seasonally. I had the pigeon dish (can't remember what it's actually called but chose it mostly because it had a warning about containing gunshot) and on a different occasion had a kebab dish- both delicious! They have platters to share as well. The cheese selection is decent and their homemade bread is too moreish. 
The interior is mostly dark. However, this doesn't make it a dark place, instead, the glorious view from the enormous windows of the lit-up Castle outside.

The service is layed back and chilled but efficient and professional at the same time. On both occasions I had dinner there with my family our waitress (a different girl each time) was lovely and very friendly. And they didn't take our coats (they offered but it was not compulsory).
Only thing I can hold against it is the noise level gets really bad because the ceilings are so high- at times it gets hard to talk at a normal volume.Also, it is a bit pricey but the portions are huge,the quality is great and they have a great lunch deal. It's cheaper (about 6-10 pounds for a main at lunch and about 9-15 pounds for a dinner if you skip out on drinks/starters/dessert so not too bad for a proper restaurant) .

To sum up I absolutely love this slightly different restaurant and it's ideal for a special occasion or to just treat yourself and your friends/date.
I've walked past this place loads of times, and yet never felt the urge to wander in and try it. It always just looks a bit too "style over substance", as if there's not much to it aside from a slightly pretentious-sounding menu.

Today, however, I was proven wrong. I went for lunch with some friends after finishing our exams, and I was really impressed. The food was gorgeous, and surprisingly good value for money. I had a smoked trout salad on a bed of mixed leaves, with a mango and yoghurt dressing, whilst my friends had the home-made chilli burger with garlic fries. It was all really well-made, and really nicely presented too.

That said, the waitress did do the one thing that is a pet hate of mine in restaurants - she started clearing the plates away before half of us had even finished. I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit obsessive about manners when it comes to food, but it still got on my nerves.

Apart from that though, I was pleasantly surprised and I will definitely be going back.
The outsider seems to have scrubbed up nice since my last dine here ( a number of years ago). Confidently designed with its dark coal decor and stylish appeal, there's always the lingering doubt that its mere style over substance.

The Outsider seems to have the latter covered to a successful degree as the barnsley chops I tried, with a lovely goats cheese dauphinoise, was excellent. My opinion is admittedly complimented by a cracking view of Edinburgh castle available from the rear of the restaurant, making the whole experience unique to Edinburgh.

Worth a try.
One of my most favourite, favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. I can't even remember the amount of times I've been here, but I'm suspicious that they inject the beetroot coleslaw that comes with the chunky healthy lines dishes with some kind of addictive ingredient, that makes you desire pink strips of amazing coleslaw day and night. I'll be highly surprised if anybody else is weird enough to have beetroot coleslaw cravings, but there we go. 

You can rely on several things about The Outsider. It's always busy, and therefore has a great atmosphere, the food is consistently tasty and brilliant, and it's effortlessly cool and style laden at all times. It's also reasonably priced, so you can have a few glasses of wine plus some food without worrying too much. 

The Outsider always has a really good feel about it, and it has steadily remained popular over the years. I usually go for any of the chunky healthy lines, which are basically skewers speared with different food items, ranging from scallops, and salmon to lamb meatballs and chicken pieces. There are no official starters, as you're encouraged to share the CHLs, and there's a good variety of meat, seafood and veggie dishes on offer for main courses, and always served in pretty generous portions too.
The Outsider is a really great restaurant located on George IV Bridge.  It would have to go on my list of favourite places to eat in Edinburgh.  Although I've only eaten here once, I'd definitely go back when finance allows.

The outside of this establishment says cool and stylish.  The inside matches this, and does not disappoint.  This was the first ever place where I was given some bread and that oil/balsamic vinegar mixture to dip it in.  I was slightly confused to have been given something that I had not ordered, but I was glad to discover that it was complimentary.  I had the steak as a main course, which was brought out very swiftly, and was very tasty.  The restaurant was quite busy when I was there, and so it's perhaps not the place to go if you're looking for a quiet romantic meal.  That said, I did not feel lost in a sea of other customers, and was efficiently taken care of throughout the course of my meal.

The Outsider provided me with a meal that I still remember, and that shows how much I enjoyed it.  This is not a regular occurrence for a restaurant.  I have recommended it to a number of friends, and I look forward to my next visit!
Again, still very good, but they never took my lighting suggestions on board!! what's up with that?!

the food still is amazing though, you cant deny that
The reasons I have fallen hook, line and sinker for The Outsider:

It's a neighbourhood restaurant where locals and families go to eat.
It's opposite one of my favourite bars and pre-club venues - Villager.
It's decorated tastefully with rustic wooden tables, patterned cushions and hints of colour.
It has a private booth that seats four to six.
It has breathtaking views of the Castle.
It has a fab wine-list including one of the most beautiful and berrylicious Shiraz I've ever drunk.
It serves totally delicious food - my favourite dish being the grilled hallumi kebabs with pitta, coleslaw and salad.
It has sugar-rushing deserts that match the flavour and intensity of the wine. 
It has friendly and efficient staff that don't mind if you stay one hour or three. 
It's named after Albert Camus's classic existential masterpiece.*
 

*If it isn't named after Albert Camus's novel, it probably takes its name from Francis Ford Coppola's equally awesome 80s movie.
The perfect venue for a first date. I've been on several and this is the best place to go.  great view of the castle, food that you can share, friendly staff, well priced lunch menu and a tres dark interior in case your date isn't up to scratch :p
One of the better places to eat in the city. Quality food and amazing views of the castle. I have found the caliber of beef in Scotland to be a bit suspect, but the steak sandwich here was incredible. The service was also very friendly.
How ironic that a restaurant named 'The Outsider' made me feel anything but 'outside'. From it's warm wooden decor, friendly waiting staff, to the absolutely outstanding food it left me feeling like I was an insider to a delicious secret.

Well, something about it still felt secret despite that it is evidently very well-known to be a top-quality restaurant, serving wonderfully cooked food at very moderate prices. It was packed both times I went, and I get the feeling the staff are very used to being rushed off their feet. I think the reason it still felt 'secret' is because it didn't have that over-done, tired, and 'standardised' feel a lot of 'good' places can adopt when they become too big for their boots.

I have waxed lyrical for two long paragraphs before even getting to the juicy details. This review is turning into something of a love letter to the Outsider. So let me try and keep the rest brief.

I came for lunch, without a reservation, and despite that it was packed, only had to wait 5 minutes. The front of house waiter was incredibly friendly and charming too, despite it being so busy. I was impressed.

The food. Oh yes, the food. For £7 I had hot smoked salmon with a lush horseradish sauce. It sounds simple, but it was dee-vine. Even the bread and olives we had to start were dreamy. Still warm from the oven, freshly baked, and with a pesto olive oil dipping sauce. I could have happily eaten a whole meals worth of just the bread.

Considering I have had a few bad dining experiences recently where I paid £10 for a frozen patty burger made of 10% meat, the food here seemed really good value for the quality. Some of the mains on the a la carte menu were around £14 for chargrilled chicken. But I saw some of these being brought out to a table nearby and immediately had food envy. I must come back and try these.

The restaurant was buzzing, had a great atmosphere, the service was very friendly and professional and despite being rushed the quality never slipped. The food was some of the best I've tasted in Edinburgh so far, and I couldn't recommend it enough. 

It would make a wonderful place for a date, a birthday meal, a catch-up with good friends, a Sunday night treat. If you like lush dining in warm, friendly and very trendy surroundings, get yourself into the Outsider now.
We couldn't see the view because we were placed on the street side.  So apparently you need to request a view when you make reservations, or be prepared to wait a bit.

The food was quite good--we both ordered the skirt steak.  The problem was that we ordered medium rare, and one was bright purple, while the other was slightly more cooked.  We decided they should be sent back to be heated a bit.  They basically threw both back in for the same amount of time, and they came back half the size and one was medium and the other was medium-well.  I'm typically not very picky and I don't think I've sent any food back in about 15 years.  I ate the overcooked meat and my girlfriend shared her slightly-less-cooked piece with me.  

It was very tasty, and I assume the cooking issue was a one-off mistake rather than a reflection on the restaurant.  But I certainly can't give this place too high of a reco.  I did like the service a lot, and felt good when the waiter confirmed that our steaks did indeed look undercooked by stating "that's not rare...that's blue!"  Our appetizers were good and the bread was tasty I think.
So I came back here wanting to show my dining partner, whose first time it was to Auld Reekie, the best the city has to offer. In all my previous experiences, I loved that the Outsider doesn't toot its own trumpet too much but had excellent food, great ambience, and most of all the views from the castle.

So why, pray tell, have I taken down a star? Ok it pains me a little. The ambience was still spot on. It was dusk, the sun was setting, the candle light made it cosy. The waiting staff really were excellent, super friendly and with just the right amount of care and attention without being over-bearing or neglectful. We got our view by the window over the castle (when you go make sure you request it!) It was reasonably priced. And the food was still good, but it wasn't great.

Five stars are for when my socks are blown off, put back on and blown off again. Like, faultless. And I must admit the main I had was delicous but not the best prawns I've ever had. I had the chicken and king prawn thai skewers. They were really tasty, a huge portion too, with a novel pitta bread stuffed with beetroot coleslaw. But they lacked that chargrilled taste I'd hoped from skewers, and there were only two prawns on the whole two skewers, and they were a little mushy. Ok it's a small details. The rest was great. The bread and dip - yum. The side of mushrooms - yum. The side of garlic fries - a little underdone but yum.

The rest of the menu looked fantastic too! And I do love it here, and I will be back. But hopefully next time I'll be looking for my socks at least three tables away.
I'm sorry, but this place was not as good as it seems some people say it is. Good points are, food was good and there is quite a good view of Edinburgh Castle if you are seated near the back of the restaurant. That's it, I'm afraid, for the good points.

First of all, if you're looking for the place on a recommendation, you might find it difficult to spot. The front of the place is pretty much lacking in any noticeable signage. If you look closely, and I did, but still had to have the name pointed out to me: there are two columns of wooden tiles between the windows, and on them are dark letters spelling out the word OUTSIDER. Other than that, you'd be excused for thinking that the place was going through a renovation or something. 

Inside is very light and roomy and the tables seem to be randomly placed between all the wall tables and booths. The manager that meets you at the door seems to have his head somewhere in the profit books as he shows you to a table, you know, just not quite giving you all his attention. He also looked like he'd slept in, with his hair dishevelled and chin unshaven. The grandpa shirt tops of the look of art student in fourth year at art school.

Once seated you are handed a photocopy of a menu. Not a bad idea if you update your menu everyday, but, some ink in the photocopier would be a good idea too. I have good eyesight, but half the menu was totally illegible to me. Most of the menu was in a small type but there was something handwritten at the top. This was totally unreadable.

I managed to find something that sounded nice so I ordered it and it was very well cooked and tasty.  It wasn't a huge portion but it was charged as a full meal.

I have given two stars, one for the food and one for the castle view.
Excellent restaurant. Consistent quality. Buzzy informal atmosphere.
I'm not sure I know what "modern European cuisine" means, but if this is it, I am a fan.

Close to the Grassmarket, but away from the tourists, this is a handsome restaurant with a great view of the castle from the back windows.

My son and I split the skewers for an appetizer.  Then he had a skirt steak and I had fish.  Add a couple of Innkill & Gunn beers, excellent service, and a cozy atmosphere, and we had a great first night in Edinburgh.

We liked it so well that we went to the Apartment Bistro, run by the same proprietor, a couple of nights later.
It's back up to the sexy five stars after my most recent lunch here.

When a friend asked for my recommendation on where to get lunch, and knowing said friend is perhaps more of a fine food aficionado than I am (a hard thing to do) I did proffer several suggestions of my favourite lighter eateries in the area. But The Outsider came up trumps, despite that their menu isn't available to peruse beforehand online, as their menu is seasonal fresh, and ever-changing.

We arrived at 12.30pm and it was almost empty. By 12.45pm it was full. Luckily, as we hadn't booked. But my advice would be to book or arrive early! Read my earlier reviews for a description of the atmosphere and setting, but it's basically very lovely, modern, stylish, warm and wooden with beautiful views over the chimney-topped Old Town and Castle, but as Anna F has said despite it's style it still has substance.

I do like their CHL (Chunky Healthy Lines) which are grilled skewers but it took me a good 10 minues to decide what to have. The waiter was very bouncy, friendly and good-humoured after he asked us for the third time if we were ready to order. Torn between the lamb burger with an intriguing sounding rhubarb and ginger chutney, the sea bass, the bream salad with quails eggs, and the chicken I opten for the CHL spiced lamb meatballs that are served with a pitta and coleslaw. My friend had the CHL haloumi and vegetable.

And oh, what lamb meatballs they were. Ironically we had just been discussing lamb, and vegetarian diets, and I had explained as much as I love animals...I love lamb (nom nom, not pet pet). This lamb had SO much flavour. I had also asked for a side pot of the rhubarb chutney, rather cheekily, and they were more than happy to oblige. I couldn't actually taste the chutney with the lamb as that beautiful lamb meaty flavour was so overwhelming. But alone, or with some potatoes, the chtuney was also very unique and different. I've never had rhubarb in a savoury dish before, despite that is is a vegetable. It's this sort of quirky, never-tried-before, nature of The Outsider menu that I like.

The portion size was very hearty too (or Chunky as they describe it). Five huge meatballs, new potatoes, cherry tomatoes and spring onions, on a bed of salad. And a really kick-start coffee to follow. Pleasant surroundings, very pleasant conversation, a super pleasant waiter who had a 'thing' about saying 'baawwwwwllls' in a funny accent whenever he took my order and served my meal. It made me laugh.

For really lovely, fresh, seasonal and Scottish food in a very trendy, stylish yet not too pretentious restaurant, slap-bang in the middle of the Old Town, head in to The Outsider.
We had dinner at the outsider on a bit of a whim, not having been able to book any other nice restaurants on our only dinner night in edinburgh. We'd booked for 20:00, but showed up at 19:00 and they had a table for us. A lovely one, in the back, with a view of the castle. The menu is simple, and everything looks delicious. Every single dish i saw coming out of the kitchen, I wanted to taste. Everything we had tasted amazing. For the first time in my life, I left the potato skins on as I ate the hand-cut chips. The whipped cream that came with the chocolate cake was made with molasses. For the first time ever, I did not ignore the cream. I ate it. It, too, was delicious.


 With a flagon of wine one entree to share, a main dish for each and a dessert to share, our bill came to about £60 for the both of us. Given how delicious the food was, we were ready to pay more. 


 The next day, as we chatted with our host back at the house we rented a room at for the night, we discovered that he and his staff all strongly recommended the outsider, and that another couple staying there had also dined there the night before, as happily as us. 


 I'm already looking forward to going back to the outsider for dinner. And I live a five-hour train ride away. Yes, it's that good.
Happy Tourists!  Just in town for one afternoon/night, we came here on the recommendation of the Hotel Missoni bellman.  Great recommendation.  He suggested we come early for a table with view of Edinburgh Castle, and we were seated right near the window.  Delicious, crusty yet soft-centered bread with pesto for dipping. They have "lunch" specials till 5 p.m. We arrived just before that, not by design, and lingered over our drinks and dinner for nearly two hours, but didn't feel at all hurried by the waitstaff despite our prime window spot for two.  We squeezed in a lunch order of sea bass just before 5 to share as a starter (delicious) with a nice pinot grigio, then shared a dinner (because we weren't in a rush to decide, and so many things sounded good!) main course of puisson stuffed with couscous and accompanied by hand-cut chips, along with a side of risotto (not on the menu as a side item, but they accommodated us).  Very nice staff and ambiance, loved the view, and the food and wine were great. We didn't have dessert because we were too full, but the offerings sounded intriguing--figs, polenta cake, etc.  Lunch prices are very affordable--fresh sea bass for 7 pounds, for example.  If we get back to Edinburgh, we'll make a it a point to visit again.
A great gem of a restaurant in the city centre. Really excellent (and for lunch great priced) food. The Outsider is upscale casual meets modern European at it's best. Sure it's a bit overly crowded (there probably should be 20% fewer tables), but the service is spot on the food was among the best I had whilst up in Edinburgh. Great location too right on George IV bridge.

As for what to order, the chunky healthy lines are massive, great if you are starving. I had the chili beef salad which was very well prepared and tasty. My friend's sea bass was elegantly presented.  Even though they charge extra for bread, it's worth the 90p splurge as the bread is freshly baked and really delicious. The lunch specials were all reasonable with most mains in the 6 to 8 pound range.

Next time I am definitely ordering one of their burgers. They look amazing!
This restaurant has a casual yet sophisticated vibe to it. If you are lucky enough to get a seat near the windows you will have an amazing view of the Edinburgh castle. 

Hubby and I went for an early dinner and were able to take advantage of a special for Duck confit with squash puree as well as a prawn and salmon salad. We also ordered a side of garlic fries which were really yummy. I found the rest of the menu a bit limited and would have probably rather tried the lunch offerings but we missed the service time for that.

Tip: if the pudding menu doesn't tickle your fancy head down the road to the Vittoria* Gelato/Ice cream window
*Thanks to Jenny L. for the reminder on name of the place =)
Every time I come here I eat something different, and it really does warrant a new review in and of itself. Read my previous reviews for a general sense of my adoration for this place: the hustle and bustle, the views, the central location, the ever-changing menu.

This review alone is for the burger.

Finally I got to try The Outsider burger. Despite that their menu changes frequently (so frequently, in fact, that it isn't listed on a website and the only way you know what you'll be having is by going there - something I rarely do being an online menu stalker). But regardless of what other dishes are on offer, the beef and chilli burger is always there.

When a very good friend came to visit after a years' absence, I took her here for a nice lunch. And we both got the burgers. Served on that wooden board that is *SO* hot right now, the burger itself was far too plump, juicy and tall to be eaten with your hands. As a result, I just ate the bottom layer of the bun with the burger itself, with fork and knife.

Oh my. What a burger that was. The cut of mince meat they used was fantastic, there was no trace of oil, grease or fattiness, no gristle at all. All pure mince, with mustard seeds, chilli and other delicious flavours strewn throughout the patty. Served with garlic butter on the bun, this wasn't ideal for me to be honest, and with garlic mayo on the bun. I prefer to add my own mayo. But hey, the burger itself was too good and I ate it anyway.

It came with fries and came to £7.50 Not bad, not bad at all. Definitely one of the far better burgers I've had in Edinburgh, but paying the same price as everywhere else. Normally I eat burgers in gastropubs, and as this is a restaurant, the quality and care in crafting the delicious orb of meaty goodness shows. 

The only problem is, the other food they do here is so good I will be eternally torn between what to order next time.

If you want a really tasty burger, and want a nice restaurant place to go for lunch or dinner rather than a pub or diner, definitely seek this out. Yum.
Thanks to Jenny L. I took my parents here when they were in town for a couple of days and, man, this is impressive.

I begged the manager for a window-seat, claiming everything from far-sightedness, to parents-in-town, and managed to get it!

Let me tell you, sitting at the window at night overlooking the castle is a pretty damn cool way to convince your parents that you've picked the right city to live in. 

Now, about the food: I had the salmon-beetroot salad and fries, and man, was it delicious. I don't know how they did it, but they'd infused the salmon with beetroots somehow, I forgot to ask, but it was the most delicious salmon salad I've ever had in my life. And that's saying a lot, since I used to live in Santa Monica, and Seattle (both having easy access to vast quantities of this delicous fishy). They combined it with watermelon, spinach, and various greens and it was just to-die-for. I know that both my parents enjoyed their meals so much that their plates were absolutely cleaned out. 

Not only are these rather reasonable prices (mains from 11.00-19.00 pounds) the quality that you get for this price is absolutely insane. I'd definitely recommend this for a visit and I'm coming back again soon!
Dear Outsider,

Today is Valentine's Day, and therefore a day to express your true feelings for those most special and dear to you in your life. And you, dear Outsider, hold that place in my heart. 

Is it because of your 'playing-it-cool', nigh on playing 'hard-to-get' attitude with an exterior that gives nothing away, and almost an entire lack of your own name on your building? You're most modest it would seem.

Or is it that once you see past the grey, nonchalent exterior you find the most opulent, vibrant, welcoming and warm interiors, with some of the most gorgeous views over Edinburgh Castle?

Or is it because you are always new, never bored and staid and same-old. Your menu changes every time I am here. Always a surprise, a new twist and turn; something to thrill and delight. Like that pork cheek I had last night, and the baked figs with amaretti for sweet seconds. You popped my pork cheek cherry and I liked it.

Or is it most of all, because it's the little things that count, that your bathrooms are scented with a heady incense? I do like a good perfume.

That naked chick on the outside with the big bajongas isn't half bad either. But that's just being superficial.

You have not once let me down. Whether it's been for a mid-week lunch, a weekend date, a Sunday night family dinner; you always deliver. A reliable lover but one that always surprises, say you'll be mine? 

Always and forever,

Jenny L
The Outsider was the one restaurant that stood out from my two days in Edinburgh - and not in a good way. The food was expensive, but it wasn't even that good. The one thing that I really liked about this restaurant was the extremely comfortable booth. I think I could fall asleep amongst those pillows. Also kudos for using actual stick candles. As for the food, the portions were big, but the combination of flavors were confusing and all over the place. 

For starters, we had the slow roasted pork belly, dauphinoise potatoes, buttered greens, and shallot gravy. It was better than my main course, which was a pan roasted cod fillet with salmon, chilli and coriander potato cake and a mussel salsa. The cake was very grainy and the cod was completely dried out and lacked acidity. It was one of the few times when I left food on the plate. One highlight from dinner was the olive oil that accompanied the bread. 

I haven't tried much modern European cuisine, but if The Outsider was a good example, I don't think I am a fan.
Informal yet classy, just like moi. Central location on George IV Bridge, reasonably priced food with a nicely balanced menu, stylish but comfortable interior . . . I really cannot find anything wrong with this place.

I try to divide my luncheon life between Treacle and the Outsider, with the occasional sidestep to Dogs or even a shimmy towards somewhere else, but pretty much these three places have it covered, depending on the end of town in which you find yourself.

If you're lucky they'll give you a table in the window with a view across the Old Town. Lovely spot to drink some wine and enjoy the food. I mostly go for lunch but when I've gone for dinner I always start with the large skewers which are good for sharing. Monkfish and bacon skewers are always popular. In fact the general mix of dishes makes it a great place to bring guests. It's always top of my list to recommend to visitors.

And would you Adam and Eve it but they possibly do the best burger in town. I always say I'm not going to get the burger as the place is too stylish to order such a déclassé dish, but their chilli burger with gruyere cheese is fantastic.

I do have one gripe in that they don't have an online menu, or indeed a website (a cardinal sin in my book), but I forgive them. While the menu changes, I know the standards just about by heart. Well, it's not that difficult to memorise "Chilli burger and a beer, please. And can I have the table in the window?"
Tempted by the ever-changing menu specials, I finally came here on Valentine's day to satisfy my curiosity.

The atmosphere here is lovely, and the service doesn't lack. They have a nice, reasonably-priced wine list too.

I was put off by having to pay for an order of bread -- that's unheard of to an American -- but when it came I forgot about the piddling £1.30 or however much it was, because the bread was amazing. As was the olive oil they served with it. Really, really nice stuff.

Both of the mains my husband and I ordered were really delicious -- duck for me, pheasant for him -- but I would have liked a bit more mash and greens to round out the meal. I felt a bit hungry as we left. I don't think I'm greedy, I just eat a lot! We probably should have ordered appetizers but I didn't think we would need to, and I didn't want to drop £5 on an unimpressive dessert menu.

Overall -- a great place to take a date, with creative and tasty food.
In my 7 years of living in Edinburgh i had always been meaning to visit The Outsider but never quite got around to it, until this weekend. My Dad was visiting me and so took me out for lunch, perfect opportunity.

The staff were very friendly, if anything a little too laid back, but can't complain. The menu all sounded delicious and i opted for the salmon fishcake served with mussels (only 3 but still good) and a poached egg on top, i would definitely have this again. My Dad had an aubergine based dish which was also delicious and we shared a side of garlicky fries.

The feel of the restaurant is very contemporary and chilled out. Although it was pretty chilly in there so next time i might wrap up a bit.

To finish my Dad had a passion fruit tart with rhubarb, obviously i trid some then regretted not getting one myself. I had a cappuccino which was sprinkled with shaved chocolate, always a good sign in my book.

I will definitely be back here again soon! :)
Came in for dinner last week with a buddy of mine as I knew that it was a solid eaterie, plus his wife thing (she's lovely really) is allergic to (get this) apples, pears, strawberries, other berries, snozberries, most other fruit, tomatos, grapes (so no wine) and of course lactose. She can have Gluten and nuts which makes me think she might just be crazy. Her favourite meal in the world is pizza but it might kill her....

Anyway,  we had to find someone that wasn't too "tomato-ee" for her. 
This was a good bet.

The chunky healthy lines made a great starter for me and man-friend, and a great main for wife-thing. The rustic bread and olive oil we got with it was delightful. 

My mail was some coley and frankly a nicer piece of fish I have never had. My only slight complaint was that the salad and potato that came with it were a bit frugal. The piece of fish was a bit wee as well (if utterly delicious) which basically is a bit upsetting when a chunky healthy line is HUGE and cost £3 less!

Anyway it was a great experience. Staff were great and helpful and nice. 
We enjoyed it and my mates wife didn't die.

Solid.
Had been wanting to try The Outsider for awhile (saw they could do gluten free) and after soaking up some culture after day 2 at the museum, I had the chance.
The blackboard specials looked promising and the prices did too with many dishes priced between £6.80 and £8.00 at lunchtime.

I had hoped to get a table with a view over to the castle as I had my mum visiting but we had a table at the front which turned out to be fab! The window seats are uber comfortable with masses of pillows.

I had the mussels in a cream sauce with parmesan, bacon and onion and for a nice change they came with chips instead of bread. My mum (it was girly Jubilee weekend) had the pork belly in a red wine gravy with sweet potatoes and she said it was fabulous (I didn't try as I'm Gluten Free and wasn't sure it was safe).

Both were huge portions and we both loved our dishes. There were tons of mussels (only a couple closed) and the pail of chips seemed endless but fab with just the right amount of crispiness and some garlicky salt seasoning.

The Outsider was very busy - staff were friendly and seemed to cope. I would definitely return for dinner as the food is fab and drinks are reasonable (£4 a glass if wine, £2.50 for coke) but this is a great place for a post museum lunch!
Pretty much any time someone asks me where they should eat in Edinburgh, I say The Outsider. For lunch, for dinner - it's perfect. The food's always great, the staff are lovely, and the venue is elegant and has great views over the rooftops to the castle. We sat at a window seat the first time we went, and I think it was love at first lunch - I've just hooked on the place ever since. 

I've been there for work, with friends, with family - and regularly for lunch with Jason when we're in town. I'll confess I do order the mussels 98% of the time, because they're amazing, but I have tried other options and it's always good! At lunch there are specials, plus a list of eight-or-so regular options, all reasonably priced. In the evening, it's fun to start with the chunky skewers to share. And do get the bread and olives - giant, luscious olives and hefty chunks of bread. 

I'm hungry now....
I find myself always slowing when I walk past this place as I used to be SO intrigued by it?! What looks like an apparently 'nameless' restaurant on George IV Bridge....... with a lovely chalk lunch menu outside and what looks like a lovely air-y space inside.

I ended up *finally* getting to go to the Outsider as a wee treat before leaving Edinburgh, and I gotta say it was the perfect choice!!! This place is elegant but laid back, the food has a good modern twist but it presented a little slap-dash and slightly rustic which I quite liked. The service is friendly and I found myself wishing I had come here more before leaving!

My Pigeon with Serrano Ham with a mix of beans and beetroot salsa was heavenly!!!? I only wish I had been a little more hungry and had some starter and dessert! From what I can gather the menu seems to change very frequently which I think is fab. I would definitely go again for dinner and I have heard that the lunch offer is ace!
This place is a gem. Great space, great views, great service, great food, great prices.

We had a wonderful dinner. Started with olives with fresh baked breads and a rocket/parmesan/pine nut salad. Next, my wife had a skirt steak with chips (I think they were cooked in beef drippings...great flavor) and I had a mushroom, prosciutto and pea risotto. We finished with a chocolate/espresso pave and a chocolate pot with poached pear. Our dinner was accompanied by a very nice Montelpuciano (Note: the wine list is dominated by a very good selection of screw cap topped wines, and wine service consists of the bottle being set on your table -- fine by me). Everything was absolutely delicious, and the bill was only 65 pounds.

Oh yeah...As other reviewers have pointed out, this place is non-descript from the outside, so you could miss it...but that's what addresses are for. :-)
The food tasted great, but my burger was more of a meatball than a patty. Eating it was a physical challenge which was a shame because it was so good when it finally engaged my taste buds. The service was so-so. I felt like the place was trying so hard to be hip that it was going to have an seizure. The details about it being very loud are not kidding. Do not go if you are looking for a quiet place to chat.
After moving to Edinburgh, I had heard so many great things about the Outsider that it stood out in my mind as an alluring, perfect restaurant with a great atmosphere, stunning views, friendly staff, and outstanding food. With building suspense, I visited the Outsider for the first time tonight with my boyfriend and my parents, and it fully lived up to my expectations! 

I had the grilled monkfish skewers with rolled bacon and grape tomatoes, with salad and a fantastic beetroot coleslaw (I'm not usually a slaw person but this was amazing). My mother's salmon was perfect and plentiful, grilled with sweet beetroot and piled high with a salad. My boyfriend liked his porkbelly with scallops, and my father liked his mackerel (although the mackerel was a bit of a small portion compared to the other dishes, we had more than enough food with plenty of salmon and monkfish). We had a candle-lit table by the window with fantastic views of the castle and a lovely dinner together here!

Although a treat and a bit more expensive than I would spend on everyday meals, they were absolutely delicious and also had great lunch / early evening deals (£6.50) lasting until 7pm for those with tighter budgets.
Wining and Dining
Castle view cannot be missed
A date Anyone?
Came here for lunch twice in 2 days and would come tomorrow if I didn't have to go home to London. Excellent service coupled with high quality and varied dishes, wine and dessert.
Ideal for a lunch date, first date or taking your granny out for a treat.
This restaurant was recommended by our hotel. It was our first night in Edinburgh and we were looking for a fun restaurant. We didn't have reservation but we were seated right away. The restaurant's ambience is very nice and lively. We were seated near the front door but I noticed that the better view is all the way in the back where you have a better view. 
I noticed that the servers were all very busy and always in a hurry. I should have picked up on it that service will be very slow. And it was. It took awhile for our food to come out. We were going to order dessert and asked our waitress to bring us the menu. We waited and waited and didn't get the menu. So we just decided to ask for our bill so we can pay and get out of there. 
The food was not good. My boyfriend ordered the skirt steak and I had the pork belly with scallops. There was hardly any flavor in both. The quality of the meat used in the skirt steak was poor. We found much better restaurants in the area.
One of Edinburgh great opinion-dividing restaurants, The Outsider is a love or hate place, as shown by the reviews, here. The view Edinburgh Castle is impressive, so it's a good daylight dining choice. The lunch is competitively priced. It's very popular, so a booking is required. But it all felt rather passé, to me, and both dishes that I had looked rather better than they tasted.

Overall, we said: "I didn't have a particularly strong reaction, for or against the place. My abiding impression was of a restaurant that was a well-worn favourite for many of its patrons, with all the positive and negative connotations that that brings. The owners and staff members know what they're doing, and they're very comfortable with delivering it, but it felt like a place that had been trapped in aspic for a little too long. But if it ain't broke, don't fix it, as they say, and based on the crowded restaurant they had, today, their model still strongly appeals."
A few months ago, when I was living in Edinburgh, I went to The Outsider for lunch after walking by and seeing their chalkboard menu from outside. Deciding that I liked both the price and the selection (and their kir royale drink special), I went in on a whim. It was a few minutes before noon, and the restaurant was very quiet. I ordered the kir royale I was hankering for, and a lentil and goat cheese salad. Shortly after, the restaurant began filling up with other patrons who also seemed to enjoy a lunchtime drink. The noise level rose, but not to an overwhelming level, and I was soon placated when my food came. 

I admit that I've never had a better salad. There were perfectly cooked lentils, briny, creamy goat cheese bits, and delicious crunchy greens in a light vinaigrette. The kir royale was also lovely. I escaped with only an 12 pound bill, and decided that I would return soon.

Not one to break my word, I have returned two times since, once for the venison ravioli, which was a little bloodier tasting than I would have liked, and once for the baked gnocchi with pesto, which did not disappoint. 

I would highly recommend The Outsider for lunch. Their lunch menu is reasonably priced, and the food quality is excellent.
Absolutely lovely. 

The CHL (Chunky Healthy Lines) are where its at. The name (at first) threw me a bit. Chunky and Healthy? In a line? I do not understand. But with a bit of explanation I came to learn these were juicy, tender skewers of multiple varieties (I had the monkfish), accompanied by lovely sides (think sweet potato, pita with cabbage slaw, etc). Delightful, filling and...indeed, healthy! 

Sides: roasted kale (with a kick, whew!) and the walnut apple salad (really nice). 

The foggy mist created a "ghost castle" effect -- very beautiful view from the back of the restaurant's windows. The lighting and ambience are subtle, yet...perfect. Candlelit, clean rustic feel that is both contemporary and classic feeling at once. Comfortable. The din never too loud, but always cheerful. Tables turned all evening. The staff is gorgeous and competent. 

Dessert: a fresh plum tart with spicy ginger ice cream. Heavenly 

Not a missed step all evening, perhaps they could've upsold me another glass of Forge Mill rose (light and frivolous was the description -- indeed!) had they asked --- but this only allowed me to save room for an espresso martini, which propelled me through the rest of the evening, night and into the morning...as it turns out! 

Will surely return when in the area -- a real treat.
This restaurant has always stopped me in my path, pulling me in to peer through the window. I don't know what it is about The Outsider but I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to eat here this week! 

Boy it took me a while to decide on what to eat. I wanted everything! My chicken and prawn kebabs in a peanut and lime chili sauce accompanied by salad and apple and beetroot coleslaw tucked inside pitta bread from the Chunky Healthy Lines menu was sooo tasty  and filling! 

I really shouldn't have had dessert but when I saw the tray with poached pear in plum sauce and pot of chocolate moose being carried to another table, I was having what she was having! It was heaven!

This is my new favourite restaurant. I love the decor and lighting, the staff are friendly and the menu offers reasonably priced, fantastic dishes! Now to work my way down the list of choices...
Had an awesome lunch for 3 on holiday in the UK at the end of March 2013.  Great garlic fries.  Wonderful mussels (plentiful and a nice broth).  Had a great pork loin dish that really hit the spot, my wife's pasta was superb.  Fresh ingredients, efficient service at the busiest time of the lunch rush, nice, hip, bustly and pleasant atmosphere.  Very reasonable prices at lunch, too.
I do not have a bad word to say about this lovely restaurant. I went there last night for my birthday dinner with my fiance and my dad and it was fantastic. The staff were friendly and efficient. The starters, mains and dessert were all delicious. I particularly enjoyed the polenta and rosemary biscuit that came with the poached pear and chocolate pot. The guinea fowl was lovely and tender and the chorizo and squid salad had a nice flavour. There was no loud obnoxious music and although the tables were quite close together, the high ceilings made it feel spacious and not claustrophobic. Good value for money. Would definitely go again.
Service was really quick and efficient. We had the duck and it was a bit tasteless. Beautiful location however we didn't get a table with a view. Had young families and old couples a like having dinner. Definitely worth having a look at as the area is lovely, in the Old Town.
Me encantan los restaurantes en los que no sabes muy bien qué vas a comer, porque la carta depende mucho de la temporada y cambia cada día. Al final, de lo que te entran ganas es de ir sin parar, sobre todo si la comida es tan buena como en el Outsider. 

Yo comí unos deliciosos gnocchi con parmesano que casi se me saltan las lágrimas, y la verdad es que nos pusieron un vino blanco que estaba espectacular. Me quedé con ganas de probar el postre, pero nos dieron una mesa con una vista preciosa del castillo de Edimburgo que alimentaba cuerpo y mente.

Muy recomendable, y muy popular, así que se recomienda fervientemente reservar. Incluso para las noches de diario.
Very decent food with fabulous atmosphere. Perhaps slightly over-minimalist, but that's not the end of the world. The food is good -- if not fabulous -- but nothings' bad at all. 

The downside is really inconsistent portion size. Some of the meals will leave you hungry while others are seriously overstuffing. 

Is it niggly? a bit, but the portion sizes are really varied -- some of the lunch mains should really be called starters.
This was the second best meal that we had on our 31 day trip around the UK and Spain (the absolute best was the restaurant inside the Bilbao Guggenheim museum).

I suppose it's odd to start out with saying that this was a "second best" meal, because honestly, I still think about the fish I had at The Outsider--it was perfect!  It was both attractive and delicious and creative (there were sea vegetables decorating the outside of the dish that perfectly complimented the fish--and it was nice to look at).  My husband had the pigeon, which was also yummy, and we split a salad to start and the plum tart to finish.

We also had a wonderful view of the castle (and our waitress was nice enough to take a photo of us with the castle in the background).  We liked this restaurant so much that we were tempted to just eat here throughout our stay in Edinburgh.  Although we had other nice meals, this was, by far, the best in Edinburgh and the best meal we had in the 2 weeks we were in the UK (including time in London).
We stopped in here after reading up on the Yelp suggestions. The reviews we mixed and I'll admit our is as well. The chorizo and squid salad was good but we found it missing something. The squid didn't absorb the great taste of the chorizo. Too bad because the sausage is really tasty.
My main was the lamb and feta balls. I really liked it but love the taste of lamb. Sandra was less of a fan. Her sea bass and scallops was good but lacked enough sauce to make it all the way through the meal.
In the end, the tastes were really good but each meal was about 90% of perfect.
Great food, a nice vibe, and a staff that went out of their way to accomodate us - twice! First time we went and didn't have a reservation (recommended) but they fit us in at a very busy time. Next visit, we showed up on time but met up with 2 friends there who had a reservation for an hour later. Could they get us all in at the same time at the same table? Yes!
Really liked the food and the presentation. The cheese with the crusty bread (app) was wonderful as were the olives.
I was looking for a restaurant reviewed by a Yelp friend when the clouds opened up and I ran into the nearest doorway only to find myself in The Outsider, the restaurant I was looking for in the first place.  

The host was super friendly and seated me in the loft upstairs which boasts terrific views up the to castle.  I ordered grilled mackerel from the daily set menu.  It came with a rocket (arugula) salad and other nice, fresh veg.

I have been a little wary about mackerel in the past, expecting a strong, oily fish but this one was flavourful with a nice crispy skin.

Service from Ms. Emma was quick and friendly and I was able to enjoy my meal in less than an hour and get out to an early evening Fringe show.
Excellent food and great wine list, 
Only let down by slight over cooking and waitstaff forgetting I wanted the dessert menu. I always want dessert.
This is a definite treat restaurant for me. Bigger prices, smaller portions, but I find that when food is this good you don't need as much to fill you up - every mouthful counts double.

It's stylish inside - chic yet welcoming, with a very cosy looking alcove for super-intimate celebrations. My friend and I came here on a special occasion and were delighted to be seated next to the window, looking directly across the rooftops of Edinburgh and onto the castle. The views only got more gorgeous as the sun went down.

Last time I was here a while ago, I ordered the gnocchi, then told my waiter I might go with the risotto instead. He confided that he thought I'd be better off sticking with the gnocchi, in his opinion. (I love it when wait-staff are happy to advise on the food!) Well, this time I bravely sallied forth and had the risotto, for comparison. The gnocchi had been delicious, but the red pepper and walnut risotto was actually more to my taste! Perhaps it was a little more punchy and obvious in the flavour, but that's right up my street, and the texture was perfect.

Our desserts had just arrived - plum tarte tatin with vanilla creme anglaise and ginger ice cream for my friend, vanilla and raspberry pannacotta with pistachio biscotti for me - when I blinked and everything got darker. Oh no! A power cut!

Actually, it was sort of lovely to have a candlelit dinner and the restaurant looked stunning in the low light. However, we'd been there since six o'clock. The poor people who had only arrived for 7 or 7:30 were shortly to be informed that no more food could be served.

The waiting staff immediately set about the task. Our waitress had been a cheery delight right from the off - we'd commented to each other on it right away - and now was exactly the same as she went around each of her tables in turn, explaining the situation apologetically and totting up bills with her iPhone. Almost everybody responded with equal warmth and moved on perfectly happily. I do hope nobody was unkind to the staff since it wasn't their fault at all.

She came to us last, which we were perfectly fine with, since we'd been fortunate enough to actually have our full meal (at one point I heard her say to a table she'd just dealt with, "Now then, where shall I go next? Who looks angriest?"). To our amazement, despite what must have been a nightmare evening for her, she'd also remembered everything we'd had. She even knocked our teas off the bill as an apology for the circumstances - which was lovely, although not necessary. My friend summed it up as we left: "I don't think I've had such a fun night in ages!"

So if you go to The Outsider, obviously you can't expect a power cut. But you can expect obscenely good food, a beautiful setting, and superhero service from start to finish regardless of the situation.
Delicious food ! The specials change and are really unique and tasty. They say it's all local , which is great. Really nice atmosphere ! Potions aren't huge but great Great lunch prices and perfect size for lunch! Defiantly coming  back
The Outsider is a place that you plan to go to, not simply walk by and stop in. And this is for good reason. The food is excellent. This was the second lunch here for my wife and me. Our first time we had just walked in, and had to wait a bit for a table. This time we took the wisdom to phone ahead for a reservation. 

As you'll read in many of the reviews, The Outsider is a modern restaurant with chic interior and great views of the castle and the Old Town. This contrast in decor and the historical surroundings gives you a feeling almost as if you have travelled from a medieval city into a cosmopolitan restaurant of the future. However, while many of the 'restaurants' within a stone's throw of the castle serve up steak pie, balmoral chicken and fish and chips (all of which I love at the appropriate time), The Outsider focuses more on a Renaissance of the taste buds rather than traditional Scottish fare. 

The wife and I have been highly attracted to the lunch menu prices. A meal and a drink for two would only just push you over the £20 mark. In fact, without drinks, you can eat for just under £15, even with a starter. And when you compare that to other restaurants considered to be more affordable at lunch time, then I think I'll pay a 1 or 2 quid more and have a much better meal. 

Each time we have been here the restaurant has 3 specials served 12-7pm added onto the regular lunch menu served 12-5pm. My philosophy is that if one of the specials appears rather appealing, then I'll have that and try a regular menu choice later. I did that again this time and  the duck special with Parmesan mash potatoes, purple broccoli and black pudding, drizzled in a very tasty sort of creamy raspberry sauce. It was really good. If I was a better writer I would describe it in bigger words ;) 

While I would say that the food and decor were excellent, I was slightly less impressed with the service, and I do mean ever so slightly. The staff are very friendly, don't get me wrong. The two times I have been here we have had servers who spoke fluent english, but, however, they had problems explaining what things were on the menu. In fact our most recent server had to go ask what some of the items were on the regular menu. I feel like any staff at a restaurant should be able to describe and explain exactly what a dish is and what is in it. 

If you're planning an afternoon in Edinburgh, then you should definitely stop here for lunch, especially instead of any of the other well spoken of restaurants even on the same street.
What a lovely restaurant recommended by our B&B. Meals are made from scratch with fresh local ingredients. 
The place is in an unmarked building with a bicycle in front. Make sure you make reservations. The restaurant gets quite busy. We were only able to walk in to get a table because we arrived really early in the evening.
We were put in the front in a comfy window booth. It felt private yet we still could see the rest of the restaurant. I think they have tables in the back with a spectacular view. Request one of those.
I really enjoyed my mussel appetizer.
My Pedro Ximeniez and dessert sampler were standouts as well.
Eat here. You won't regret it.
The outsider is a pretty trendy restaurant situated on George Aye Vee Bridge. Pretty trendy, but never style over substance by the looks of things. From one visit I deduce they have a competitively priced guest wine of the day, pencilled into the list much like a food special (has anyone been two days in a row to verify if this is legit?!). The evening I went it was a lovely Viognier, a carafe of which was expertly and effortlessly dispatched.

But I'm getting slightly ahead of myself... 

Considering that the booking was made a generous two-an'-an-odd-bit weeks ahead, and that they have tables with castle views, we were really disappointed to be tucked away at a dinky little table in the corner of the mezzanine level. Butted up against the wall, our view consisted of the diners downstairs through a glass partition.

I had a starter of portabello mushroom with an exotic cheese I hadn't heard of (and neither had the waitress, but who other than that was knowledgeable and attentive). It was OK, the mushroom had been fired directly on the hob presumably and at any rate tasted a little of gas.

My main of roast lamb however was absolutely gorgeous. Caramelised on the outside, melt-in-the-mouth on the inside (pretty pink mind, but that was fine by me). The accompaniments were spot on too.

The way they've done the menu is quirky but not sure I would go as far as to label this place an 'outsider' of the trade. But for gastronauts or those out to impress a date it is definitely worth a visit.
Great place to eat with nice views of Edinburgh Castle. Nice atmosphere with candles in each table. Not many options for vegetarians (4 mains only).
Lovely restaurant. Been here a fair few times over the past few years and it's always been great. 
Getting a table with a view of the castle is well worth it if you can. 
The staff are really nice and very accommodating. 
I remember the first time I went they had homemade gnocchi with cavolo nero, which was just perfection (as great as all the other dishes have been, they've not quite hit the mark as that one did...)
15-16 George IV Bridge, EH1 1EE. Lamb rump with the perfect au jus and duck leg with wilted greens and pumpkin; seasonal, juicy, and always busy (reserve a table ahead of time if you can + 0131 226 3131). It is one of those places that does not advertise (no website), but delightfully romantic and lively atmosphere with real wax candles dripping from wooden blocks and the most delicious chunky bread to start from a bakery called DoughReMi.

Emily Rose Reeder
Friendly service, creative menu and delicious dessert. Really happy we stopped in for dinner and would highly recommend anyone checking it out who enjoys unique food and a great ambiance.
Table was booked for 9.30, arrived to be told our table was not ready and we would have to stay next to the door until it was (there is no bar). We get our table at 9.45, menus are already there. 10 o'clock we order, to only then be told this that and the other are off the menu, no starter for me then. At this point we make sure to tell our server our last train is at 11.30 and we cannot miss it. 

We place the order and for 20 minutes we wait, wine in hand. Our server approaches the table to apologise that there will be a further delay before my date gets his starter, only for it to appear in the hands of another server while she's still talking, where is the communication between kitchen and servers??

The starter was very nice, or so I was told, not exactly as described on the menu, but it tasted nice nonetheless. 

10.50 our main courses arrive (remember our train is at 11.30 and it's a 10-15 min walk to the station). One plate of sea bass, one of sea bream... Only problem is I ordered the duck...

"I'm very sorry sir, I have no idea how this happened." Again, where is the communication with the kitchen? Oh yes, we were duly informed the kitchen is 3 floors above like this somehow would explain everything!! What would I like instead? Well the only non fish item left is the pork, so I'll go with that. 

The kitchen promises it will be ready in 6 minutes... and we'll order you a taxi to the station. 

11.10 my pork arrives (by which time my other half has finished his fish, so it might as well have been two separate meals). Along with my main comes the promise of the taxi in 10 mins, the bill right away (I can't even finish eating before paying for it) and 'do you have coats?'

The bill arrives, everything is in it, even the pork that I didn't really want and have just wolfed down, and no mention of the taxi being complimentary. A few stern words with the manager later and the pork is off the bill, but still the taxi to pay for. Off we rush, getting on the train with 5 minutes to spare. 

Now, where was that dessert menu?
Damn this place has it GOIN ON for lunch! I've been backpacking around Europe for the better part of a month and this is easily the best meal I've had. Definitely a big emphasis on fresh modern fare which I enjoyed, and the price point for lunch is spot on. Spent like £12 for an entree (chicken, hella bomb), bread (pretty good frickin bread I might add), and wine which is INSANE for the UK. I spent the same amount for a pint and some s***** fish and chips down the road. A must visit if you're comin thru Eburgh. Absolutely going there again for lunch tomorrow
I tried this place for the first time at lunch on a busy friday (graduation day) and was very impressed. The lunch menu is very reasonably priced, the food is fresh and exciting, the staff are professional, efficient, friendly (not to mention all incredibly easy on the eye), and it's jut a great space to relax in with some great views of the city if you're near the back of the restaurant. Make sure you order a side of olives, these were hands-down the best olives I have ever eaten. To cap it all off they make fantastic coffee - it's remarkable to me how many places will get everything right with the food only to ruin it at the end with a bad coffee but these guys nailed it. Will most definitely be back.
Great hotel!
This is a great hotel, just a 10 minute walk from Edinburgh castle, 20 minute walk from Waverly station (take a cab if you have bags, as it is uphill) and close by to some of the large businesses of the area.
The room was fantastic, great size, recently refurbished in great style and the price was even better!
I booked online and used their summer saver type rate, 89GBP B&B.

My only disappointment with this organization was that they would not honour my customers negotiated rate without using their travel agent.  Not a problem this time as the summer saver was the same price as my customers rate, but out of season I may have to use the Hilton instead :(
This is a nice enough hotel with excellent service, but I felt it was way overpriced for what you get.  I was staying with a platonic friend, and they only offered rooms with one not very large bed.   The internet connection (wifi and cable in room) is pretty slow and unstable, and cuts off every 30 mins.- I couldn't check or send email the whole time I was there (3 days).  There are only 4 or so channels on the tv, no movies.  No gym or spa, yet the price was $250 a night. The food in the restaurant was nothing to get excited about.  The bar was quite nice, with a very efficient and friendly bartender who also was our waiter in the restaurant.  The location is pretty good.  It's an ok place overall, but for the money I would go elsewhere.
Ate their for the 2nd time on Friday.

Stunning food, I had the smoked eel and then the pork shoulder! Two great dishes!!

Also sampled the beef and snail salad! Superb!!
I went for lunch here after they sent me an email with what seemed like an amazing lunchtime deal. And as much as it kills me to quote my mother, if something seems to good to be true then it usually is. That was definitely the case here. Don't get me wrong, it was nice. But 'nice' also applies to your friend's boring girlfriend, or the jumper your gran gives you at christmas and is desperate to hear your opinion of. 

First off, I think it's really cheeky when restaurants charge you for a basket of bread. Especially when there's only one slice each, it's not even that fresh and it costs £3.50. For that price i could have bought myself a glass of wine, and i know which one of the two i'd have preferred!

We were ordering from the 'Du Vin Or Not Du Vin' menu, which gave us the choice of 2 courses for £10 a head, or 2 courses with wine for £15 a head. At first glance, it all sounded very tasty and exciting... but it was effectively just a list of your bang-average pub dishes described over 4 or 5 lines, with at least half of those words being in various foreign languages.

My boyfriend had steak and chips (which, incidentally, wasn't cooked the way he'd asked for it) and I had mussels and chips in a really bland cream sauce with some green bits in it, although if they were herbs I couldn't taste them... now you understand why they have to dress it up so much on the menu! In the ten days since we ate there, I've completely forgotten what we even had as a starter - read into that what you will.

Long story short, I ended up paying almost £50 for a meal that they make you think will cost £30. More annoyingly, it was a meal that I could have got in pretty much any of the half dozen pubs within 20 metres of here, for a fraction of that price and with much better atmosphere. I don't mind paying a lot when it's actually worth it, but I just got the feeling here that they were trying to get money out of you at every available opportunity, with all their sly little extras.
You can quite easily walk past this hotel because it sits quietly on the road, minding its own business. But when you take the time to go in here, wow. It's so chic, really really modern and trendy, a place for professionals!
The hotel rooms are lovely too and it is in such a great location for first-time visits to the city. It has everything you would want from a hotel!
They have a really good wine bar, Du vin, which is a great place to spend the evenings!

There are usually good deals on the internet for this hotel too, worth a look!
Du Vin is the wine bar in the beautiful hotel, Hotel du Vin. It's uber classy and ultra chic. My sort of place!

There is such a great mix of people in here , professionals just getting a drink with a really laid-back atmosphere. You;re not pestered by sleazy guys spilling their beer on you whilst telling you about their amazing job and fast car etc etc.

it's a really classy wine bar, and the wine is chilled to perfection. They really know their stuff!
Hotel du Vin is one of the newer culinary, wine orientated kids on the block in the old town, and it certainly looks the plush part, with the immaculately finished, rustic, French kitchen-esque restaurant space, teamed with a really tasty, and also French themed food menu.

I've been here for dinner a couple of times, and a couple of dishes have really stood out, namely the crab and chips, and at times you can't beat a good old rib eye steak, which is also a brilliant option here. The dishes stick to fairly classic formulas, but have enough variety to be universally people pleasing. Prices are reasonable for the quality of the food, although they definitely couldn't be classed as cheap. The wine list is extensive, and there's a mezzanine bar and a cool whisky snug where you can enjoy a drink afterwards, plus a cigar shack if that's your thing.
Don't know what the food is like, but I have to say as a review on staff. 5 stars!

Was recently in for a Christmas Fair and must say, really nice people who work here! Also I really like the atmosphere and design of the Hotel. The entry way is a really nice touch and is pretty at night! I'm surprised I hadn't been in yet! 

I recently booked my parents into a hotel, but now that I just went here I wish I got them a spot here so I can visit!
I wanted to save some of my review for Hotel du Vin to outside of the Yelp event that I attended recently. It first caught my eye with the window display of wine casks that made me what to squash my nose up against the window in an alcohol-induced frenzy, but I was with people, too sober and too self conscious with a dash of 'how clean are those windows' thrown in to boot. Nonetheless, it had reached my subconscious that I wanted to return. Little did I know that this would be via a Yelp event, but it was a great introduction to a place that I definitely have plans to return to to test out their menu. We were delivered canapes as part of a wine tasting event - if that is the quality, then I won't be disappointed, especially in the cheese stuffed profiteroles... sinfully good. 

We were given a nice little tour of the hotel - the snug, a nice wee place to indulge in a whisky with friends (yup, I can picture long nights of drunken scheming and finagling taking place in here), the restaurant complete with wine theme, and a fantastic overtop bar with a great view of the diners below. For the somewhat closeted geek in me - loved the wine pull (treat wine like beer! Imagine the lockin fun with that!), the seriously over the top wine tasting room with custom built tasting station (and very bad fake stone wall paper). 

And that brings me to the parts that make me cringe - the fake stone wallpaper took a rather funky tasting room (next door to cellars I would dream of owning) and added a layer of crass. The chandelier made out of nasty looking wine glasses just further contributed... and the mural of Burke and Hare in the function room was just seriously awful. If those were accidentally burned in a freak accident, I wouldn't miss them. That would leave the much better parts of Hotel du Vin, including the super lovely staff (Nan the manageress and Seb... a fantastic speaker, raconteur and sommelier) to do nothing but impress.
Never fails to impress! Lovely food, better wine, delightful staff! So friendly and helpful, I guess you're paying for it but that's why you go here! You know what you're getting, always good, lovely atmosphere, well done hotel du vin.
The Hotel du Vin is such a cooooooooool place.  The setting is gorgeous, they have a really swish smoking shelter with a fire which makes me want to take up smoking (joking!), an amazingly fabulous whisky snug, and a cool wine glass chandelier.  

I booked in here for afternoon tea with my mom, attracted by the interesting G&T(ea) option.  We actually decided on the bubbly accompaniment, but the cocktail did sound tasty.  

We arrived to a lovely little setup.  There were two parties who had booked in for afternoon tea and we each got our own little tucked away corner to enjoy ourselves.  This was great because it allowed us to chat and stay for ages.  

The downside started when we waited quite a while for the very rushed/harassed bartender (on a Monday afternoon) to come and ask how we would like to receive our tea (we asked for the bubbly last, but got it first).  We then waited for what felt like too long again before actually receiving our tea and nibbles.  

The nibbles were... meh.  The sandwiches were fine though pretty uninspired.  Ham, cheese, and salmon.  That's it.  We then each had two scones (one fruit and one plain).  I never understand when they give you two full-sized scones and often wonder if it's a cheap way to fill someone up?  The dessert tier was pretty lacking.  I tried everything and while half of the desserts didn't seem terribly fresh, the other half were just relatively tasteless.  

So, the setting was fantastic but the actual afternoon tea itself left me feeling pretty "meh" about the whole experience.  

I would come here for a drink but would look elsewhere next time I feel like afternoon tea,
I hadn't been to the Hotel du Vin Bistro before, as I typically avoid hotel restaurants; they are frequently both lazy and expensive, depending on their captive audience of business residents dining on expense accounts. However, we had a party of five during the festival, and other choices were in short supply. We booked for 18.45, and on arrival we were shown to a very nice semi-private area with a view on the kitchen. Really nice. 

We made our choices from the supplied menus, noting that the food was, indeed, quite pricey, with separate sides required for most main courses. On her return to take our order, we were informed by the very pleasant waitress that several items were no longer available. Surprising, given how early we were, and disappointing that we weren't informed before choosing. I had selected the steak haché, but the rösti that was meant to accompany it was going to be replaced with fries, and I didn't want that. According to the waitress, the batch of rösti made in the morning was sub-standard, and there was insufficient time to make more. 

The standard of food was generally good. The starter of French onion soup looked and tasted delicious, with a thick crust of cheese, and the Heritage Beetroot and goat's cheese salad received a quite positive reception. 

A main course of seared salmon on a bed of warm salad niçoise delivered moist salmon with a lovely crispy skin, though the salad was rather over-filled with olives for my taste. Our accompanying wine, while good, was also expensive. 

The disaster, though, came when we ordered petit fours with our coffee. We were told that we'd get three pieces, so we ordered three portions between us. When they were arrived we were presented with three identical plates, with three pieces of deep fried Mars bar on cocktail sticks. The appearance was awful, the taste was worse, and we had them removed from the bill. Aside from the prices, the rest of the meal had been reasonable, the surroundings and service were good, but the petit fours left a very bad taste. Unfortunate end to a pleasant evening.
It's too bad you can't eat the Posh here.  Beautiful room, nicely decorated, with an upscale cozy lodge feel.  Unfortunately the food and service leave a lot to be desired.  The food was edible for sure, but at the prices I would expect exceptional, or at least very good.

I had the French onion soup to start, as it was a cold, rainy night.  When it came I thought I was in for a treat, as it was covered in melty, gooey gruyere cheese.  Sadly the soup underneath was underseasoned, with none of that sweet oniony goodness and deep rich beefy flavour that comes from mountains of slowly cooked onions and homemade beef stock.  

My main was a ribeye, perfectly cooked and tasty, if a bit on the thin side (I think that's the style for steak in this country).  The Jus on the side was bland and overly thick.  The chips on the side were nice though.

For dessert I chose creme brûlée, as it's a nice indication of quality.  The custard was creamy and the perfect consistency, though it was cold.  The top was overly browned and too thick, ending a chewy mess stuck in my teeth.  Not the worst creme brûlée but well below the best.

Finally I have to call out the poor quality of service.  We were served by several different waiters throughout the meal, with the first having to read the specials off her crib sheet.  This in itself is forgivable had the dishes not trickled out of the kitchen.  Also my friend and I both ordered coffee which never came.  And finally after waiting in front of empty plates and glasses for 15 minutes or so, with two of our party having departed, I had to flag down yet a different waiter for the check, which I then had to send back to have the phantom coffees redacted.  Overall a poor dining experience, and quite a disappointment.  There are better ways to spend your money.
Fine dining as good as it gets, without the pomp or miniscule portion sizes. In fact quite the opposite. 

You simply need to walk into the Bistro to get a sense of the luxurious but slightly more laid back style of Hotel du Vin's restaurant. A real fire burning in the corner (which we were lucky enough to be sitting next to), warm glowing light and candles, dark wood, and that French style with mustard-yellow walls and many wine bottles scattered around to lend a decent air of romance.

The champagne that was suggested as an apertif was exquisite. The smoked salmon starter offering so much salmon I didn't think I would manage half, in anticipation of my main. But then, on tasting it, I proceeded to eat it all and wish for more. Until the main came. The steak main that is chopped with onions, grilled, served on potato rosti with a fried egg on top. I thought this may be the slightly less 'fine' way of eating steak. But it was potentially one of the best steaks I've had. It was still raw at points in the middle (I love my steak rare, and completely raw as in steak tartare) but had the delicious charcoaled edge on the outside. It was also such a large portion I couldn't finish it, despite practically laughing with joy after every mouthful.

In case you can't quite decipher what I'm trying to explain, the food at Hotel du Vin is du-vine (see what I did there? Devine? Ah, nevermind. Ruining a moment). There are many great restaurants in Edinburgh serving that oh-so-hot-right-now British gastro-dining, such as venison steak with kale and sweet potato. Hotel du Vin takes it back to a more continental (well, French, basically) which was a refreshing change.

The service was also friendly and attentive, without being intrusive. The surroundings and setting were quite perfect really. Given its location, in the epicentre of Edinburgh University and its students, surrounded by yoga schools, bars and soup cafés, I can imagine it being walked by. And that is such a shame, although it is the sort of place you kind of want to keep as your delicious little secret.

Next to try is the Sunday 'Le Brunch' which I hear is equally exceptional.
What a Sunday Brunch!
Great little place in old town...
Burger is spot on.
A review for the Hotel du Vin (not the Bistro, unfortunately...) 

I had a truly lovely one night stay at the Hotel du Vin -- and would've stayed longer if time allowed. It's a beautifully remastered property with all the classic touches brought up to high sheen. 

The room: a well thought out space which contained a sizable bed (comfortable), small desk, commanding wardrobe and flat screen TV. The real hit is the bathroom -- with a full-sized tub and rain shower, higher end shampoos and soaps and fluffy towels/robes. Nothing overlooked -- even fresh milk in the fridge for your coffee! 

Room service. I opted for room service breakfast and it was fairly standard for the price (about 13 quid) and included a basket of pastries (too much for one person surely!), and then selection of juices (fresh OJ!), a carafe of coffee, yogurt with meusli and fresh berry compote. Satisfying and delivered swiftly -- I found it a worthwhile investment. 

The extras: complimentary wifi (and it works!), nespresso machines in room, velvet red cake squares at reception, the ladies even called me a taxi to train station. 

The rate: 89/night (midweek, advance paid booking via web) 
*authorisation of 50 on your credit card at check-in. 

Will definitely stay again. Well located to great restaurants, Edinburgh University, great shops, Greyfriar's Bobby. 

Protip: make a reservation to eat at The Outsider nearby. Very good restaurant and literally a 1 minute walk.
There is a sense in which this place was on a hiding to nothing, from the outset, as we'd had a simply excellent meal, the night before, at Cafe Fish, with the same group of people, visiting for the Six Nations rugby. It seemed unlikely that we could hit those heights, two nights in a row.

And so it proved. I had a disappointing spinach souffle, to start, then followed with the steak hache, which was good without being particularly memorable. Service was confused and confusing, with a lot of staff overlapping and the pace of delivery rather pedestrian.

It was a shame as I really like the venue. It's an excellent marriage of old and new, and the place has a lovely vibe. Their wine list is as impressive as you would expect.

It's priced as fine dining, but the quality on offer is nowhere near that.

Overall, we said: "Bistro du Vin certainly met our post-match needs very nicely, but it didn't quite hit the heights, for me. While the setting was lovely, and a jolly good time was had by all, I'm not sure the quality of the dishes was all that it could have been."
Booked lunch here recently and had been really looking forward to this special treat, but it was a bit of a mixed bag.  Not all I'd hoped for really, especially not for the price!

Good points however included the amazing interior design of the entrance initially, through a court yard, outdoor seating and a hut with a small fire.  This space must be lovely in the summer.  Chech out the crystal wine glass chandelier when you enter reception! The restaurant was dec'd out in a french theme, lovely wooden open beams, ocher yellow walls and unique wine accessories dotted across the walls. Cute single laddie and lassie toilets with lovely hand gel and moisturiser.  The wine was outstanding, even the cheapest wine, a Portuguese red, £4.75 (!) for a small, but what else do you expect from the 'Hotel of Wine'?  The warm bread basket with butter served after the champagne was a lovely touch too. 

Bad points on the other hand, was the food!  The three course lunch was just nice, but not the fine dining experience I expected.  The starter, Alaskan prawn (with shells) and aioli was surprisingly stone cold, time consuming and a little dull.  The portion was generous, but the taste; not out of this world.  My main was Skate Wing with roast potatoes and spring leaves.  The fish was over salted and fiddly to eat, too many bones. I noticed other people here reviewing have commented on the food containing too much salt too, it's just not necessary.  Dessert was 'crunchy' apple crumble and cream, the crunchy being that the apple were a bit al dente.  The dessert was probably the best course out of the three, but nothing all that special.  The staff were generally attentive but when I asked a question about the Skate, they never returned with an answer?  I paid just under £40 for the 3 course lunch, with champagne and a small red and came away thinking I'd experienced better and wasn't even that full!
My partner had a voucher for a meal for two and we went on Friday night. The welcome at the door was great and we were shown to a lovely table. 

The waiter, sommelier and manager were all really friendly, knowledgeable and friendly. Our food was lovely - we had steak tartare and pate for starters with a lovely wine and then had a fabulous plate of hot shellfish and crustaceons with chips.

I didnt like my dessert but then I was trying something new and my partner finished it very happily. We had a lovely evening and great atmosphere.
Had dinner here with the in-laws a wee while ago to celebrate the OH's birthday. 
The food and wine were lovely, the service was prompt & friendly but I found the restaurant a bit dark despite the high ceilings. There's not much natural light & even though we were sat by the window I almost felt like I was sitting in the dark.

Next time I'd try the upstairs bar or if it's warm enough, a table in the courtyard.
Parfait. De la literie à la cafetière nespresso dans la chambre, en passant par l'impressionnante liste de scotchs, vins, liqueurs et cigares (avec un fumoir exterieur). Petit dejeuner un peu cher mais de qualite.
So this place used to be a Mental Asylum 

And now for the review... 

The service, food, standards and overall personality of this hotel make for a solid four star experience. I stayed in one of their sister hotels before so there is a faint whiff of 'chain' but certainly nothing that takes away from the experience. 

Like I said,  a solid four star experience,  that's until I strolled into the bathroom for a shower after a cold afternoon in Edinburgh... and all of a sudden 4 became 5. Underfloor heating 'ya wee dancer'!
i popped in here the other night to grab a quick drink before an elite event.  i've been to the bar a few times before, but it was nice to re-visit as it had been a few years since the last time i'd been in.  like other hotel du vins, this is a fantastic hotel!  it's located in what used to be edinburgh's insane asylum, so a bit of historic bit totally refurbished to a 4 star hotel.  hopefully without any residual inmates from the past!!

the bar is on a mezzaine level above the main restaurant, making it rather small but as cosy.  i quite like it and it's never been busy when i've been in so i've always been able to get a seat.  there are so cosy sofas for sitting and also a few small tables with chairs dotted about as well.  it's all keeping the general design of the hotel which is dark colours, leather and exposed brick.  very chic indeed.

as we were only there for a quick drink, i got a whisky sour which my drink mates had a margarita and a bloody mary.  the waiter was very friendly and after taking our drinks order brought over a pot of olives and some nuts for nibbling on.  drinks arrived promptly as well and i can confirm my whisky sour was top quality.  it went down a treat and i was sad not to have the time to get another!  similar comments were made of the bloody mary and margarita.  as time was short we got the bill and were on our way shortly after the drinks were done, but overall a lovely visit and i'll need to make a point of getting to hotel du vin again soon!
3.5 stars! Not quite 4, not quite 3.

Things I liked about Hotel Du Vin:
- The happiest morning wake up call in history - "GOOOOO-OOOD Morning! This is your wake up call, it's lovely outside, have a GREAT DAY!!!" 
- Nice toiletries and bath products, and dimmers on the bathroom for ultimate bath relaxation
- Nice selection of food in the mini bar, other than the usual suspects
- Great location in the centre of the old town

Things not so great:
- The rooms are TINY. And either really hot (without AC) or really cold (with)
- Lots of odd noises from plumbing and the likes
- Continental breakfast was amazing. Any of the cooked additions were not
- You have to pay for water in your room. This is unacceptable
- Prices in general at the bar, in the mini-bar, are really high (£9.10 for a glass of not great white wine - glad I only got one)
- Patchy wifi. Not terrible but not great. 

Overall I would still stay again, once I was feeling flush and could try my hand at getting upgraded to a bigger room!
I was sure I'd reviewed here, but maybe I've been reviewing in my sleep (again). Sleeping - now there's a nice segue to my review of staying at Hotel du Vin.

I'd stayed here previously, and was definitely tainted by that experience as I'd been upgraded to a suite. I remembered the breakfast was delicious, the bed was comfy and there was a massive claw-foot bath (which I didn't have time to use, but it was nice to look at). 

This time I was in a standard double room and the difference was noticeable as the room was quite a lot smaller. There isn't really too much else that's different though, there's still a bath (with the shower) and there's a desk if you need to get some work done. The beds are massive and you wouldn't find yourself short of a pillow. On my first night's stay I was in a room on the first floor, behind the bar and was kept awake all night by a weird plumbing noise in the room, and could also hear the person above me moving around their room. Thankfully, getting moved to another room wasn't a problem and the lovely lady on the front desk had it sorted for me in a short while. 

The room I was moved to was on the other side of the hotel, but sadly had the same plumbing noise - possibly the air conditioning? I can mostly sleep through anything (e.g. Olympic football matches) so it was annoying to be kept awake by this noise. 

My only other grumble was at breakfast. On the first day, they were able to oblige my gluten free request and I got a bread basket of GF bread as well as GF bread with my eggs Benedict. However, on the second day they were out of GF bread, and still hadn't restocked on the third day. That made me a little sad as with such a fancy hotel, you'd think they'd join the dots and get some bread in. 

Otherwise, my stay was pleasant and comfortable. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, and the barman in the evening happily kept me going with pistachios which was very kind of him. The staff were really helpful when I asked to move rooms, and I enjoyed being able to sit in the bar of an evening having a drink before going to bed.
In a world where stripmalls and fastfood joints dominate the roadside with the same, tired, homogenous, uninspired victuals, it's nice to know that there are still places where you can get a solid meal "like your mother used to make."

You know, the kind of place where a stick-to-the-ribs lunch or dinner will fuel you up for a day of antiquing or biking or touristing in quaint places like Saint Jacobs, Ontario.  

Stone Crock isn't savvy or urbane or the kind of place to impress your prom date with or get a martini, but it's exactly the right place if you're looking for a solid meal featuring almost any cuisine one could expect.  Good fare, good service, good rustic ambience, good relaxation.  In the end, do we really need anything more?
We went here as a group of 33 ladies on this past week-end, and we thoroughly enjoyed the food, and the service at Stone Crock!! The Cream of Potato soup was amazing and the Servers were consistently filling up our coffees! Big Thumbs UP! Would definitely return!
My sister and I drove to St. Jacobs and poked in the cute craft shops.  We had a late lunch at the Stone Crock Restaurant.

We both had the buffet ... it was $12.99 each.  There was salad, mashed potatoes, double baked potatoes, turkey cacciatore, some kind of schnitzel, roast beef, turkey and dressing, sausages, corn, broccoli, etc.  It was okay, not great.  The "skin" on the gravy was kind of scary.  The roast, though, was surprisingly good.

There were pies for dessert but there was an extra charge ... we both passed.

It seems to be the kind of place that attracts busloads of older folk.

Our server took good care of us.
I've been here twice. Once it was day-after-party haven, the second time it was hosting out-of-town family gold. Both times we came here for the Sunday buffet brunch. I'm such a light weight that buffets are wasted on me. The place is perfect for the ravenous though. I especially like the omelet station! There's always roast beef (a hit with the fam), ham cut to order and a massive whole salmon waiting to be dug into. The dessert selection is quite extensive though not to my taste. Endless coffee, tea and oj does the trick for me. Though there are cheaper options ($17.99 for Sunday brunch), for value, and pure 'big business in small town' feel, I'm giving the Stone Crock a thumbs up.
Keenly priced with a good selection of enterprising dishes on the menu and a reasonably well stocked bar.


 You'd not stop in for the whole night but definitely a very good option for off the cuff dining rather than a pre-booked affair.
I sang karaoke in here once when it was The World, or at least I think that was its name. I'm not sure if the karaoke nights still exist, but the place has certainly been revamped to quite a large extent, and is going for the classy wine bar feel, rather than traditional pub vibe. 

In deceivingly quite large premises on Thistle Street, Bon Vivant has the dark and mysterious, candlelit thing going on really well. I've been in here with a few friends for after work, midweek drinks, which went down pretty nicely, and the dimmed lighting and relaxed atmosphere makes you feel nice and warm and slouchy, so you get the impression that chilling with a drink for a few hours won't be a problem. Why does it seem that in some bars it would be a problem? Hmmm, in any case, there is a good selection of wines here, plus a more than average number of champagnes available by the glass, great if you're parched and feel like a glass of fizz would fill the void, but don't necessarily want to splash your whole night's funds on a bottle.
Once you step into this adorable restaurant, it will remind you a romantic Parisian restaurant that is quaint yet somehow modern. Although by appearance it is very romantic with dim lighting, candles and dark wood furnishings it is a great place to meet the girls for dinner or a drink or to have a quick meal. 

I like the concept of this menu, a great wine/champagne menu paired with appetizers, small plates of mains and desserts (though there are few items that you can get as a main course). This way you can try lots of different dishes without committing to just one dish. I'm a huge sucker for variety and this is a great way to accomplish sampling whilst dining alone.

Another huge plus is that since there are small bites, the food comes out virtually instantly. Love it! I'm usually starving so the idea of ordering and it comes out right quick is very appealing. It's quicker than a fast food restaurant.

The only drawback I think to the menu is that although very tasty, most of the items are very indulgent - either deep-fried or in pastry. I know the portions are small, but when you add them up, so do the calories and fat. However, it's not say that the food was not excellent because it was.

To top off a wonderful meal, the wait staff was very friendly and accommodating.
I want to give Bon Vivant 3.5 stars but Yelp won't let me, and I can't quite bring myself to up my review to 4 stars.  

Yesterday was our very first Edinburgh Yelpers Massive.  We had a whopping turnout of 3 Yelpers (myself included) with two Canadian non-Yelpers in attendance.  The plan was to go enjoy the couches and cocktails in Underdogs but for some unexplained reason, it was closed.  

So, we headed to Bon Vivant, just around the corner.  

When we walked in from the bright day I was immediately hit with how DARK it is inside.  That's all well and good when it's dark or dusky outside but seems a bit extreme in the middle of the afternoon.

We were immediately greeted by a waiter who handed us a wine list told us that while we were welcome to sit at any of the tables generally reserved for diners, we might need to vacate if the table was needed.  I thought that was completely fair and very nice of him to let us know the low-down ahead of time.  

A couple of us got the beers in and I was very pleased to find that the mugs were refrigerated which made the beer that much tastier.  
It didn't quite warrant paying £3.60 for said beer, but I guess that's what you have to pay in New Town these days.  

We had a great time chatting away about the kind of topics you don't normally bring up with people you've not met before, but then I can't really give the bar credit for that.  

I've heard very good things about the food and the fact that the portions are served in "normal" sizes as well as £1 and £2 tapas sizes sounds like a great idea.  

But even after all of that I just can't bring myself to give it 4 stars.  I think the problem is that it's maybe just a little too posh for me, a little too stuffy.  The staff aren't stuffy mind you, so it must be the decor I'm commenting on.  It's not very comfortable, you don't feel like you could stay for hours and hours.  At least, I don't.  

So I stand by my 3.5 stars but will definitely go back and try some of those tasty looking tapas at which point you will be hearing from me again.
I was quite pleasantly surprised by Bon Vivant. As the venue for the first Edinburgh meet-up, it had a lot riding on it. We were in need of somewhere with charm, atmosphere, and buzz but not so loud that we couldn't hear all the awesome chat. All tastes had to be catered for (beer, wine and spirits) and it had to be central. Et voila, Bon Vivant!

I admit I was biased that anywhere this central, on Thistle Street, was bound to lack any genuine personality or charm, and perhaps cater to the tourist-trade too much. But I was wrong, and I warmed to it immediately. It was all dark wood and candles. I like candles. The type of place you would feel comfortable sipping a malt on the rocks, reading many leather bound books, and quoting Sartre.

There was a relatively large list of wines that you could have by the glass = big bonus points. I also learnt my "one new thing of the day" here. "Sirrah" is French for "shiraz". So when I ordered a glass of the "see-rah" and the barman smirked and said "oh you mean the shee-raz?" I kind of deserved it. 

It's fairly big inside, with the dining area up the back. The food looked really quite tasty, and it's nice to know Emily also shared my thoughts of "oh I must come back here to eat sometime!" 

Overall I really, really liked Bon Vivant (which means "good living." Now that's you're "one new thing of the day" learned too!) And I can certainley see it becoming a go-to for a Sunday evening dinner, glass or two of wine, or quiet cup of coffee place. It's just too cosy and inviting, perfect for the approaching winter nights. The only thing it's missing is a big, open fire.
On a return visit, I sampled their adorable £1 /  £3 food menu. Yep, they have a delicious, delightful menu full of tasty treats, that you can have as starter portions, or nibble sized morsels at a £1 a plate.  After a few drinks at Underdogs round the corner, this was a much more sensible, refined and delectable option than a fish and chips takeout.

I had some haloumi, some croquets and aubergine. The portions were as bite-sized as could be expected, and delicious. It's very rare to find tasty, good food this cheap.

The waiter service was equally delectable. I think they only hire exclusively beautiful people (in that trendy, hip, wish-I-could-look-that-effortlessly-cool way) who were also super efficient and smiley.

This is a new favourite of mine, and somewhere I'll be sure to take friends to on a regular occasion.
Big fan of this place.

I love the concept of tapas so to see a place taking Scottish produce and coming up with seasonal menus which highlight the best of it makes me smile a lot.

With a good wine menu (perhaps slightly over-priced IMO) and a good combination of food this place is a winner for a number of eventualities. Post Friday drinks and nibbles = tick, Sunday Prosecco and nibbles = tick, mid-week casual date option = tick!

The staff are good, know the menu and know their drinks, the ambiance is nice, the music seems to be chosen by some of the rather ecclectic staff so can be a bit hit/miss but overall a great member of the Thistle St bistro scene.

Jd = happy man!!!
I love whisky & your May Tai!
Great interior, cool drinks, best service  thanks a lot!
Okay, so I went here last night.. and I loved it!!!

First, the staff are super friendly and always smiling. They definitely made me feel welcome. Our waiter took the time to explain the menu for us, and was very helpful by arranging our meal to be brought out in the desired order my friend and I wanted (we might have ordered pretty much everything) 

So I tried out all the bites except for two, and had some of them in the £3 starter size, all of them to share. They were really quick at keeping our table nice and orderly (we honestly had so many plates), but didn't seem intrusive. 

I liked the food a lot too. I'd have to say my favourite starter was the Mackerel. yum. 

So even with ordering 4 starters, 1 bite, and a side of garlic potatos, we might have still been a bit peckish. So if you're the type to want to try EVERYTHING because you're indecisive like me. I'd recommend to still order a main and a couple bites. After we had finished what we ordered, instead of going for dessert we went for the chorizo and bread to fill us up. 

All in all, the bites are really bites, but the food is great and i loved the atmosphere. I'd definitely consider going back again. The tapas style really is quite fun!!
There aren't many places like The Bon Vivant. 

It's deliciously romantic and atmospheric. No matter what time of year, it's dark wooded, candle-lit, littered with empty champagne bottles, red wines and beautiful staff.

It has real atmosphere, not a forced fake one. And many different people can come here for different reasons. Note the suits at the bar - post-work drinks. Note the table of mummies with babies in the restaurant area - mid-week family lunches. Note the gaggle of girls in the corner giggling over a bottle of champagne - girls night out. Note the hushed couple in the corner canoodling over crafty cocktails and light bites -date nights. 

The atmosphere, I would say, lends itself more to date nights and nights out, but it isn't exclusive despite this.

What does it serve? Why everything. But does it do 'everything' well? (A hard feat). In fact, yes it does. A champagne and wine bar, it has many, many types of wine by the class, all different types of champagnes. But it also has a very creative cocktail list (a margarita with black pepper and..something else) which pack quite the punch. Fruity gimmicks these are not - The Bon Vivant know their cocktails.

And quite possibly my most favourite thing about this bar is the nibbles and food menu. Where else in Edinburgh can you get little snacks for £1? And really, really frickin' good snacks at that. They have a food menu that runs from 12noon to 10pm all day. When I was in town on a Sunday having not had lunch but stuck at 4pm with most places having stopped lunch but not started dinner, I realised The Bon Vivant was the cure. 

Have a look at my uploaded photo of the mixed plate we got. I ordered £1 servings of the blackpudding and soy-marinaded swordfish. And my partner ordered £3 servings of the octopus and lamb pakoras. The octopus were apparently delicious. This wasn't calamari, or deep-fried. Oh no. Real octopus, fresh and cured the way you would find on the continent. My little bite of swordfish was delectable.

They also have a full menu of larger mains. So really, you can come here in any mood or having even not made up your mind and you're pretty much guaranteed to be satisfied.  My only quandry is I may end up spending £10 on their £1 bite menus and several cocktails on the side.

With the winter months drawing in, I think I may have found one of my new favourite spots to keep cosy...
Didn't eat here but had a bottle or so of red after catching a flick :)

Decor and feel of place was nice and comfy - like a sultry yet warming hug welcoming you in from the cold.

Service was impeccable with our waitress being brilliant, joining us on our discussion of movies good and bad.

Recommended. Will definitely revisit.
My visit here was very brief, just a glass of wine before heading out to dinner. I wish I could have stayed longer!!

This place is incredibly cosy, comfortable, full of character and has an amazing air of romance about it. It is the sort of place you see yourself settling down for the evening with a nice wine (the choice is very extensive), some nibbles (which looked devine) and then suddenly checking your watch and the hours have flown by! A good place to come with someone special. I would totally come back here, it may not meet this over the top hollywood-style liaison I have mapped out in my mind but coming here would be a damn good start!
The Bon Vivant is a unique place in Edinburgh.  Tucked away in Thistle street, the place is a bar that also makes food.  There is a little restaurant area at the back.
They have a lovely range of aperitif martini cocktails at a reasonable price which you can sip in the comfy seats near the front.
The food is lovely, fresh and Scottish fusion I would say, reasonably priced too.
I only went to that place once but cannot wait to go back.
With an intimate decor, it's a great place for a romantic night or just for a drink and food with a couple of friends.  I have only been during the week but I believe the place must get quite busy at weekends.
Highly recommended.
Visited The Bon Vivant for the first time last night and loved it. The staff were lovely, the atmosphere was very cosy and relaxed and the food was absolutely delicious! We chose food from the bites menu, £1 each. Obviously as the names suggests they were literally bites. But you can order some, then order more if you are still hungry. I had breaded brie with pesto, haggis balls, black pudding, squid and i couldn't fault any of it. 

Basically i can't wait to go back as they just left me wanting more! :)
I've previously had the pleasure of visiting this charming little venue for drinks but last night I finally got to visit for food. 

Bon Vivant has a wonderful intimate atmosphere, with dark paneled walls and candles in wine bottles on the tables. Being a French restaurant the wine choice was superb and the staff are very knowledgable about finding something to your preference. I like to think it's because they've gotten to taste all of that delicious wine! 

Whilst the mains selection looked very tempting our table was swung over by the 'bites selection' which is very much a taster menu. Being the greedy guts that we are we all just wanted to try EVERYTHING so this was perfect for us. What was even better was that once you found something you really liked you could go on to order a slightly larger portion (sharing optional.) The menu changes often so it may not be available but I absolutely recommend the black pudding with homemade tomato relish, it's divine! 

And best of all the puddings come in bite size portions too so you can easily try everything on that menu too!
After discovering the Bon Vivant as an escape from crowded George Street bars on a Saturday afternoon, the first visit was purely for a late afternoon glass of wine. It's intimate atmosphere is the perfect place to relax and catch up over a few glasses of wine but can get very busy from around 5.30pm onwards. A great wine list is available, showcasing an excellent range of wines and champagnes to suit different budgets and the provision of water without it being requested, is a nice touch. 

We were intrigued by the offers of 'little bites' to then book a table for dinner which did not disappoint. 
A small but varied menu offers lots of choice of seasonal produce with meat, fish and vegetarian options available and for anyone with special dietary requirements, then the staff are more than willing to accomodate you (I'm GF and never been poisoned thanks to the very knowledgeable staff). Past options have included pork and lamb (none of which I would normally order but have been divine) but the little bites, which can include calamari, whitebait, haggis, haloumi and many other choices, are a great way to sample multiple little dishes tapas style and start from only £1. Dessert is a must and the chocolate mousse is to die for!
I am a huge fan of The Bon Vivant and have introduced both local friends (as a non Edinburgh native) and also visitors who always suggest a return visit when planning their trip. Staff are friendly and attentive without being intrusive. The initimate atmosphere may suggest a romantic meal but equally, anytime I have been in there have been larger groups of friends in too. Only piece of advice - book in advance!
Popped in here for catch up drinks with friends. Great table service, we were never short on drinks. We ended up staying for dinner too. Tasty starters of fish cakes and halloumi. I chose the Wellington for my main and hardly a word left my mouth as I stuffed it with crispy pastry, beef and the most delicious pate topping AMAZING! 

The bar and restaurant were rammed, but the atmosphere was really chilled. The drinks menu was also fantastic and cheap!

This is definitely on my places to re-visit when I'm in Edinburgh next!
I was really impressed with the quality of the lunch in the Bon Vivant. I've been a regular visitor, overall the previous months and years, but usually just for wine and/or cocktails. Their all day menu, showcasing a range of "bite" starters, ranges from £1 for a bite, to the mid-teens for main courses. The quality remains high, throughout.

Overall, we said: "the Bon Vivant serves really impressive food, in lovely surroundings. The service couldn't be friendlier, but could be a trifle speedier. But for a relaxed lunch in a smart pub setting, there are few better places in our fair city. Bravo, chaps - I enjoyed my visit very much."
I went here for date night with my sweetie while in Edinburgh and was thoroughly impressed. This little hole in the wall was just perfect - cozy atmosphere, wonderful drink selection that included inventive cocktails and a decent wine list, a creative menu with delicious appetizers, entrees and deserts. The servers were also incredibly knowledgeable and spot-on. I went with all the waitress's recommendations and was not at all disappointed.

I love their menu layout. The appetizers are available in two sizes: the "nibbles" are enough for a bite or two and run about £1 each and then there is a larger portion enough to share between two or three people depending on the amount of dishes ordered. We ordered a few nibbles and one larger appetizer and all were wonderful. The best dish of the night was the roast pork with onion marmalade. If I go back I am ordering two of them as my main course! Every once in a while you have a dish that just makes you go "wow" and smile from the inside out. Yes, this dish was that good. We also had little fried fish with mustard sauce which were great as well as fried haggis balls which my BF assures me were awesome but I am just not able to get behind. 

Entrees were delicious as well. Liver and onions for the BF and duck for me. Both were tasty. Desert was also very good. They once again had the "nibbles" option for dessert which I really appreciate since I am usually too full for something big but like ending on a sweet note. We had petitfours which were more like truffles and extremely tasty. It was the perfect ending to a wonderful meal.
We spent a lovely evening here last night, catching up with family long not-seen. I'll echo other reviews in noting that the bites are a great idea, and as a person who likes to try everyone elses food, I got to indulge that in having a selection of bites to myself. Breaded brie - too strong for my tastes, overpowering the tomato salsa that is was accompanied by; fish dumping - tasted fabulous and I could have eaten 10 more; charred halloumi with some seriously tasty (nut-free) basil pesto. The SR checked out the haggis bonbons with chipshop sauce (chipshop sauce not as good as the real deal apparently), and my nephew loved the lamb offering. 

For the mains... I'll admit, I was surprised. Given that the bites are truly bites, I didn't expect the portion sizes to be as big as the mains were - not massive, but solid cuts of fish and meat were on display at the table. Most of us tucked into the John Dory, which was cooked beautifully with a seared diver scallop (so tender, it was embarrassing how much I enjoyed it) and a wild salad... the nephew had the sea trout with a solid serving of mussels, and the SR had the pork belly... which disappeared almost instantaneously as it arrived. Triple-cooked Chips (cooked in veg. oil) were fantastic, and the only downside was some nasty tasting asparagus (felt like they had been burned by garlic... didn't taste right personally, but my sister and her friend both enjoyed it). 

Of course we had to have dessert as well, and the bite size came in handy, as I really only wanted a little sample rather than a whole dessert of the chocolate and raspberry tart... and the richness of the dish really meant that bite size was more than enough for me. 

I think the only downside is that while the waiting staff were very friendly and pleasant, at times I felt pretty rushed, and while we were left to our own devices (despite being told we were supposed to vacate by 9... we left after 10), no-one really came by after dessert, so any prospect of drinks disappeared... not that we needed anymore - but it felt rather like a feast, then a famine. Otherwise, loved BV, liked the restaurant, would love to visit again.
Perfect place for a romantic date!  Didn't have dinner here (ate next door instead) but had a few pre-meal cocktails each and really enjoyed them!  The room is dimly lit, and there are comfortable chairs and candles throughout.  The atmosphere is cozy and intimate.  

I had a glass of champagne first, from their very nice selection.  All their champagnes are dry - I had the sweetest one and it was still barely sweet at all but still very nice.  My next cocktail was basically an elderflower gin and tonic which I loved.  The last cocktail I had was something called the Dutch Courage (I think, can't find the list online) and it was my least favorite.  A strong orangey flavor in there that was a bit too cloying for me.  My boyfriend enjoyed his masculine cocktails and we both nibbled on tasty olives.  Though beware, the olives come literally in a bowl of oil - when you bring one up to your face, it will drip - on your trousers, as he learned!  The cocktails are indeed presented beautifully, with interestingly shaped ice cubes and clear precision from whoever is behind the bar.

I will say that we hoped they would be a bit stronger.  Two cocktails and champagne for me, three cocktails for him, and we both felt barely buzzed.  Not that the point is to be drunk, of course, but you know...would've been a plus!  But I suppose the good thing is that you can come and try lots of cocktails without being on the floor!  Prices were better than I thought too - champagne was pricey per glass but many of the cocktails were only 4 or 5 pounds.

Would return anytime for a drink and a snack!  So glad my friend told me about it as we could easily have walked right by!
Ah, a friday night and like many a working professional i found myself headed to the bar for a few drinks and a catch up with a lovely friend!  we decided on bon vivant and as i walked into the bar i was met with a scene of many suited men and some very attactive bartenders!!  perfect start to a friday night....

now if you're in need of a cocktail, the drinks list at Bon Vivant has a large number of options.  they also have a really good wine list from which i ordered a glass of riesling, an old favourite.  My friend opted for the Matinee cocktail which was a gorgeous concotion of rum mixed with kaffir lime leaves and some other items i can't remember nor can i find a cocktail list on their website to tell me...  i did have a taste of the cocktail and thought it was so good i ordered one as soon as i finished my wine!

the restaurant portion of this bar is lovely with a sort of gothic chic design.  the food menu is quite clever as all their starters come in two sizes, a start portion or a bite portion.  the bites are each £1 and it's a great way to try a few of the tasty starters they have on offer.  we ordered the crispy prawns, the breaded brie with pesto, the falafel with a chili and pumpkin sauce, and queenie scallops with garlic butter.  all of these were delicious and just the right size to enjoy as a nibble while having drinks.

the bites were also the perfect size to leave us with room to have a look at their dessert menu.  we shared a portion of the chocolate mousse with caramel and a quince and pear crumble with a side of pear ice cream.  both of these were absolutely delicious and were quickly polished off!!  the perfect end to our time at bon vivant and our catch up.  it was also good timing as the table was reserved, but i have to say that helpful staff never rushed us to leave which i thought was a nice touch.

my last comment about bon vivant is that the drinks may be a bit more expensive than other bars, but everything else on their menu is incredibly good value!  the bites at a £1 are so good and the desserts were only £4 for a size that was big enough to share.  it's also worth noting that their desserts also come in a £1 bite size.  and really, the cocktails are so good they're totally worth the price!!  looking forward to another visit some time in the near future :)
Cosy, atmospheric & lovely!
We ordered cocktails and they were lush! Service great, although we did go in the afternoon and it was relativley quiet.We didnt eat there but would definatley reccommed for drinks!
ok - after my last few visits to Bon Vivant and getting absolutely plastered on cocktails and wine, time to revisit like an adult and write a Yelp review.

Went here for some afternoon snacks/tapas and a few cocktails. Had the chicken nugget kind-of-things (name escapes me), as well as the mackerel (yum) and serrano ham and whitebait. All were fantastic and just what I needed to recharge.

I had "The Rescuer" which was fab as well as a dram of Port Charolette to finish. Service attentive and friendly as per usual.

Great to see this place is still going strong.
Woweee,

Despite recommending people head here a bunch this was my first visit to Bon Vivant. I genuinely didn't even actually know where it is, but we were in that end of town looking for a table for 6 after some drinks with work and I suggested heading along. We were STARVING and THIRSTY.

In we went and first impressions were that if you wanted a cosy drink, or to eat with friends then this was the place to be. It was a tad dark in that I couldn't see what was in the fridges, but I got over that rather quickly. The staff were really friendly and clearly really enjoy working there which is always good to see. 

We were seated after about 10 minutes which considering we just wandered up at 9pm on a Thursday isn't at all bad. Olives and bread ordered (tasty) and eaten, we ordered mains and more drinks. 
**ISSUE BREAK**
My two main issues with this place
1) beer - get some bloody decent beer in. San miguel is alright but a decent craft beer wouldn't have gone amis. NOT INNIS AND GUNN - you're a restaurant not a sweetie shop. Something like Cesar Augutus from williams brothers or Schiehallion on keg would have been spot on. Light, fruity, refreshing. 

2) Toothpicks - get some wooden ones. The plastic ones for the olives were annoying. 
**/ISSUE BREAK**

Now we're done with that. 

Food - most of us ordered a magnificent roast lamb with mushrooms and ducks hearts. Oh my word it was awesome. I don't even want to describe it as no doubt the menu will have changed, it changes daily, so just trust me when I say put their food, in you, NOW. 

Staff were attentive and smiley, water glasses were refilled almost scarily quickly. 
All in all it was an awesome venue.

recommended.
After all the recommendations, I found this a bit disappointing. I'd been in for a drink before in the evening and the place had quite a buzz. For lunch, though, it seems dark and dingy. Anyway, the upshot is ill give the pace a second chance at some point. I can only think they had some staffing issues over the Easter holidays, as food was generally slow to arrive. Other tables were heard to complain. Our main courses eventually came and were cold, or at least the accompaniments for the venison were stone cold. Otherwise, while tasty enough, I wouldn't have said the food was particularly different or startling, despite various rave reviews. Maybe I'm missing something, but I've had far nicer elsewhere, at better prices too. Not particularly feeling the love.
I went in for Gin & Tonic. This was served promptly and expertly.
Nothing really wrong with the place just a feeling of familiarity. I feel I've been to many places like this. Room in West End springs to mind and Tonic also. 
The music was a decent level and I liked the look of the menu. What else can I say.. this in not one of my favourites of hangouts.
Late night cocktails and good chat!

We had some fantastic cocktails here and a great catch up. The inside is a bit dark and can get a bit loud but who cares with martini's and bar bites this good!? I am definitely a fan and have sent many people along. They also do some great tasting events where you can choose the wines on the list - all the details are on the boards.
Ok so I feel like I may get shot down in flames for saying this but I find Bon Vivant so disappointing...the first time I entered this place it was fab. Not overly packed, good service and nice drinks but since returning several times over the past few years I've left each time feeling glum after the experience. I apologise to all the diehard fans of this place but each time it was packed to the rafters, the service at the bar was quick but typically cold and rude and the cocktails really off in taste....I will no doubt find myself tagging along in the near future with some of the diehard fans of this place and I hope my mind will be changed but for now I'd rather try somewhere else :-S
*Don't worry diehards, if my mind does change I'll update my review ;)
A great please to pop into for a spell on an unseasonably warm day in Scotland. Nice bites and good coctkails.
Haggis and fish croquettes were delicious.
This place is known as 'The Bon' I believe, among its loyal clientele. It's warm and friendly, a little pretentious but self confident with it. I probably showed myself up with my ignorance of cocktails, their ingredients, serving paraphernalia, names and sizes, but a drink was ordered and a drink was drunk. Sadly my cocktail didn't come in a small metal bucket, but my fellow drinker's did so I was at least able to enjoy that vicariously. (Mine was in a glass that reminded me of something my socially aspirational gran would have had in her sideboard. It was called an 'Elderflower Gimlet'. (The drink that is, not the glass. Or my gran: she was call Win. 'Elderflower Gimlet for the Win'?))

3.5 stars would perhaps have summed up my sense of ease in the place, but we'll go the four because it was a birthday celebration, and the bar tender and waitress were both very kind. I drink cocktails even less frequently than I have hot drinks (combined totals in 2013: 3 thus far), so giving more stars also means I got better value for money, right?

I shall be back, but it'll take a birthday to get me there I suspect.
The first time I went it was too crowded, so I left and returned a few weeks later. It was on a Sunday night and was nice and quiet. The service was really on to it although the particular server didn't seem super confident in knowing the wine we asked about she recommended the one we were looking at and it was delicious. We ordered the lamb appetizer, which did take a wee bit of time to come out considering they weren't busy, but it was tasty when it arrived. I can get what some other reviewers mean but them being a bit cold, the bartender didn't greet us and seemed out out when I asked for a wine list, but the girls serving were nice. I will come back and try to have another go as I do love wine bars and it is a nice place to bring friends.
A fabulous cocktail bar right next to a cool bottle shop. From the outside it looks plain and you can easily miss it. Look for the blue doors and walk into a low lit bar with lots of places to sit and or stand and sip a cocktail or few. 

The menu is extensive and there are a few bearded bar tenders mixing up a great variety of cocktails. There are cocktail specials on the boards and an extensive cocktail menu. 

They do serve food here however as we did not eat here cannot comment on the food. The crowd is generally a little bit older and probably over 25 rather than under. 

I would happily come back here for an evening with friends and spend a lot of money trying different cocktails. It's not cheap but well worth the money. 

The service is excellent and they even replaced one of the cocktails on a mere notion that it did not taste right. They did go our of their way to please and that is always a hallmark of a good bar.
Personal simpatiquísimo y extraordinariamente guapo: la chica que nos atendió cortaba la respiración con solo mirarla de lo guapísima que era y lo bien vestida que iba. Si encima es capaz de abrir una botella de vino con la destreza con la que lo hizo, es como para ponerle un piso con vistas.

Lugar de tapas, con muchísimo encanto. Se puede pedir para compartir, y tienen bites (aperitivos) y raciones. Son más bien medias raciones (son bastante pequeñas) pero tienen cosas estupendas. Mención especial a los bombones de haggis, que están absolutamente deliciosos (son como una croqueta de haggis).

Tienen también un bar de whisky estupendo, y es imprescindible probar algo de whisky mientras estás en Escocia.
Popped in for a couple of drinks. Nice friendly atmosphere and great to get table service for drinks.
Took a bus from Inverness down to Edinburgh (this was over the summer), and we were fairly famished.  Once we left the bus station, we walked through St. Andrews Square and looked for some grub (did I say we were hungry).  Once we crossed the Square, we went to the Rose St., a pedestrian street.  We ended up stopping at one of the first restaurants we saw....the pub, Abbotsford.

The interior is everything one would think of whenever they conjour up their stereotypical "pub"---nice bar in the middle, dark wood paneling/fixturing throughout, and of course, beer.

It looked like we found a cool place.

Unfortunately, it we were proved wrong, and this is where we were introduced to some of the "UK's legendary bad personal service".

It was summer.  We were hot, and we asked for water.  This took 15-minutes (and this place was pretty dead).  Once we ordered, we waited 45-minutes for our food---during this time we saw two other groups order and receive their food in the meantime!  Once were clearly done with our food, we ended up waiting 30-min for a check...well, actually, I physically went up to the bar and asked for the check.  Am I missing something here?  I don't think so, because it seemed like everyone else was served "normally".  

So, there beverages were average, and their food was average, but their service sucked butt.  I can't believe we wasted almost 2-hours here.  Oh, and we also asked them for directions to our hotel's address....and they totally sent us in the wrong direction!

Needless to say, a tip was not left.
I was so intrigued at their tv screens outside the bar....are they see-through? How can you have a see-through tv? I was sure I can see into the bar but it's also showing me tv....?!

Magical mysteries aside, it's a pretty ok pub. Not amazing, but ok. It's really old fashioned and cliquey.

As it's on Rose street it's part of the famous rose-street pub crawl, so it can get quite busy. It's not a bad place though!
The Abbotsford Bar is one of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh.  Situated in the pub central area of Edinburgh, Rose Street, The Abbotsford Bar is right in the centre of the city and is a convenient place to reach.  This pub is incredibly traditional and the inside is quite spectacular, it has super high ceilings with amazing art work on them and a vibrant bright pink carpet on the floor.  

I come here quite a bit for pre-drinks on the way to a night out and I always have a fantastic time drinking here.  The Abbotsford Bar serves a wide range of beers, ales and wines and so there is something for everyone.  The prices are incredibly reasonable here too, with a large glass of the house red wine costing under five pounds - bargain!  Food is also served here, with standard traditional pub food dominating the menu such as steak, fish and chips, sandwiches and burgers, but there a few quirky additions to it as well such as mussels!  

There is always a lively and friendly atmosphere in this pub and it is great place to either go for a cheeky wee drink or if you are fully going for it!
The Abbotsford is a nice pub at the end of Rose Street. I went in here to have lunch and for a traditional Scottish pub experience...it didn't disappoint.

The place is very homey there is a bar situated in the middle of the room and big long tables around the perimeter. The tables are designed for different parties to sit together. We ended up sitting next to a Scotch man who was with his grown daughters and nicece attending the Military Tattoo. We had a nice conversation.

The food was okay...nothing special typical pub food which is what I wanted. I had a chicken burger "sandwich" with fries. The sandwich was okay. A little bland and was coated with mozzarella cheese. The fries were above average. They were nice and big and very crispy.

All in all if you are looking for a good pub in Edinburgh, I would highly recommend The Abbotsford
There is history here. Scottish Brewing History. 

The Abbotsford is one of the few existing pubs that challenged the traditional Beer Engine (the handle beer maidens pull to put the beer in your glass). 

Scotland used a pre-bar delivery system. The engine is down in the cellar. Hence turning the tap rather than pulling a massive handle. 

There are other bits about this pub that deserve a visit. An island bar. A ridiculously great position in the town. Top or bottom of the Rose Street Pub Crawl  (I would start here). 

Go here and don't drink. 

Go here like you would visit an Art Gallery 

Not to see the past but to admire the beauty of something perfectly conceived and constructed. Like a fine portrait that perfectly shows you the combination of Scottish Engineering, Woodworking and Brewing combined into a wonderful place to be.

Study it - take it in - there is beauty here - along with history
Ate lunch in the Above restaurant here last Friday and the value for money was very good indeed. Portion sizes were generous and my duck was very well cooked. The chocolate and Malibu cheesecake made me feel quite the glutton.


 The restaurant's acoustics can it seems make it rather loud when more than half the tables are occupied but that's a minor quibble when set against the good service and aforementioned vfm (£45 for 3 mains & desserts + soft drinks).
A beautiful old pub at the start (or end) of Rose Street. There's a gorgeous, dark-wood island bar in the middle of the room and long tables with benches situated all 'round it. Great for bigger parties or just sharing a table with a stranger and possibly making a friend. Some delicious cask ales on draught and a friendly, informed staff that will allow you to sample the ales so you can find one you like. 

When I think of a traditional Scottish pub, this is what I imagine.
This is an excellent city centre pub, and especially so given its location on Rose St, which, for the number of drinking establishments it has, sometimes feels like there isn't anywhere just right for a restorative mid-shopping pint. This is a traditional pub with the kind of decor you would expect from an old Edinburgh institution.

It has a good selection of real ales alongside the usual booze options, and they have bench seating arranged around the island bar. They do meals but I haven't eaten there. I usually pop in there for a quiet pint when I'm out and about in town.

I particularly like that they always seem to have beer from the Hadrian & Border Brewery, which is one of my favourites. I don't know if they have a regular relationship or whether it's a coincidence, but I hope they keep it up, as you don't see these beers in too many places.

Unfortunately I need to knock a star off due to their crimes against crisps. They stopped selling crisps and now only sell nuts! I could write an essay about the ruination of crisp options at pubs these days, selling you over-priced posh crisps when all you want is a pack of Walker's, but not selling crisps at all is just ridiculous. Get them told.
We had a hard time finding a restaurant rather than a pub our first night in Edinburgh so we were happy to stumble upon the Above at the Abbotsford.

We thought the place was empty because of the football match that every pub had on the screen but as the night wore on we realized that wasn't it.

I had the special which was a pork chop while my daughter had the fish n chips.  My meat was dry, tough and flavorless as was the sides on the plate.  The fish n chips were beyond the normal greasy.  For trying to be high end they missed the mark by far.
We headed directly here having received a recommendation from our hotels's concierge.  We experienced a very different level of food & service than some other reviewers.  Each of the four of us (one of whom)    was born and raid in the UK, enjoyed our meal.  The portions were generous and the service was very responsive.  The cost was far less than several other restaurants we visited. I would definitely recommend you give it a try.  The haggis, neeps & tatties appetizer was awesome.
Great real ale and knowledgeable staff
I damn liked that place. A a great time there last night, people and staff are very friendly and helped with among the biiiiiig choice of whiskeys. Thanks a lot for that. Also that pub looks not that posh like other places in edinburgh, but thats totally my own opinion. 
Bottom Line _ if in Edinburgh try the Abbotsford
An almost 'blink and you'll miss it' cafe with superb views of the castle, Blackcherry is a brilliant little place for a coffee and a chat in a relaxed and charming atmosphere. 

Food is locally sourced and generally brilliant although I have had a few occaions which i have been slightly dissapointed - but I have always returned, because the food is outstanding when they get it right, so it is worth the risk.

Blackcherry is a great little place to spend some time relaxing and generally just watching the world go by.
I came to Blackcherrys with some mates after a flat party near the Grassmarket earlier this year.  We were all feeling pretty rough, tired and peckish.  Luckily we came across this little cafe which offers delicious breakfast rolls all morning.  I went for a sausage and egg butty which was the perfect antidote to the hangover and - almost - made me feel normal again.  It only cost about £2.50 which is a bit of a bargain considering the area and the sausages were great quality and cooked to perfection.  
You get an enlightening view of the castle from inside Blackcherry as well and it'd be an ideal place to chill out with a cup of coffee and a cake.  The staff were cheery and the service was pretty quick, despite our visit coinciding with the pre-work rush.  
I'd definitely come here again as they have a great range of food and drinks as well as a nice setting to enjoy them in.
There's not much to distinguish one pub from the next in any city centre, yet somehow The Green Mantle manages it.

From the outside, it looks just like any other local pub, but it's once you're inside that you see the difference. First, their weekly entertainment: as well as the regular pub quiz, there is also a poker night, a live folk music night once a week, and on wednesdays there is a spanish-english exchange evening. I went along to one of these, and the people there ranged from complete beginners eager to learn the basics for free, to native spanish speakers on holiday in Edinburgh, and everyone in between.

The best thing about this place is the food.  Yes, there are all the usual things you'd expect to find on a pub menu such as Butternut Squash Risotto, Fish & Chips and Soup of the Day, but they also serve buffalo burgers sourced locally from Fife. According to the menu these contain 50% less salt and cholesterol than regular beef... i'm not an expert on this but what i can confirm is that they're gorgeous and for only £4.95 I'd definitely recommend it.

Don't miss... Crabbie's Alcoholic Ginger Beer, not many places are stocking this yet in Edinburgh but you'll always find it here.
For another new kid on the block, this place appears to be quite popular for the local student population, most likely because of its central location and young staff. Its a nice layout for a pub, nothing too fancy, with the bar conveniently located on one side and tables and couches on the other. It has an old feel to it with wooden floors and furnishings and it always amuses me to have a fire on the flat screen TV. (reminds me of a telemarketing ad- don't ask). 

My friend swears their burgers are the best in the area, but I have yet to try them out.
I considered myself a good poker player until I came to the Green Mantle...

Card shark is too mellow a term for these guys. Serious hardcore players but friendly as hell. We all had such a great time.
The only reason it doesn't get a 5 star is because people kept coming up to us as asking "Are you playing Blackjack? Can I play Blackjack?".

Can you close the bar for poker night guys?
The Greenmantle is a cosy pub in the heart of the Newington area of Edinburgh. It is a handy place for students to pop in for a pub lunch or for drinks in the evening as they offer student and snap fax deals. 

It is a very friendly and inviting pub and the bar has an impressive selection of lagers and ales and they select a 'malt of the month' which my friend religiously orders. They offer an impressive cocktail menu, including Cosmopolitan's and Mojito's, which are very reasonable at around £6. The Green Mantle is a very traditional pub and serves the usual pub food which is really delicious such as home made soup and burgers at a great deal of 2 for £7. Newspapers are always available to read with your lunch. 

The Green Mantel always have something going on in it every night, whether it is a pub quiz on a Tuesday night, live music on a Thursday or poker on a Sunday, they offer something for everyone. There is a also a big TV screen inside which is currently showing all the World Cup matches.
I walked past The Green Mantle just about every day in my first year and thought it looked like the archetypal 'old man' pub.  Inside, however, it tells a very different story as it always has an eclectic group of customers ranging from students to, yes, old men.  The drinks are well priced and they have a great range of malt whiskeys, real ales and beers and some excellent food.  The fish, chips and peas are delicious and come served in a generous portion which only costs about £5.
The atmosphere is engaging and friendly with pleasant staff and nice decor.  They also have plenty on offer throughout the week in the way of a quiz nigt and live music - well worth a look.
The Greenmantle blends in with the other traditional pubs in Edinburgh's city centre, but if you go inside you will soon learn that it is in fact a buzzing pub, bursting with life and liveliness!

Hosting a number of music nights on a weekly basis (with folk quite high on the agenda), Greenmantle is modern and nicely decorated inside - very swish and trendy. The clientele is mixed and in an entirely good way - there's something for everyone in here.

If that doesn't give you enough reasons to visit, Greenmantle serve pub grub (that is stonkingly cheap and tasty) up until midnight! They are also open till one most nights, making it a popular and great destination to go to in Edinburgh if you fancy a quieter night out than clubs can offer. Smashing.
There is absolutely nothing special about this bar whatsoever, but it is perfectly nice, and nice is better than horrible. It is pretty small, but has a friendly atmosphere, especially during the evenings, when they have live traditional Scottish folk music. The band are great for background music and are especially welcome in the cold Edinburgh winter. With the unusual addition of a video of a fire on the wall, you feel like you are in a traditional pub.

The bar is tiny but still manages to have all the normal drinks, with a good selection of bottled beers and ciders. The food is what you would expect from a pub, and is relatively cheap. They are particularly proud of their buffalo burgers (sourced locally. Yes apparently we do have buffalo in Edinburgh) which are apparently much healthier than beef, with less fat and reduce cholesterol. To be honest though it tasted exactly the same and my cholesterol, as far as I know, hasn't massively dropped (or increased for that matter, just pretty much stayed the same). 

They have a pub quiz once a week which is quite easy but a good laugh. Overall the pub is a nice place to come for a few chilled out drinks, but not much more than that.
Without a doubt my favorite pub in the city. As a proud member of the Irn Bruisers pub quiz team I found myself at The Green Mantle frequently. The Mantle boasts a down to earth homey vibe and a great selection of beer. In addition to all the classics, they rotate in a few different beers every month. If you're looking for everything a pub should be, look no further than The Green Mantle.
Every time I get to Edinburgh, I have to stop by and have two of my favorite deserts from this wonderful establishment! Sticky Toffee Pudding and Chocolate Puddle Pudding! It is out of this world!
The Green Mantle is perfectly located on my bus route, next door to my favourite of the Adam Lyals, and has therefore become our go-to meetup point for a pint.  

It has a dark and cozy interior, a good selection of beers, and a menu which really makes me want to come back.  Buffalo burgers?  Yes please!  Everything else on the menu?  Oooh yeah.  

I've had it on good authority that it's pretty much always busy, and that they also put on a great pub quiz night.  Mantle-tastic.
A traditional (dark wood and real ale) Edinburgh pub which offer a lot more than its dark interior suggests, for starters they serves up some surprisingly tasty food until midnight. Offerings include a selection of Buffalo burger, a hot pot special and normally a tasty homemade soup and while not the cheapest the food is well prepared and filling thus well worth the money.

My advice - check out the green mantle, have a few jars and something to eat, relax and enjoy.
I love this place.  It was right near where I had class and it was the very first place I had haggis.  I enjoyed it.  It's not a very big pub but it has a nice atmosphere, is pretty cheap overall, and the food is better than average.

The second time I went I got the haggis burger, which I didn't like as much but when I added the little Salsa looking sauce that came with it it improved it considerably.

I'd definitely hit the place up if I were you.  It serves food later that most other pubs which is nice if you want something other than a Kebab after 10pm.
Uni focused pub...
Tasty buffalo burgers...
Tuesday night pub quiz...
It can become problematic to have a sit-down dinner after 9PM in Edinburgh.  There are exceptions, and The Green Mantle is one of them, serving food until midnight, usually.  

They serve some fine buffalo burgers that come with rather tasty homemade onion marmalade, and I have personally seen people praising the quality of the haggis at neighbouring tables.  I can recommend thus at least these two items, and especially the buffalo burger with added cheese and jalapeños.  Indeed, a very tasty burger that is. 

What is more, they have ice-cold Estrella from Barcelona, one of my favourite beers.

The drawback of this bar is, quite naturally, that it fills up quickly with gaggles of students.  But this is not too big of a problem during many week nights.
A top watering hole in Edinburgh and my staple when I was studying at the UofE.  Friendly bartenders, perfect location and excellent buffalo burgers!  They always have plenty of events going from live music to pub trivia, and the atmosphere is fun and laid-back.  I miss this place!
I used to associate this ultra-chic restaurant/bar with those who liked to be seen in Edinburgh (yah's etc) as it was once a private-members club, so imagine my surprise when I went to Hawk and Hunter for a friends birthday - it was really, really lovely!! The decor is really chic and the toilets are amongst some of the best I've ever experienced in Edinburgh. There are two quality indicators I like to use when reviewing places  - the toilet and the temperature of the wine. I give Hawke and Hunter 10 out of 10 for both. Especially the bathroom, it's worth visiting for that reason alone.

The Georgian style of the restaurant is typical of Edinburgh New-Town, with a really dramatic sweeping staircase taking you up to the bar, and up again to the restaurant. It's really cool, and I loved just sitting on the sofa's looking around me. The only thing I would criticize, which I would by lying if I said I didn't expect, was the price. You just know you're going to be paying for the drink as well as for the surroundings. Otherwise, it's really worthwhile paying it a visit. PLUS it's open till 3am - for the suave amongst us who like to be out but don't like the stinky clubs, this is the place to go.
Hawke & Hunter has that effortlessly polished, self-confident feel about it that does equate to a pretty awesome eating and drinking experience. In its previous lives as The Hallion and Home House, this was a private member's club, but thankfully no longer, and I would suggest to anyone tiring of staring at the same old dance floors and bar stools to come along to the East End and experience something a bit different.

Hawke & Hunter is set out over several floors of pretty spacious Georgian Townhouse grandness, with the inconspicuous entrance, which looks a bit like it could be the door to an office or someone's house, leading inside to the restaurant on the ground floor. I recently came here for my friend's hen do, for which we hired out one of the private dining rooms. It was really, really lovely, and beautifully decorated, with the fortune of having our own dining space being absolutely ideal for our purposes, which included a banterful quiz on my engaged friend's life, plus a few speeches and some loud nostalgia and storytelling. The food was also lovely, classic with a bit of a modern tweak to it. It wasn't the cheapest experience of all time, but not too expensive either considering the private dinner party experience.

Up the winding staircase you'll find the main bar, which is really striking. With its sweeping bar surface and Art Deco looks, plus a tasty cocktail list, this is definitely a very cool place for a drink. The ladies toilets are something else too. Not something you flag up in a review, but the grandeur of the "powder room" (classier than toilet) is an amazing place for a quick gossip on the chaise longue provided for such activities. 

Aside from the bar and restaurant, there is also a whisky bar up a further flight of stairs, and some boutique hotel rooms for guests. Hawke & Hunter has definitely been an alcohol scented breath of fresh air for Edinburgh, with a mix of well heeled and quirky individuals looking for something more than what's on offer in other parts of town. Super recommended.
So, last time I was here, it was called Ego. This was 3 years ago and Mr. Scruff was doing a DJ set that I went to to photograph for the Student Newspaper. Ego had its weekend gay night (I hope that doesn't sound inappropriate, but that's very literally what it was), and so I heard about it from my flatmate quite often as well. It's a really cool venue, very decadent looking and velvety. 

Now, it's the Hawke and Hunter and continues to be located in Edinburgh Pink Triangle (not to be confused with the Pubic Triangle) alongside GHQ and the Street. I went to Hawke and Hunter because (surprise surprise!) it's been turned into a venue where they're playing Hot Mess by Ella Hickson (I recommend seeing it). It was an interesting space, dark with paintings that lit up on the ceiling and strange lines of colourful lights on the floor.
A Friday regular before my travelling year (even had my leaving do here!), I was not keen upon return to find Hawke & Hunter had finally given in to the Happy Hour ban that had come into play in 2009, of which they had initially managed to find a way around. And sure enough, upon my return to Friday H&H drinks, it looked like the effect had well and truly set in, as my fellow socialisers and I found the bar to be downright empty.

So with a heavy heart (and a fickle attitude) I shunned Hawke & Hunter from my social itinerary..... forever!!

Or maybe not, fate would have it.....!

With my sister's birthday this Saturday past, she had the idea of a Voodoo Rooms/Hawke & Hunter double-whammy. I didn't even know either were on her radar but who was I to argue? So off I trot.

And my faith in Hawke & Hunter was re-ignited.

Now I should clarify that my reasons for the aforementioned shunning was down to the lack of atmosphere and NOT the lack of happy hour. Hawke & Hunter is an exremely pretty bar, make no mistake, but with no clientele or atmosphere it is all for nought.

However, you pour over a helping of bohemia, throw a dash of posers in with a sprinkling of working class and even a sprig of student vibe to top off, shake up this eclectic mix of Edinburgh patronage and you end up with the buzzy atmosphere of Saturday night Hawke & Hunter.

On paper, this place should be more pretentious than it actually is. You have the immaculate upstairs bar, playing a retro movie across the linen-draped wall; you have the intimate outdoor garden with its inviting plush seating; you have the intriguing array of eclectic cocktails at slightly above average prices. However the crowd that make up an evening here are such a mixed bag, you never get that 'are they judging me' feeling. Not even from the staff.... something you can't say the same for somewhere like Electric Circus let's say.

Hawke & Hunter.... I missed you!

PROS: All of the above.

CONS: No JD! For shame!
I joined over 200 folk here last night for the annual EdTwestival, and so am reviewing Hawke and Hunter as a venue. I know it's also a bar, restaurant, club and dinner-joint. But after 'working' here for a few hours alongside the staff and admiring the gorgeous interior its safe to say I'll be heading back soon to dine.

It's in a nice wee location, just round from Broughton Street (one of my favourite places in Edinburgh), and beside the Met cocktail bar. Easy to get to and with lots of bars in reach.

We were using the upstairs space and the downstairs and outdoor space. The upstairs hall is really quite big and easily fit over 100 folk, a cake stand, and some bands in. The acoustics were good too and it never got too hot; the ceilings are really tall (I love old Edinburgh buildings) so that helped.

I was working up the front desk checking people in, alongside the cloakroom. The girl on the cloakroom was really lovely, and dealt very well with the stress of a lot of people looking to check in, check coats in, and getting us confused about who was doing what. The bouncers I spoke to were nice too, and earlier on in the day the staff setting up were more than helpful. So big thumbs up for all the great people that work there.

The downstairs 'club' area was really cosy, nice booths, with a big open space at the bar. Despite being crowded it never felt *too* crowded.

Recently there's been a lot of press around the new chef at Hawke & Hunter. My incessant curiosity and foodie nature combined with my positive impression of Hawke and Hunter at Twestival means I'll certainly be back to update this review with foodie ravings galore.
I also had Broken Lemon Tart which consisted of yuzu parfait, frozen shortbread, pistachio puree, compact watermelon, and coconut jelly. This was fun, light and each item had a distinct unique flavor. 

As all good culinary opera's must end, so must this one and it did with my signature doppio espresso with a twist. In keeping with the spirit of the rest of the evening, this near perfect espresso was accompanied with a delicious collage of petifores, (Fudge cheesecake, honey of raisin granola, honeycomb tuile & tanka bean ice cream). I mean seriously how often does one get to eat tanka bean ice cream. This dish was actually the best desert I had this night and it was served on a groovy piece of drift wood. Which reminds me, everything from the preparation, presentation, service and taste at Hawke & Hunter was above and beyond my expectations. I have been to several places that boast food of this level but fail to deliver. Hawke and Hunter was quite the opposite. They didn't boast but they sure did deliver. 

Bravo!

(Pictures are available for all these dishes on the Hawke & Hunter Yelp link)
Is there anything this place doesn't do? Cocktail bar, check. Whisky room, check. Fine dining restaurant, check. Night club, check. Gorgeous outdoor garden, check. Large room for live music, check. Seriously, No 12 Picardy Place (former Hawke & Hunter) holds everything you would need for a wonderful night out in its gorgeous Georgian house walls.

I was recently at their Global Party which opened up all areas for a full evening of dining, cocktais, canapes, dancing - the works. I've previously dined in Mark Greenaway (http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/mark-greenaway-edinburgh) and the canapés that were circulating were equally as divine. I'm sure one of them was foie gras (I had to have several to confirm).

The cocktail bar is really quite different to many I've been to in Edinburgh. It's just the Georgian house surroundings, you can't get away from how impressive and lush the whole place is. White, stylish, lots of comfy booths, I was very in my element. The only downside is the ladies toilets only have two cubicles - and we all know what they can be like anyway with queues. But they are quite lush inside, big mirrors, a chaise longue. You  know, just if you feel like lounging in the swishest way possible.

I really appreciated the difference in style and tone of the whisky room upstairs. All dark wood, much more old-fashioned and obviously suited to the whisky itself. 

The whole place is like Narnia and every room you walk in to is another wardrobe door leading to a different world. 

If you head next door, the Green Room is a large gig-type space that can be used for functions and that night had live music (I think afterwards I went up to meet Leon Jackson and spilled some margarita on him. Sorry Leon!) And nip downstairs to Under the Stairs for the basement level club which is all low ceilings, lots of booths for sitting and a reasonable sized dance floor. It all just *works*.

The Secret Garden outside is perfect for smokers, or if you just want some fresh air after lots of dancing and drinks. One of those things that when you're normally in a full club and you think "I just need some fresh air" - well at No 12, they can provide et voila! There it is.

How else can I put it to show my appreciation for how well No 12 works as a whole? A perfectly fitting jigsaw of quite different parts.

It's not somewhere I would spend every Friday night perhaps - not quite my scene as I'm a little more rough / frizzy around the edges - but if I do ever want a full night out with options for all in the party, from cocktails to whisky and a dance if you feel like it - No 12 is definitely the place to go.
Quirky interior and quite a small place overall make for I expect quite an intimate experience when the place is full. Very friendly and efficient service too.


 Nice touch listing all their local suppliers on the menu before you even get to the dishes. Not though immediately obvious that it's a bit nouvelle so consequently my companions the othernight had only potatoes with their steaks.


 My leak and something fish cakes were a tasty starter and the main course of Asian Dumplings was very well made and so colourful it was almost a shame to eat it. Chocolate Brownies and ice cream went down well for dessert and the creme brulee was pronounced good too.


 Good selection of wine on offer and very keenly priced aperitifs (can't remember seeing 42 Below with a mixer for as little as £3 anywhere else). Definitely one to revisit.
Lazy Lohan's is a bistro with a difference in Edinburgh. My first visit was somewhat disappointing, they had not long opened and hadn't got a liqueur license yet so we had to bring our own, and service was slow. Plus we were the only diners. But my second visit, for lunch, was somewhat better. The food is good, really yummy and enjoyable, but again I was disappointed with the service. And the restaurant is tiny, very small. There are only around 6 tables in total, and I imagine it would be very cramped when full. However, whenever I walk past the bistro it never seems to be open. I get the impression it's the sort of place you need to book, and yes it's pleasant and the food is great, but the location and size is a shame. It has potential, a diamond in the rough.
Apart from the inexplicably bad name (is it a reference Lindsay Lohan, and if so, by God, why?), Lazy Lohan's is a unique find in Edinburgh. They're entirely committed to using local and organic ingredients, as well as seasonal produce and flavours, which means that the menu changes fairly regularly. They serve an exciting variety of simple and delicious fare.

Tina, the owner, is often around and will happily answer any questions you might have about the food. Their produce is sourced by Whitmuir Organics and is exquisitely fresh and tasty.

The space is small and intimate, though you could imagine on a busy day, it would easily feel crowded. I recommend going there for brunch on a Saturday, for a solid cup of coffee and french toast with caramelised bananas (you could add a side of bacon too). Reasonably priced, and lovingly prepared, it's a wonder why Lazy Lohan's isn't more well known.
Prosecco on tap....need I say more?

oh ok  I will. This is quite a new place on the Edinburgh scene, and it was badly needed. It adds a strong touch of class and elegance to the city (not that it needed any more) and just brings total indulgence to it. It is really quite trendy  - wear your good tights when you come here.

As I said, it has presecco on tap. My heart is yours, Missoni.
If I could give Hotel Missoni 10 stars I would. 

Perfectly located on George IV bridge, it's a two minute walk from the Castle and a five minute walk to the Grassmarket and the heart of Edinburgh's Old Town. Whilst the outside of the building isn't anything special, every aspect of the inside from the reception and the hallways to the rooms is S*U*B*L*I*M*E.

Designed and run by the Italian fashion house, HMi is decorated in beautiful and brightly coloured Missoni fabrics and textiles. Everywhere you look, there's splashes of bright pink, acid green, canary yellow and aqua strategically placed alongside bold grey and black and white stripes. Visitors are free to roam the hotel and check out the fabulous lamps, chairs and fabrics dotted around different floors but tourists are restricted to the bar and restaurant. In fact, the hotel is so swish you need a room key to activate the candy striped lifts!

As for the rooms, I was lucky enough to stay for 3 nights and was given a beautiful double with floor to ceiling windows, breath-taking views and the comfiest bed I've ever slept in. In keeping with the designer furniture, there was a Bang & Olson flatscreen TV, an illuminated drinks cabinet and a high end coffee maker with fresh coffee and espresso cups. My only grumble and it's a tiny one, is that I really wanted a bath and unfortunately, only the suites have baths. I can't compain however, as the bathroom was hidden behind a sliding door and included full length mirrors, luxury Missoni bathrobes and a gorgeous wet-room with power shower. 

Would I go back again? In a heartbeat.
Probably one of the BEST weekends of my life. My boyfriend has certainly raised the bar for birthday treats!

When I found out that one of my favourite design houses was creating a boutique hotel in Edinburgh I couldn't wait for the excuse to go up there to check it out. A year later my boyfriend tries to surprise me with a weekend away for my birthday (he left a tab for Edinburgh airport open on his laptop!)

The hotel itself couldn't be situated in a better location. Very convenient for a mix of shopping and sight seeing with the Royal Mile on its doorstep. It's a 5 minute walk from Edinburgh Waverly station which is where the Airlink bus starts and terminates (bargain £6 return)

The whole hotel is fabulous with Missoni all over the place, even the doormen wear Missoni kilts! The room we stayed in was jaw dropping chic. Mega comfy bed, fantastic shower, beautiful Missoni bathrobes, complementary drinks and selection of movies on the TV all made chillaxing here for the weekend perfect.

We had breakfast included with our room and it's worth it! Go for the Scottish fry up and you'll be set for a days sight seeing. We didn't dine at the hotel as there are so many other places we wanted to try, maybe next time we come up.

The hotel bar is uber cool and there's a good selection of cocktails. All the staff were friendly and super helpful (incredibly jealous they wear Missoni everyday!)

Edinburgh's a great city and I would have had a fantastic time even if we didn't get to stay at Hotel Missoni but it was definitely the icing, cherry and sprinkles on top of my weekend.
Fabulous hotel. Very contemporary and modern. Clean rooms with rain shower. Service has been excellent. 2 pieces of free laundry for each nights stay and a complimentary minibar stocked with juice and soft drinks. Right next to Royal Mile with great restaurants, pubs, shopping, and sites nearby. Wouldnt recommend the breakfast in the hotel reataurant which is mediocre and overpriced.
Gorgeous, modern hotel in an area steeped in history.  The hotel is walking distance to Edinburgh Castle and other beautiful architecture, pubs, and shops, including a cashmere shop--handy, since it was cooler than I'd anticipated so I bought a lovely, soft stole. :)  Excellent, friendly service, very comfortable room, and in a wonderful location.  Wish we were staying longer than the one night.  Try the basilito in the elegant bar--a mojito with an Italian twist (crushed grapes and basil).  Chic, colorful rooms have luxe amenities like 2 items of free laundry, an espresso machine with complimentary coffee, soft drinks, plush robes, slippers, wi-fi, and really nice bath products, not to mention super comfy bed, linens, and a great bathroom. Breakfast is included in our rate and I expect it will be perfect as well. Valet parking was a breeze and the super-nice bellman (clad in a kilt with a Missoni-patterned twist) was spot on with a dinner recommendation down the street at a restaurant called Outsider -- great food and a window table with views of Edinburgh Castle.  Later, room service accommodated my husband for a suprise for me--a not-normally-on-the-menu request for strawberries and clotted cream...in addition to champagne. :)  Highly recommend this hotel for a romantic and fun getaway!
Hip, stylish yet quite European...

Missoni Hotel is a nice change from other hotels in this category of 5-star elegance. As one would expect from a fashion designer label, this hotel excels at color scheme, patters, decoration, and attention to detail in the construction of the hotel. What I feel sets Missoni Hotel apart from the others is that the atmosphere and vibe is more casual and easy-going. The pretentiousness too often found in other places only shows its face from other travels from time to time. 

Unlike old-world money hotels in this price range, the Missoni makes you feel young and hip. The staff feel more like helpful friends than servants and the decor won't make you feel like you're in a castle but rather the pages of next season's fashion magazine.
Hotel Missoni is absolutely the best hotel in Edinburgh and one of the best in the world - not that I knew all that when I booked it.  In fact, I didn't realize it until I was flipping through one of the coffee table books in our room on "Best Hotels in the World" and came face to face with a ours! lol! Honestly, I was looking for a W Hotel and when I found that there wasn't one in Edinburgh, I did a couple searches and read up on reviews and found Hotel Missoni - a hotel that encompassed the swankiness of a W, but with it's own distinct feel and style.

In the midst of old town, it's exterior fits in well, but the interior is just as modern as modern can be.  It's centrally located, so you can get to the shopping of the Royal Mile within steps and see such attractions as the Edinburgh Castle and the Palace at the other end, not to mention Mary King's Close (which was cool, but totally freaked me out! lol!).

Hottie bellhops in Missoni-printed kilts greeted us at the door before we were ushered up to our super posh room - awesomely decorated and uber comfortable.  The amenities were great with fabulous bath and body products, large closets, and complimentary beverages in all the fridges!  There's candy downstairs by the check-in counter as well if you want a free sweet treat as well.

While we didn't eat at the downstairs restaurant because we had reservations elsewhere, we were told that it was one of the best in the area and certainly worth trying.  Perhaps it's another excuse to get back to Edinburgh - not that I needed one.  Visiting was one of the highlights of my travels on this trip.  Can't wait to return.
Great perks for free, incredibly friendly staff and good food -what's not to love about this place?! Nice gym too!  Wish there were more of these hotels around!!
AWESOME! Location, staff, amenities, value and vibe - AWESOME! Scottish hotties in kilts that are beyond kind. Very helpful and amiable. Man and I booked a double room with one floor-to-ceiling window that faced Edinburg Library and the cobbled street of Johnstown terrace. Mod room with a historically charming view.

Gorgeous interiors with heavily Italian-designed influence. Obviously. Lots of colorfully bold zigs and zags and exquisite tiles, rugs and oversized vases (Taller than me). Hands-down the Comfiest hotel bed at any hotel stay EVER. The bath Shower - Ah-MAY-zing. Double rain head. Posh. God did I need that after coming from so far across the pond. Extremely clean and right space for 2 with steamer trunks. (Kidding, but might need one on way home). Complimentary laundry up to 2 pieces each p/ person daily. Bar/restaurant looked fab but we wanted to stretch out. Located right off the Royal mile where we spent most of our time. On the pricier side but worth it, especially for the first leg of a long trip. We booked out a month and got a great deal via booking.com. Will be back and will stay here again. Can't say enough good stuff. Will post pix soon.
We did not stay in the hotel & only visited the hotel bar, however the bar and decor is
superb!! very hip!  We were welcomed in by a charming chap in a kilt and got a table easliy. 
Their is such a nice relaxed atmosphere and an extensive cocktail menu! I was 
unsure what to have when the waiter asked and so when i described what i like in 
my cocktail, he said he could make one up for me that he'd think id like!! Services was fantastic I never thought about popping in here in the afternoon, but it really is a delight to visit.
A cool, trendy, special little place. Didn't feel posh as much as just cool.
Very nicely (differently) decorated. Opulent. Load of things that glitter and are shiny. On entering the lobby you know you are in a peculiar place that is terribly marmite. 
The doorman wears a black & white Missoni stripe kilt.. yes. 

The entrance-hall is not what you expect and at the same time nothing too special in terms of usefulness. to your left the reception for room occupants. in the middle the bar and to the right the stairs to the dining room. I don't need to elaborate on the decoration as that is a given in a Missoni hotel, but a special mention needs to go to the general toilets - Tchakkaa! what a surprise - mirror balls hanging from the ceiling soft lighting and scarlett red tiled like walls and round light bulbs on the mirror (that is just the men's room..) . 

The bar area is cosy, and the zebra skin benches and chairs are comfortably strewn (is that the word?) with pillows.

You pay hotel prices for drinks, but boy what a place to drink'm. 

We also visited the restaurant  upstairs and we were pleased with the quality of the food. Nothing outstanding but perfectly cooked. The service was in the restaurant was impeccable and could not be faulted. They also offered an outside smoking terras / atrium that will be a nice little suntrap in the summer. 

The few visits here were about decadence and being nosey. There are better places so no 5 stars, but a real favourite nonetheless as it is exclusive and different.
Great, great place right in the action. No need to bring any electronics. They had iPad, all inroom music. Very modern and cool. Rooms decent size too.
Prosecco on tap! Amazingness.

My tip from quite some time ago still stands. You can get prosecco on tap...that's amazing! Imagine having a prosecco tap in your house that was just a fountain of bubbling prosecco 24/7...I mean obviously you'd make no progress in life and you'd be slightly inebriated throughout the day, but it'd still be a cool option to have. Water or prosecco, water or prosecco...hmmm, I think I feel like prosecco with my Special K this morning...boom, the day's got off to a good start! Missoni should install prosecco taps in some of the rooms in the hotel...YES! They would be fully booked until the end of eternity.

Right, I'm signing off now, this has gone far enough. Other things I can say that actually, still relate to prosecco...the afternoon teas here are a real treat and worth trying, as there's always a banterful atmosphere within the famously vibrant decor of the bar, and a nice mix of visitors to Edinburgh along with locals who are up for good times. You can pop up to Cucina for some splendid Italian food if you get peckish after all that PROSECCO.

Prosecco..........
I had afternoon tea (what Americans would call High Tea) here today. Overall, I was a fan, and I'd recommend it, with a few reservations.

The decor and service were acceptable but left me indifferent. Others will doubtless find them more to their taste.

Now to the important part - the gustatory experience. The tea comes on a tray in three layers:
  1. Bottom layer - sandwiches: these were, on the whole palatable enough.  The balance of chutney and cheddar was slightly off, and I could almost hear the egg salad crying for more mustard, but the smoked salmon was perfect. The bread, unfortunately, was a bit too soft for my liking.
  2. Middle  layer - scones (one raisin, one plain); undoubtedly the tea's crowning glory, served with a copious bowl of clotted cream and jam. Unfortunately, the scones came smothered in a cloud of confectioner's sugar, which made them far too sweet. I'd recommend brushing it off for an optimal experience.
  3. Top layer - from the pastry chef; this was the most variable layer. On the one hand, an amaretto ice cream  which literally had angels playing a Beethoven sonata on my taste-buds, and a delicious salted caramel macaroon with successive waves of wonderful, deep, subtle flavors. The frozen mocha ganache also deserves an honorable mention and I wouldn't have said no to some more. The last two components, however, left much to be desired. A few beans of unsweetened cream on what appeared to be a piece of rye bread (though I'm sure it couldn't have been!) and an orange and Grand Marnier baba of indeterminate consistency with candied orange zest which pulled my senses too hard in too many directions.

Overall, I'd certainly recommend the Hotel Missoni afternoon tea, if only for its high points, but don't be too disappointed to find a mixed bag of goods.
Great hotel right on the Royal Mile. Rooms are very modern and chic, yet functional.  Loved the free (non-alcoholic) mini bar in the rooms, US/UK power adapter, free wifi, and comfy king bed. Free dry cleaning for 2 items/day, additional items not unreasonably priced.  Service was prompt and efficient. Location, fabulous. Did not try the bar nor restaurant here but truly enjoyed the stay and would not hesitate to book again.
I really REALLY wanted to love this hotel. And many thing worked. 90% of the "design" experience is exceptional. The food in the restaurants is outstanding, and the staff (with one important exception) are truly amazing. 

Only two issues, but for me significant enough that I'll return to The Glasshouse next time in Edinburgh for a week. 

The rooms are smaller than my closet. Claustrophobic. Very clever design to create accommodate the (lack of space) but barely able to have a open suitcase readily available.   OK for a night, possibly two, but not a week. 

Their menu pricing is absurd.   To get the cooked breakfast I want, I have to pay another £13 for a buffet continental break I don't want - even if I order it from room service where I don't even have access to the buffet. 

The manager (Scott) neither comprehended the stupidity of this, nor cared to understand the dynamics - adding £38 per night to the room rate makes it more expensive that The Glasshouse, which has a far superior breakfast included. 

Bad business decision.
I had a great experience with Hotel Missoni. It was unlike anywhere I had stayed before - extremely modern in every way. Some people referred to it as having an Austin Powers feel. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because you have to pay for wifi. Our bed and breakfasts across the country had free wifi  and for paying that much more, we felt it should have been complimentary. Additionally, if you book early enough you can get a great deal!
1 George IV Bridge, EH1 1AD A decent brunch buffet if that is what you are looking for. Serve lunch and dinner, too, but we never tried.
I didn't stay at the hotel so I can't comment on that, but I did come here for afternoon tea with my sister.

It's one of the pricier options for afternoon tea in Edinburgh but I'd say it's worth the price. The pastries, scones, and sandwiches were all delicious and my only vice is that the portions are too small. But that's to be expected of all afternoon tea spreads. And plus, let's be real, it's the Missoni. Everyone knows that people in fashion don't eat.

The atmosphere is trendy. If the name doesn't clue you in that Missoni operates this hotel, the decor certainly does.

I had really friendly and attentive service when I was here and was very happy. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone else interested.
The Hotel Missoni is written up in every single magazine and website as the place to stay in Edinburgh.  The location is awesome.  It's very central to everything in the old town.  You can walk to everything which is great if you're only in Edinburgh for a short stay.  The front desk and the bellman are very friendly and helpful.  

The rooms are well appointed and Missoni'd out from the towels, robe and bedding.  We stayed in a standard room which was fine for the weekend.  The bathroom was colourful and functional with a shower a sink.  The closet was a small, but ok for the short stay. They have nespresso machines in the room which is always a plus.

Would I go back?  Yes, because all around it's a good hotel in a very good location.
I'd read about this place and was really excited about trying it out. Unlike a lot of places though, Pickled Green was every bit as amazing as I'd thought it was going to be. The concept is simple: tasty food that's both bikini and wallet-friendly. What's not to love?!

They only use seasonal ingredients which they can source locally, which explains the good vlue for money and also why the food is always really fresh. They have a list of these ingredients when you go in - at the moment it's courgettes, samphire, wood pigeon, courgettes and artichokes, but it means that the menu is changing all the time. This is particularly good if, like me, you plan to be heading back here very soon.

I'm not a vegetarian, but some of the veggie dishes on their lunch menu when I was there looked so good that I had to go against all my principles and order one. For my main course I went for the Broccoli Risotto with Watercress and Toasted Almonds, and it was definitely a good decision. If you're in a meatier mood, my friend had a pork fillet with caramelised apples and champ mash. Needless to say, I pinched a bit, and I still can't decide whose was the better choice.

For their lunch menu, you'll pay £10 for two courses or £12.50 for three... Whichever one you go for, you'll feel like you robbed them.
At first glance, Pickled Green looks very stripped down, shiny and new from the outside. That is only because they are new, and for an establishment just joining Edinburgh's eating scene they are doing exceptionally well.

They post up snippets of their high profile rave reviews in the window and on their signs, which can occasionally put me off eating in a place. But Pickled Green's contemporary surroundings are clean without being unwelcoming. And really, you sould be concentrating on the food - which is amazing!

With mouthwatering spinach, spring vegetables and soup, their lunchtime menu is an absolute treat. The majority of their food is locally sourced and they seem to regularly update their menu. I visited here with my friends and our meals were so tasty there wasn't a scrap left on any of our plates. There is also enough on the menu to appease veggies, no matter what time of the day you stop in for a dish!

The staff are friendly, the surroundings are relaxed and the chef is shit hot - not bad for its first year! A very welcome addition to Rose Street's good eateries, it's no wonder Pickled Green is tickling its customers pink.
It may not look much from the outside, but Pinkerton Smith is actually a surprisingly good little restaurant cum cafe with an emphasis on seasonal and fresh food. It has a slight feel of being aimed at the organic Earth Mother brigade, but don't let that out you off.

Wood pigeon might not sound the best, but it's far more tasty than munching on a disease ridden flying rat caught fresh from Waverley Station. The soups and vegetables are also pretty solid, and the fresh, natural taste of the scran ensures you feel healthy and alive rather than sick and bloated once you leave.

Prices get ramped up severely in the evening, so it's best to visit at lunch.
All pubs on Rose Street are more or less the same, but they're all brilliant.
As Marj has said, they have all their reviews stuck up on their windows, which is a bit arrogant yeah, but it works. If someone recommends it, I'll go, and that is exactly how I found myself in Pickled Green. 
It's a nice place, nicely decorated and nice friendly staff. The atmosphere is really good too, really chilled.
The food is good too, although that's second-hand information I'm afraid as I've only been for a drink. Rest assured, I'll come for something to eat!
Pickled Green is a great little restaurant serving traditional British food. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, Pickled Green is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. 

The inside of the restaurant is really contemporary and modern, with wooden floors and wooden tables and chairs, with lots of light and space. I came here for the first time just a few weeks ago for dinner, and the place looked great inside, but I found sitting on the wooden benches got really uncomfortable after a while and there was no back to them either, so after an hour or so I was itching to stand up. The dinner menu was pretty small, but there was a decent selection of options on it. I had the chilled pea soup to start which was completely amazing. It was the first time I had eaten cold soup, and I didn't think I was going to like it, but it was full of flavour and tasted really fresh. I then had salmon with new potatoes for my main course, which was equally beautiful. The salmon was cooked perfectly and there was a great wee sauce to go with it - yum! 

The prices are pretty reasonable too, with most main courses costing £7, and a three course meal costing £20 which is a good deal. Pickled Green is a great restaurant, serving delicious food, but you might want to be prepared to bring cushions with you for the uncomfy seats!
Super! Traditional Scottish plus contemporary gastro-pub. Go here.
This place just takes itself a little too seriously.

I like nice décor and surroundings just as much as anyone else when I go to a restaurant, but I really don't need to read about who designed it/what fabric they used for it/where this particular cushion was imported from in the menu. By definition, when I open the menu it's because I'm hungry and I want to eat.

After all their obsessive descriptions about every aspect of every single item that was within a mile radius of the restaurant, I couldn't help but suspect that they were doing it to dazzle you so much that you wouldn't notice if the food was mediocre. And it turned out I was right. I have no doubt that the ingredients were all grown especially for them and probably flown in on a private jet or something equally ridiculous, but there are so many other great food places along George IV bridge that I did feel a bit ripped off.

Being part of the Hotel Missoni, people will always eat here. Mainly because of it's reputation and because it's the kind of place that you can name-drop. But unfortunately the quality and style of Missoni clothes doesn't transfer to their hotel restaurants.
Everything about Hotel Missoni is newly stylish, immaculately finished, and trimmed with an edge of slightly eccentric fun, including Cucina, the Italian restaurant that makes up part of the hotel.

This is definitely a classy Italian dining experience, where you're served by smooth Missoni clad waiters, who are the kind of waiters that seem to glide along quietly doing their thing, not interfering too much with your meal, but making sure that everything is attended to nonetheless.

I had freshly made penne pasta with a pork ragu sauce, which was fantastic and full of flavour, followed by a good old glass vessel of Tiramisu, very much on the coffee tasting side of things, rather than the sweeter edge served up in some restaurants, and really, really good. This restaurant gets a no hesitation recommendation from me, although strangely for a Thursday night, normally a fairly busy evening in town, the restaurant seemed pretty quiet. Probably just a one off, because town didn't really seem that busy anyway on that particular evening, and sometimes it's better to have a bit of peace and quiet while you have some quality pasta and parmesan time.
When it comes to decor and ambience, Cucina would get 5 stars. 

Designed by Rosita Missono, it's a beautiful space that occupies a huge corner of the Hotel Missoni's first floor. Sunshine streams in through the windows and there's a mix of round booths and intimate tables centred around the never ending black and white sofa . The furniture and tableware are as delightful as the hotel rooms and everything from the linen to the wine glasses seems high spec. 

The problem is, the food and customer service are only 3 star. I went on a Wednesday lunchtime and couldn't believe how slow and unresponsive the waitresses were. It took twenty minutes to get our starters - of goats cheese and salad! - and when two of us were given under-cooked salmon as a main, nobody came and checked if we were happy with the food. Instead they simply waited til our last diner had finished and then cleared the plates away.  

Admittedly, we were only eating Cucina's Missoni a Mezzegoioni - two courses for £10, 3 courses for £13 lunch - but if the food had been great, we would have been tempted to go back in the evening and order from the full menu. As it is, we left feeling hungry and bemused. The bread and puddings were top notch but where were the fresh, seasonal ingredients we were promised on the menu? And where was the Missoni's usually excellent customer service? Having a vacation in Italy?
I am a fan, but only for a particular time and a particular occasion. Cucina is housed within Hotel Missoni. Its sleek, trendy, very central and very much a ladies-who-lunch, business meeting type place. Nice to clink a few glasses of bubbly in the evening too I imagine.

As I do before all pre-arranged lunch or dinners, I went onto their website prior to scout out what I could have. I know this isn't actually part of the restaurant but lordy the website is frustrating! It's all moving images, flashing colours, music, and it took me about 10 clicks to find the menu (I did eventually find it).

This level of trendy, sophisticated show-offy-ness does continue into the restaurant. The staff were all very friendly, and it had a quiet, nice buzz but it did feel very...showy. In particular when a very small waitress came out carrying a HUGE tray with our two small starter plates on it, with a much larger male waiter beside her took them off the tray and onto the table. Quite a lot of pomp and ceremony for soup and salad. But, as I said, they were friendly and seemed genuinely warm so whilst it was pompy it was pretentious.

The decor is also a bit...well it's not me. But hey, each to their own.

The reason for my four stars is the food was really damned good. I ordered the duck and orange salad to start, and chicken for main. But when the duck salad arrived and I realised how big it was I cancelled my main - and there was no fuss. The duck was so tender, although it MAY have been confit de canard which would explain why. But there was a lot of it. The orange sauce was lightly sweet but not overpowering. The little orange flesh dotted throughout the most delicious orange I've tasted out of season. And, like I said, it was a very generous portion.

I also tasted my dining companions baked hake with lentils. I didn't order this as I don't do lentils, but the hake was dreamy. So soft it, for want of a better and not overly-used description, melted like butter in my mouth. Had we been more intimate acquaintances I would have picked away at the plate more but felt it rude to eat half his main.

The coffee was VERY strong and small, so quite authenticly Italian then. It came with two sugar-covered gelatine sweets, I can't remember the name, but like very posh fruit pastilles. They were gooey-ish, turkish-delightish and a very nice touch.

This was definitely a 'foodie' experience. The rest of the place isn't my scene, but if I were to do a business lunch or office night out, or a celebration of sorts for a group of people I'd definitely consider it. I could happily eat all of that duck and orange salad again.
we stayed at the hotel and arrived late so decided to eat at the restaurant.  the homemade pasta, esp the tagliatelle bolognese, is outstanding.  al dente, good flavor, a very tasty basic pasta dish.  the other food was solid too.  whenever i see liver (not foie gras) on the menu, i order it.  they served it in cubes instead of whole slab of liver-shape.  i was afraid it would be overcooked since it was smaller pieces but it was very good.  lemon sole, roast chicken, all solid.  we liked the tagliatelle so much, we went back the next night too.  first night the bread basket was warm and fresh.  2nd night, the bread was dry and old.  oh well.  both nights, our pastas came out immediately then there was a very long lull before our main dishes came out.  seemed like a common theme with other diners too.  staff is very friendly tho.  restaurant is kinda noisy due to the oh-so-hip bar downstairs.
Rather underwhelming. The food doesn't match the quality of the uber-chic surroundings. We summed it up: "Cucina at Missoni delivers stylish dishes, but not the quality to match the elegance. The menu has some good ideas and some dishes that sound enticing, but suffers in terms of execution. There are many better Italian restaurants in Edinburgh, so we won't be rushing back there, any time soon."
Having been to Cucina twice in two days (!) - I must say I loved it there both times!

I went for lunch - set menu (2 course for £15) and really enjoyed both meals - although was not fond of the dessert the first time (tiramisu) so opted for a starter the second time.

So! For lunch - both times, it was pretty quiet.  We were seated quickly.  Both times, service was a little slow, but not from the kitchen which was fast (the waiter at one point mentioned they aimed for both courses in 45 minutes), taking orders, getting the bill etc was slow.  Not that I minded but  - I suggest if you are in a hurry for lunch - tell them so that they wait on a you a little quicker!

Decor! Well - for me, it's too busy! There are lots of stripes, zigzags and dots - which I'm sure are lovely for some - but actually at time made me dizzy! Ooops.

Heartily recommend and am now really looking forward for an occasion to go for dinner!
Okay, I'm not a big fan of Missoni or Rosita Missono.I think that the dining room looks like a television test pattern ran amok.  This emperor's-new-clothes fusion of patterns is a lot of hipster lite claptrap. The food, though, is top-drawer Italian, made and served by the paisani.  They made a beautiful Risotto Milanese and a potato-parmesan stuffed ravioli with a black truffle butter sauce that were foundational elegance della Cucina Italiana.  Bring sunglasses and enjoy the food. The hipsters will just think you're famous.  Reservations are best, or the host will ask you how fast you can mangia before he fills the table again.
Food: We ordered three starters (the octopus, the caprese and the zucchini) along with three entrees (the lasagna, the lamb and the ribeye steak).  Everything was delicious especially the lasagne.  For dessert we shared ice cream.

Drinks: We ordered one bottle of red wine.
 
Price: 105.25 GBP for three people.
 
Ambiance: The restaurant is very nice and wasn't very crowded.
 
Service: It was fine and our waitress was friendly.
 
Would I go back?  Yes, it's good food and convenient if you're staying in the hotel.
Very nice location, friendly service and tasty food.
A very fancy bar, Bond No. 9 is somewhere perfect for dates, girly nights out or just if you feel like getting dressed up and sipping on some cocktails of an evening.

Their drinks menu is extensive and they have a great selection of cocktails, it took me a good while to choose what I wanted. All the cocktails here are quite a good bit more imaginative that your average cocktail bar and you won't see boring old Cosmopolitans or French Martinis on the menu here.

It is also worth mentioning that all day from Sunday to Wednesday they offer a few discounted cocktails including "Sunshine on Nine" for a mere £4.50. This cocktail is a nice fresh, gin infused summertime drink and it tastes even better when you're getting it so cheap.
A proper bar!!

Staff that know how to make cocktails, music that fits the venue and some nice seated areas.

A real jewel in the Leith bar scene it really offers something a little bit different to the area.

Yet to try the food btu i will be back their soon for sure.!
What better way to start a Monday morning that remember the best parts of the weekend just past. And Bond No 9 was certainly one of, if not the, highlight of my weekend. I can't believe that when a group of yelpers were debating whether to stay in Leith post Roseleaf dinner, and head to Bond No 9, or head to George Street, I was dismissing Bond No 9 before giving it a look or sip. Just as well Jason, Gillian and Jurgen are so stubborn!

It was a pitch-black, cold, rainy Saturday night and I don't know Leith well, so was just following the crowd along Constitution Street when suddenly everyone had disappeared. What? Into that very innocuous looking door in a bare stone wall? No flashiness, no big sign, no group of smokers or drunken punters standing outside. Nothing to distinguish it from the furniture shops and closed doors around it. Understated, nice.

So, what did I find inside? A hugely expansive bar that kept the dark, intimate atmosphere. A bar full of beautiful bartenders serving beautiful cocktails (old favourites as well as house specials), another room full of couches out the back, all candlelit, a DJ playing from a piano-converted-into-decks, and a lot of happy but not overly drunken people. 

There was no problem finding a space on a Saturday night, we just bunched a few tables together for our larger party. There weren't many crowds at the bar, waiting time for cocktails was just the right length: long enough you know they're crafted with care, but made as promptly as possible.

I won't keep waxing lyrical about the bar itself: all you need to know is it's beautiful, dark, intimate, sexy, plays the best music I've heard a bar play in a long while (why was no one dancing? My only regret.) the bar tenders are beautiful, attentive, good fun, the toilets are clean, the clientelle are good company, and I can't find fault. It'd be perfect for a date night, a group of friends, early evening drinks. 

Now, to the cocktails. The menu isn't overly large but I'm sure they'll mix up whatever you want, even if it's not listed. But to the ones you maybe haven't heard of. A whole page for absinthe-cocktails alone. Joe A and Kerrin R went back and ordered 3 Red Fairies each. I have witnessed them try a few cocktails before, but normally only one before moving on to JD and cokes. Also, yelpers like to try as many different flavours and options as possible. Ordering three cocktails in a row, all of the same cocktail, was a first. And testament to, I imagine, how delicious they found it. Also, it led to some pretty crackin' banter.

I tried Shake Your Boudoir, which turned out to be my bartenders signature. I watched him hand squeeze the orange juice, use a grapefruit liqueor of whom he knew the supplier, and it was quite lovely. But oh, my daiquiri (just plain daquiri, not fruity) was potentailly the strongest I've ever had. It tasted like pure rum, with a hint of lemon. Perfect but oh my.

I think I have found my new favourite bar in Edinburgh. I have other wee favourites in Leith but not ones that are so great I'd make the trek down to Leith *just* for them. Bond No 9 is different. I would go that extra mile for that daiquiri again. 

If I've ever gone AWOL, before you send out the search party, just head to Bond No 9 - it's where you're likely to find me in a daiquiri-loved-up haze.
"What about Bond No. 9?" Jason said. And as the majority of the group began to voice their enthusiasm, the fear of the unknown shuddered through me. Fair enough, Bond No. 9 was local. Fair enough, my suggestions were all a taxi ride into town. Fair enough, there were a good dozen of us in transit.

But I didn't know Bond No. 9. I didn't TRUST Bond No 9.

Halfway along Commercial Street and I realised JD and Tavis had disappeared. They'd only been twenty yards ahead, the road was long and straight and I could see all the way down to the Granary. Yet vanish they had, and all that I could see were the distant lights of the Shore, closed shops to our left, lamps and furniture I think; and  a couple of overly occupied bus stops (get the finger oot, LRT!).

Impatiently I heard myself ask "Where did they go?", to which Jason replied "Why, Bond No. 9 of course," and pointed to the closed lamp shop.

Only on closer inspection did I realise said lamp shop was not closed. And not in fact a lamp shop. 

So as I stepped into Bond No. 9, greeted by the pretty waitress, and took a look around, I felt the cold grip of doubt release me... this was my type of place.

From the cocktails, to the noise level, to the clientele, to the ambience, Bond No. 9 is about 3 chavs shy of being exactly what I look for in a bar. If this place were in town it would surely be rammed with sozzled posers and wannabe WAGs. Style oozes in abundance, whether it be the dim-but-not-too-dark lighting, the knowledgeable and confident barstaff or the piano-cum-DJ box. A fine and expansive array of cocktails and wines are on offer and the out-of-the-way location means that the place is busy but not so busy you'll be waiting 20 minutes on a drink.

The DJ knew how to keep a chilled yet funky vibe. And there are areas individually dedicated to eating, drinking, smoking and chilling respectively. 

How had this place avoided my radar?

Of the cocktails, I was swung by the Red Fairy, combining Absinthe, Crème de Fraise, lemon juice and soda. Smelled like liquorice yet tasted like strawberries. And so impressive I had 3.

The food menu looked promising and I look forward to having another go at this place, perhaps on a slightly busier Friday night and perhaps grabbing a bite.

Regardless of location, Bond No 9 could easily become my new favourite bar in Edinburgh.
I have no idea how I first heard of Bond no 9, I only remember thinking "oooh, I want to go there."

Well it has been several months since I first had that desire and I have only actually managed to come here a total of two times, but it was two very different times.

On my first visit, it was early Saturday evening, and Bond no 9 gave me exactly what I wanted, a relaxed atmosphere, a comfortable place to sit, and an incredibly tasty drink.  

My second visit was completely different.  Saturday night around 10:30, the bar was packed (though we still managed a table very quickly), and incredibly loud.  
The music was great but it was *too* loud.  If we were in a club, or if it had a dancelfoor it would have been great, but there was no proper dancefloor and the four of us sat there yelling at the top of our lungs in order to be heard by the person we were chatting with.  Ok I sound like such an old lady it's unreal, but surely if you can afford to come here you probably aren't a student, right?  

I would definitely come back because the drinks are excellent, but my return visit would be for some early evening drinks, because I do prefer to actually hear what my friends are saying.
I'm downgrading Bond no 9 because they made the mistake of selling a Groupon inviting people to go there and eat steak... and they don't appear to properly know *how* to cook steak.

If they hadn't told me to order steak, I wouldn't have.  But they did, and I assumed that it was their specialty.

Let me backtrack...

The Man and I came here a couple of weeks ago for our three course meal with a malbec cocktail.

We were seated at a great quiet table, and were served by one lovely waitress and one kind of young, inexperienced and somewhat indifferent waitress (wearing, by the way, a see-through shirt... what's with these young people and their fashion?!).  
Our starters were nice - The Man's haggis balls were great and my onion pancake with fennel and pomegranite was ok, but wasn't awesome like the haggis.  We both ordered the chocolate mousse with some kind of crispy thing in it, and that was lovely.  Equally so was the malbec cocktail which came with the meal.  

The biggest let down was the steak.  It was a ribeye, I think?  This meant it was quite fatty but had a really good flavour.  I believe it was meant to be served with some kind of peppercorn sauce, which was left off, but most importantly our medium rare steak was grey.  By that I mean that it was cooked completely through.  There was no medium, no rare, just well done.  There is really really really no excuse for a kitchen to put out food that is so shockingly overdone, especially when the dining room wasn't even full.  

I don't understand why they would invite people to come and try their food, opening the doors to leagues of new customers, and mess up such an important and easy aspect of the meal.  We both felt that they had really let themselves down, because as previously stated, everything else would have made for a great night.  Unfortunately, such a poorly cooked main really left a bad taste in our mouths.

That being said, we would come back for nibbles and drinks, but we won't be returning for a full meal.
I've heard a lot of people talking about Bond No. 9 recently so I thought I'd check it out for myself.  I hate to say but I was disappointed.  

I went on a Tuesday night and it was fairly busy with 5 tables eating food but that's the maximum they have in their restaurant section.  The food was OK - I had Thai fish stew for starter which was a meal within itself and the chunks of fish were swimming over the sides of the bowl so I'd definitely recommend this!  That's about the only recommendation I have for this place I'm afraid.

I'd heard great things about the chicken and chorizo kebab but it was just chicken and choizo, nothing more special than that.  The steaks were delicious - huge, tender with very little fat.  I didn't think much of the chips though, not sure how you get chips wrong but the person that I was dining with enjoyed them so perhaps that's down to individual tastes.  I had chocolate mouse for desert which was a spoonful of moose so for £4.50 I thought was a bit stingey.  

Even though the bar was full of 20-30 something young professionals I just didn't think that there was any atmosphere at all.  I wasn't able to fully relax, partly because when I was shown to my seat the waiter explained that I shouldn't lean back on my chair as the back was broken and I'd fall backwards onto the floor?!?!?!  Next to me was another chair just sitting in the middle of the restaurant which was blatantly falling apart too so I reckon they need to invest in more furniture!  The whole place could do with a spruce up to be honest as the paint was cracking off the walls and in the toilets there were no toilet paper dispenser, just paper scattered all over the floor.  

I wish I had something better to say but I'm afraid that's it.
Though I live relatively close by I have not managed to visit here very often. But the times that I did I've had a good time. 

I am most impressed with the relaxed, comfortable and yet classy interior and furniture. Brown wood,  dark greys and racing greens mixed in with sparkles of colour like copper and chrome - very tasteful. 
Second compliment must go to the staff. Very friendly and a great knowledge of what they serve - especially the Cocktails. I love the Absinthe carafe / drip. 

I had the great pleasure of visiting whether it being for a surprise birthday party or a Glenmorangie whisky tasting (which also was attended by Tom Kitchin BTW) as well as a cosy night with friends. It just works.. most of the time.

What irks me, and possibly has held me back from visiting more often
..this place is dark, shadowy (apart from the conservatory) - it creates sometimes an atmosphere of being trapped in a Film Noir.  Being it high summer or deep winter. It makes the bar temperature cooler (temperature wise)  on view and the senses. (the exception being the conservatory)
..the high barstools are.. err.. cumbersome, difficult to negotiate. I rather stand. 

When there are (too) many people it becomes difficult to find a comfortable place to spend the time. 

So if you find a good spot in the conservatory hold on to it for the duration that you are there, leather sofas and coffee tables. 
I should make more effort visiting here because I do like it , I just don't come round to doing so
They make mulled wine on demand. Just ask. Yes, even after Christmas is over!
That sums up how great the service is, and the atmosphere or menu won't leave you disappointed either.
Holy Mancini the cocktails here are the bomb.

I first encountered Bond no9 thanks to my sister. She and her other half hid in the place hiding from the snow on the way to pick up a christmas tree in 2009 and now make it a tradition to go there every christmas for a hot toddy before getting their christmas tree.

I tagged along on their second year of this tradition and was recommended a Blazer by the staff there are a good warming drink. THEY SET FIRE TO IT!

Seriously it's called a blazer for a reason, go ask for one! Mega tasty and a hell of a pouring spectacle! They do a range of unique cocktails crafted by their own mixology crew, as well as your tradition cocktails.

They also do super tasty food here. I'd particularly recommend their lite bites and their thai curry things. mmm mmm good.

This place is hoaching at weekends and has DJ's throwing down good tunes. Definitely worth a visit!
Friday evening: working week over - what to do now? Well, head over to Bond No 9 for some food and drinks and then see what happens!

This was the plan. Bond No sure delivered. Another voucher to be used - this time the deal was for gourmet pies, roasted veg, fries and a bottle of wine. Started off with haggis bon bons, which sounds very playful :)  They were delightful and came with grainy mustard. Nice start for a meal. The wine was lovely, the pies were truly scrumptious and so were the fries and the veg as well. 

What I also loved about Bond No 9 is the service. The waitress was so friendly and everything was brought to our table with not too much waiting. In some places, when you ask for condiments e.g. mayonnaise, it is often forgotten or they mayo is brought over when the chips are already finished. Fear not for this happening here - you are in safe hands :)

You must also try the wonderful cocktails this place serves - you won't be disappointed!
monday night is probably not the night most people wander out for a few cocktails while catching up with a friend.  but i like to bend the rules a bit, so i headed to Bond No 9 this past monday to enjoy some alcoholic beverages and a good chat with a good friend.

what i love about Bond No 9 is the variety of cocktails they have on offer.  they've recently redone their menu to give it a good update, but also have a note that they will still make any of the cocktails off their old menu if you ask.  additionally if you ask for a cocktail that isn't on any menu or just fancy something different they're happy to mix something up that suits your tastes.  the bartenders are excellent and i've never had a bad drink here.  on monday i partook in a rural gimlet which was a lovely mixture of gin and grapefruit aand nettle (or was it thistle) syrup and other citrus fruits.  i also had a violetta resereva that featured a mixture of rums, violet syrup, and some other things to make it taste lovely.  clearly i had a few too many cocktails as their descriptions are a bit fuzzy now...

i also ordered a burger from their newly updated menu.  i was a bit disappointed that their new menu didn't have any salads on it or any of the sandwiches or lighter dishes feature on their old menu.  but the burger was very tasty as were the fries so i can't complain too much.

this place is great when it's warm and sunny as they have a really big outdoor seating area along the commercial wharf but it's also good when it's not warm and sunny as it has a large indoor space with loads of comfy seating.  there is also a dedicated area for the restaurant if you're only in to eat food.

definitely a great bar to go to and it doesn't usually get too crowded as most people don't tend to go to the shore for a night out.  their loss really, but my gain as i can always get a seat and served quickly :)
I live across the road from Bond No. 9 which has always been a dangerous thing for my liver and my purse but of late the arrival of a new addition to the family has meant a serious cutback on going out! Apparently I needn't have as you can bring your wee ones in with you...and your mutt to if needs be. Two things I never knew about the place until I happened to be walking by and spotted a couple in with a dog and a baby. I can understand the reason why as the last thing you'd want your super cool trendy cocktail bar to turn into is a creche and doggy day care centre. So for those few of us now in the know, hush hush please. 
I love nothing more than chilling out at this place. Be it for an all day drink session or popping in after a meal out. The bar staff are uber knowledgable on all things drink with the added bonus of having personalities :) 
As for the food I've only ever had the tapas selection at this place which has always been tasty and good value for money.
I never fail to be surprised by this place. Anywhere I can go and say that I'm in the mood for something particular and it gets made no matter whether it's on the menu or not is a bar for me!
I've been dying to try Bond No 9 for ages, and being out with the sisters last night and each of us merry winos, it just felt right to go there. Now, to be fair, having never been in there before, I had a totally different idea of what Bond No. 9 would be like, and walking into the joint, there was a super loud band playing Guns N Roses. I had a moment to myself, have I just dragged us all to the middle of Leith for a semi mediocre bar? 

I could feel 4 eyes boring into me as conversation died a death around us. 

Nonetheless, we were here already, and it was time to order. A cheeky white wine, a cocktail and a somewhat more cheeky red. Holy moly I nearly cried when I got the bill for a robust £23 for 3 drinks. After that round, it was bottles of wine all the way. 

Now, cost aside and noisy band aside, Bond No 9 is a rather nice bar, and during the summer, when it isn't thunderstorms (as it was when we visited), looks like the outdoor seating area would be great. The cocktail (Pin the Tail) that my sister chose was rather violently and enthusiastically shaken up - I don't think I've ever seen a mixologist throw so much repressed anger into a glass before. But she was more than happy with the results. 

Would I rush back to Bond No 9? Possibly, it's a pleasant enough place, but I don't think I am ready to rave about it yet.
Set in a cool location at the shore! The cocktails here are wonderful, a great amibience at night and a cool establishment during the day for lunch and maybe a wine? Swish interior and nice large moet champagne pillows, which i would love to have! :)
Visited for an early evening meal during the week. Excellent food, good service and very reasonable prices.
This was not the first time I had visited Bond No. 9, and it won't be the last as I was again so impressed by everything.

The Chicken & Bacon pie forced me to wrack my brain for decent enough superlatives, unfortunately I didn't succeed. The pie had the lightest flakier pastry top. Inside were treasures more rich than Aladdin's cave itself. Whole, huge chunks of the most succulent breast of Chicken with juicy pieces of back bacon, chopped scallions (spring onions) in a sauce so thick, rich and enchanting I felt utterly spellbound. Gigantic wedges of potato and parsnips complimented this Gastro taste bud tingly dish that was washed down by a pint of locally brewed Barney's Volcano IPA (4.6%), a great pairing indeed.

For dessert I chose the White Chocolate Cheese Cake (technically there is no such thing as White Chocolate as it's just cocoa butter, vanilla(or vanillin) and an emulsifying agent such as Lecithin, oops, but, I digress). The White Chocolate Cheesecake was velvety smooth, light, yet, full of creamy flavor, a nice and quite indulgent way to finish a stunningly good meal.

Service (by Claire) was just perfect, outstanding in fact.

Highly recommended indeed.

P.S.
They have the über amazing, "Barney's Beet Red" Ale (3.9%) in bottles. Yes! an ale flavoured with Beetroot! And it sure works!
As far as snack-time views go, you can't get much better than this. Assuming, that is, that you're lucky enough to be eating here on one of the rare sunny days that Einburgh sees every year! It's nestled in the lower floor of the National Galleries Complex in Princes Street Gardens, with big floor-to-ceiling windows along one wall, and plenty of outside tables.

I just popped in for a coffee whilst I was waiting for a friend, but I spied things like sandwiches, soups and croissants etc on the menu if you're feeling peckish. There's not too much detail you can go into when describing a coffee, but it was piping hot and there was lots of foam on top of my cappucino. Those are usually my two grumbles, but no complaints here.

I'll definitely be adding this place to my list of places to catch up with friends, as it beats a soul-less Costa Coffee or Starbucks any day.
Located on the ground floor of the National Gallery, The Scottish Cafe & Restaurant is a lovely cafe that offers incredibly fresh and flavoursome Scottish food. All the ingredients are sustainably produced and there's a selection of everything from snacks and light meals to hale and hearty mains like organic chicken, lamb, steak and traditional cullen skunk. They also sell a tasty range of freshly baked layer cakes, cupcakes, old fashioned ice-cream sundaes and afternoon tea. 

Being a self-confessed sweet-tooth, I usually opt for a buttermilk fruit scone with strawberry jam or a bowl of their warming organic porridge with fresh berries and heather honey. Both cost under a fiver and usually give me the sugar-rush I need to climb The Mount and explore the Royal Mile or Grassmarket.
Oh. The Joy.

Not only is it inside a museum, all the food is incredibly fresh and appears to be mostly organic, if not local.

The colours inside are nice and earthen-tone, the staff is very attentive, but not intrusively so. The ambiance is quiet, mellow, like a soft brook gliding through an autumn forest. Okay, I'll stop, but are you with me here? Are you experiencing the joys of soft piano music, gentle hum of conversation and really, really good and honest food? If you are, good, if not, please walk down to this restaurant now and experience it.

I've only ever been in the day-time, both times relatively early though the closer to lunch the busier it gets, but I love this place.

This may be one of the few cafe/restaurants that I just enjoy the ambiance of because it is so ... so soft, so mild. 

A minor disclaimer: children are not a good idea here, at least not inside, unless they are extremely quiet. It's a very quiet setting and since the ceilings are high, sound carries!

Fortunately, a lot of the patrons are nice old ladies, which invariable reminds me of Miss Marple, who come here to have their tea.

Ah, joy. No shouting, no harsh clinking cutlery sounds, just ... tea. And perhaps a scone or two.
they use "ethically sourced direct trade 100% arabica coffee from brazil, roasted exclusively for the scottish cafe" (and centrotre which is an italian restaurant on george street run by the same folk).  the coffee was great. the flat white was strong, rich, complex (a little malty and salty) with no hint of bitterness. a warm but not too hot temperature that maximised the flavour.
Wow! I might venture to say that this is a restaurant I'd tell people they HAVE to try when visiting Edinburgh.

We saw The Scottish Cafe the night before as we were walking by the park, but it was closed. The next day, as we were exploring the city, we decided we wanted to try it out since we planned to check out the museum as well. 

Mum had the fried haddock, chips, and mushy peas. The fish was perfect and lightly fried. Chips were chunky and mushy peas were delightfully sweet. I had the egg sandwich, which was nice and loads better than any Tesco sandwich. It could have use some sauce, as it was a little dry.

What sealed the deal is that we stumbled here on Mother's Day accidentally (Mother's Day in the US is on a different day than in the UK...) Mum was given a free glass of prosseco, and we were seated promptly with a fantastic view of the park and gardens on a lovely sunny day in Edinburgh.

5 STARS, fa sho!
outdoor seating in the east princess st garden was great.  the weather was awesome along with the service.  the poached eggs with salmon was excellent.
Don't have anything to compare the Scottish breakfast to - but it was damn good. Ambiance was comfortable and service was impeccable.
Popped in enroute to the annual Turner exhibition. Nice and clean, decent cuppa, efficient staff and unadulterated joy that the humble Aberdeen buttery has found its place on a breakfast menu in the city.  Was it a dream, or did they really charge £3.75 for a large coffee?  Surely not.
I have only been here once..... and well frankly I was both drunk and hungover....and wearing a christmas hat. It was for a christmas party.

We had a good table, excellent service, lots of wine and beer and stuff. If I remember rightly the food was quite excellent and looked great. I spent some time slurring at a waitress and she seemed nice too. Afterwards I wanted to get more drunk so I think that's basically a win for the venue! 

I shall have to go back and check it out properly at some point although I hear coffee is rather dear, however I shall go for food.
Was looking for somewhere to have breakfast while l was waiting for a friend who was on business here. The breakfast was nice but very expensive £10.95 and a cup of tea was just under £3.00. You could see the cooks walking through the restaurant to go outside for a smoke. Some of the staff where not very clean.
After an afternoon in the Scottish gallery, I was feeling quite faint from a sugar drop. Exiting from the shop, we saw a little counter outside the Scottish cafe selling cupcakes. The looked heavenly, and my boyfriend bought me one.

It was quite a bit bigger than usual cupcakes, and instead of buttercream, there was a thick double cream topping with numerous raspberries. It was really fresh, light, and hit the spot for sure. I'd love to return to try other flavours, yet alas, I didn't see anything gluten free.

I have drank tea in the main cafe before, and it is very spacious, service is good, the menu is traditional, yet at the same time very modern... If you get me... No empire biscuits, but mounds of fresh scones with various jams, herbal teas, good coffee. I may come back in to try a savoury dish, as the Scottish cafe often seems packed and is very popular with tourists and locals alike. 

It's in a fantastic location, downstairs from the national gallery and princes street, overlooking Princes street gardens.
So, I came here on an early Saturday and stayed after reading "One of Scotland's best Sunday breakfasts as recommended by Peter Irvine in 'Scotland the Best 2012'". Really, Peter Irvine? Remind me to NOT trust your opinion again please.

While the service is top notch and the location is nice and super clean, the food selection leaves you a bit disappointed. I mean sure, being a vegan in Scotland is just STUPID but even so, if I did enjoy meat and cheddar and such, I would have still been underwhelmed by this menu. So toast and jam it was! At least their homemade preserves? Amazing.

The manager was willing to make me a hot toddy at 10am and that is definitely worth my respect. Note to everyone: climbing a mountain, in the winter and wind, in a skirt, is not a good idea. At least I can say I tried living it up like my ancestors.
When it was announced that my annual uni Chemistry Ball was to be held in the National Galleries, I had visions of us wining and dining along aside the artworks; a risky premise, I thought. 

Of course, what I had forgotten was that there is a great wee cafe and restaurant underneath the galleries, which was where our ball was held. Previous venues included The George Hotel and Ghillie Dhu, so expectations were high. 

Upon arrival (in quite a surreptitious manner - we had to be let in the side entrance by a member of council staff as the only entry, via Princes St Gardens, is otherwise locked up after 6pm) we were warmly greeted with glasses of Prosecco. So far, so good. 

After a half hour cocktail reception we were allowed into the main restaurant area for our meal. With regards to decor, this place is classy and cosy; there are clear Scottish influences without being overwhelmed with tartan. I particularly liked the wee beakers that doubled up as candle holders - it's always the small details that impress me. 

What I was most excited about, though, was the food (as per the norm). It was clear that this restaurant was all about promoting local produce, as there was a big board at the front explaining where all the key ingredients from the meal had come from. 

By half 7, my tummy was rumbling, so I was delighted at the plentiful bread supply at the table with some oil dip. Maybe could have done with some butter or balsamic vinegar as well, if I was being picky. The bread was fresh and tasty and kept me going until the starter of fishcakes were served.

I'm not usually a fishcake-y person, but these were little round servings of haddock heaven complimented well with a lemon mayonnaise. Light and tasty - the perfect way to start a meal. 

The beef that followed was also a winning choice. Only recently have I discovered how much more flavoursome red meat is when it's not cooked thoroughly. This cut, accompanied with a rich herby butter and tenderstem broccoli, was beautiful. And all this was atop of a lovely rosti. Simple, fresh, well-cooked. 

By the time dessert came, I was a bit full. Still,  I was excited for the chocolate and orange pudding. And it looked lovely- a wine-glass full of chocolateness, topped with some pretty little flowery things (red cress? Is that a thing? I'm not quite sure what it was) and crunched honeycomb. 

But I really struggled to get through it, and this is someone who has a mouthful of sweet teeth. It tasted delicious, don't get me wrong. It was, however, very rich - almost like eating a slightly melted cup of Terry's Chocolate Orange. Maybe if it had been in the form of a torte, with a bit of biscuit base action, it would have been a bit more stomachable.

Overall, though, a gorgeous meal in a sophisticated setting (and I take my hat off the the staff, who were discreet and efficient). Set us up for a night of ceilidh-ing and, latterly, boogie-ing, and was a lovely location for what was my final Chemistry Ball.
If you're looking for Serbian food in Las Vegas this is THE place to go.  Even if you don't care (or know) what Serbian food is, and if you're just looking for a huge plate o' meat, this is also THE place to go.  Serbians really, really love meat.  Like, all meat, all the time.

When I go to Prince, I'm usually with Serbs and we order the plate of meat for two (it's enough for at least three people).  It includes cevapi (Serbian national dish, looks like ground beef sausage links), chicken, beef, pork, and some cheese-stuffed thing I have yet to identify.  It's really good when you're in the mood for a serious dose of protein.  I've also ordered  the beef soup which, literally, includes like a pound of smoky beef roast.  It's insane.  You will leave this place doubled over in pain from the amount of meat you consumed.  I guarantee it.  This would probably be a great place for body builders to eat.

The only downside to Prince is that I always feel really intimidated walking in.  The restaurant is dimly lit inside and it sometimes feels like a "Serbian only" atmosphere.  But, if you feel self-conscious, just go outside to the patio seating and chow down on your cevapi.  The waiters are really nice and will make you feel welcome.  It's definitely an experience.
It's friday, I'm starving in my room after playing "the secret world" for 5 hrs; I decided to check yelp for something different. 
I've found this little niche near my place without pics and decided I've give it proper pictures. We all know without pics we're not going. 
I parked in the back because driving by in the afternoon sunset was difficult to see. Really must pay attention. 
The restaurant is cozy, clean, and the manager who greeted me was friendly; along with the staff. 
Since this is the first time being in a Serbian I asked to try their traditional foods. "stuffed cabbage(beef, rice and no tomatoes)", "cucumber salad with tomato and feta cheese", and "cordon bleu"(baked stuffed pork(homemade cheese, and ham with sour creme) along with a special homemade dipping sauce(bell peppers, tomato, garlic all hand chopped and cooked really long to make it pasty and purée). 
Appetizers are around 7ish and entrees are about 15ish. 

overall, the stuffed cabbage and cordon bleu hit the spot. :)

Anyways check out the pics and if you want to try some European Serbian food this is the spot. 

4 stars meets my standards for cleanliness, atmosphere and the only Serbian restaurant I know out there so I cannot compare.
Amazing!!!! The čevapčiči (sausages) are out of this world!! Best I ever had outside of Europe...by far! Fresh Bread a bottle of Karlovačka (beer) and great service...how can you loose?
The wife and I attended the soft opening today. The restaurant bills itself as French Inspired, but I noticed traditional Italian, Greek, as well as American fare. We started with a delicious Greek salad, full of olives, sweet yellow/red cherry tomato's, and feta. We tried the calamari, tender and succulent. The wife raved about her Seafood Risotto, served with shrimp, mussels, and diver's scallops. I had the osso buco over risotto. Delicious. The meat was tender, moist, and very flavorful. We ended up sharing a slice of ricotta cheesecake. Light and airy. I prefer a dense cheesecake, but all cheesecake is good. Unfortunately the wife and I rarely drink, but our waiter did mention 57 wines being available for service. We hope to return in about a week or so to see if the menu has changed. And we shall see if I can award Bistro 57 a fifth star once we have tried a few more dishes.
Initially I had to say I was bummed out that Pasta Cucina had to go because they had great food at great prices, all in a very beautiful restaurant. Well after dining here tonight, I'm like Pasta Cu-watchamacallit?! This new place has an awesome menu, mostly French inspired dishes along with some other things such as pasta as well.

Prices are unheard of! The average entree was $10-$15 with the most expensive thing on there being $24. Their sides which include grilled asparagus and haricot verts range from $3-$4. You can't find these prices anywhere else around the Vegas area!

I ordered the shepards pie which was huge. Very tasty with nice chunks of carrots, peas and onion. It had the slight taste of red wine which compliments the ground beef so well, all topped with mashed potatoes. There's just something so comforting about eating a meal with a spoon. And all this was only $10!

I tried the french onion and my friend ordered the potato leek soup and both were amazing. I'm already torn about which one i'm gonna get next time I'm there. 

My friend ordered spaghetti bolognese with meatballs. The pasta was perfectly cooked al dente and the sauce had a generous amount of meat. We both are so used to meat sauces not having enough meat so that's why she ordered the meatballs. Next time, we'll know that it won't be necessary because for once we found a place that actually serves up a meaty meat sauce. Go figure, right?

To top it all off, we had the marscapone cheesecake that didn't stand a chance against us even though we said we were "full." It was too irresistable. Not as rich and dense as traditional cheesecake but that's what I loved about.

Service was awesome, shout out to Skyler! Manager and Chef came by to check on us. They even gave us a complimentary app of garlic bread with marinara that had a huge glob of goat cheese in it. They really are generous here. You are getting way more than your money's worth.

I can't wait to come back and try all the other things on the menu which included escargot, a real nicoise salad, beet salad, monte cristo, just to name a few. BTW they are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
I've eaten at this place twice now, once at breakfast and once at lunch. Breakfast is 7am-11am, FYI.

The breakfast menu isn't large by any means but it has everything you could want. I got the bagel with cream cheese and lox (smoked salmon). The bagel isn't a large one but it's just right. The lox is amazing. It's the best lox I've had on this side of the country and the best I've had since I went to a mom-and-pop bagel shop in NYC. The lox slices are large enough to cover the entirety of the bagel and then some. They also gave a more than ample amount of cream cheese. They also have a scrambled eggs and lox with caramelized onions and toast. It looked and smelled very tasty but I didn't get to have any.

For lunch I had the fish and chips. The chips were magnificent and the fish was perfectly cooked in a light breading. The chips had a crispy outside and a potato-y center and cooked just right. I don't know what kind of fish they use but it's probably cod or tilapia.

With both breakfast and lunch I had their caramel macchiato. Way better than Starbucks or Coffee Bean! Had just the right mix of flavor between coffee and caramel.

The serving sizes aren't small but they're not overly large, either. You'll get a decent full but not too full off the serving sizes.

The servers and management are very friendly and provide great service. The prices are some of the best for this style and calibre of restaurant in town. I couldn't recommend giving this place a try at least once!
Yum! Came here for lunch. I got the Sarano Ham sandwich, my husband got the shepherd's pie. While both entrees were delicious, the shepherd's pie was to die for!!! I will be back to try out the breakfast. :-)
A new restaurant with some of the rough edges showing. I'll give them another shot.
This place is just what the Aliante Station needs.  Great food and generous portions at a fair price. 

The table and seat were dirty and sticky when we arrived but this wasn't discovered until after the stickiness was transferred to our arms and clothing.  The waitress was apologetic and she did her best to clean the table but really it whoever bussed the table should have noticed and taken care of it before we were seated.

 The escargot appetizer was one of the best I have ever had.  Just the right amount of garlic and mushrooms. The chewy lightly toasted bread was a nice touch.  

Fish and chips were made fresh with just the right amount of batter and cooked to perfection.  Apparently the tarter sauce is made fresh also as witnessed by the fact it arrived about 10 minutes after the dish was placed on the table.  The "chips" were a meal and prepared in a way that is hard to describe but incredibly delicious.

The osso bucco was decent.  A  generous portion but a little gristly. The flavor was very good but the texture was "different'. The dish was accompanied by mushroom risotto.  I am not a huge fan of risotto and this rendition  didn't change my feelings. The flavor was nice but the mushrooms were a bit chewy.

The marscapone cheesecake was incredibly light and full of flavor.  Despite the fact that we were stuffed, we devoured every morsel of this delightful dessert. 

Overall it was great meal and I intend to be a frequent customer.
This was my first time trying their breakfast and just the same as their lunch/dinner, I loved everything!

I still can't get over the quality of food at such great prices. We had lox and bagel and it was just outstanding. The lox was good and plentiful but the best part about it was it came with heirloom tomatoes! You shoulda seen how big my eyes got when the server put down the plate. Oh, that yellow tomato tasted as good as it looked. It was so fresh, sweet and delicious--what a pleasant surprise to have heirloom tomatoes with my breakfast! The quiche Lorraine was really good with a perfect, flakey crust. It came with a side of field greens in a simple citrusy dressing.

I can't say enough good things about this place. It's the best thing that's happened to NLV. I hope they continue to be able to put out high quality food at these incredible prices for long as they possibly can. I will be back. A lot.
Salad had dish soap in it opening weekend. Give them a few months to work out the kinks.
The first time my husband and I went he had the shepherd's pie and it was AMAZING. We went back tonight and ordered the shepherd's pie again and was very disappointed. It was still tasty but not as good as the first time we had it. The service was great.
Service was as expected. Price was very reasonable. Atmosphere was comfortable and tasteful.
That said, the coffee was bitter, the breakfast croissant was very, very greasy and the cheese that was used seemed like processed cheese.  The egg on the croissant had a crusty edge , but yet egg was cooked over medium as requested (pan was too hot). The potato wedges that were served on the side were just as greasy and had almost no seasoning.
The french toast w/fruit topping was better, but over cooked for most people. I happen to like it a little on the crunchy side, but few would as the egg starts to scorch and taste bad.
Dinner before movie on a friday night. Fish & Chips just sounds fabulous.
With respect to Mary P., our experience with this place was quite the opposite.  We went on a Friday night with a craving for Fish and Chips.  The table was clean, good location, no cigarette smell, but we sat, and waited...and waited...and waited.  It was not crowded by any means, busy perhaps, but not crowded.  Finally, our waiter arrived, took our drink order, then we waited...and waited...and, you guessed it, waited.   My martini came a bit warm, and my wife's cosmo tasted as if it had little liquor in it.  I had specified Stoly, and could not be sure it was.  Our waiter was accompanied by a floor manager who asked how everything was...couldn't tell him musch because we had nothing as yet.  When our Fish and Chips finally arrived (shortly after our appetizer-can't recommend the calamari either), I ordered another and asked the waiter to make certain the bartender used Stoly.  A bit of a shorter wait later, our drinks came and lo and behold, the martini was crisp and cold, and the Cosmo tasted like a cocktail.  Draw your own conclusions.  The chips in the Fish and Chips are very thin, and somewhat tasteless.  They quickly become cold and inedible.  The fish was ok, not too much breading, but again, lacking flavor.   The Alliante is clost to our home, but from now on, we'll stick with The Market.
I am getting sick and tired of restaurants in this economy that don't know how to treat a customer.  It is not like they are over flowing with customers at best 1/4 filled.  I ordered the Croque Madam  when it came out the egg yolk was ice cold.  I asked the waiter if he could replace the egg.  Rather than just bring out a new sandwich the waiter came out and essentially blamed me and said the cook said that the egg was not cold.  Now I am irritated and ask to speak to the manager, a few minutes later, the so called executive chef comes out and continues to insult me.

Don't waste your time with this restaurant, food is sub par the executive chef is clueless and the service is even worse.  They should just close the entire Aliante Casino.  It is one of the worst Casinos to eat at or gamble at.
The service was terrible, the food was adequate and we won't be back. There were only a few tables seated but the servers were absent most of the time. It was a horrible experience.
We were staying at the Alliante Hotel and decided to try this place for breakfast. Diamond was our greeter both mornings we were there. What a pleasant and efficient gal!

Our meal was excellent on both occasions. Hey locals, check this place out if y ou love bagels and lox and all the fixings. $5  Yep, $5 for the whole deal. Are you kidding me?? This has to be the best deal going!

Check it out, I know you will like it!
Very nice interior design, but I think their menu isn't that great. It is very limited, pricey, and the food quality doesn't live up to the price you pay for your meal. We came in as soon as it opened, and the service was very sluggish. I was always running low on water, and I had to battle for the watress' attention to get a refill (when we were practically the only people there). 

I ordered their crispy calamari tossed for $8.00. It was mixed with black peppers. It was good, and the gave it a different flavor to the typical calamari appetizer. I also ordered the chicken milanese with arugula salad and asparagus for $14.00. That was ok. The breading on the milanese was indifferent and I only had 4 pieces of asparagus (and I love asparagus). 

I think my experience was just a one time only deal. I just feel like the service didn't make up for the quality in their food. The hostess seemed confused , on top of being on her phone upon checking in. The manager was nice enough to offer us free dessert, and I thought that was a very nice gesture of him.
Is this place is awful! Wow. Haven't had that bad of a meal....ever. Calamari was the worst I've ever had. I managed to choke down my Greek salad but how can you mess that up.
Service was top notch. Breakfast was great and to the detail wife had steak and eggs and I had scrambled eggs with toast coffee was very good. Will be back
very friendly and comfortable dinning area
Very quick service. Glass was never half empty. Friendly people. Ate the angle hair with basil and added chicken. Needed a little salt but could definitely taste the basil. Plentiful. They also offer a large wine menu. Great ambiance.
What a dump!
Food was dreadful.
They did not even offer a replacement for the pile of mush they described as seafood risotto
The seafood was grilled separately to a rubber weapon consistency and wrapped around the edge
The Manager was worthless 
Stay away!
We were planning to have a movie and dinner night.  I was also craving for some escargot so we ended up in Aliante.  I was excited to have a French restaurant close to home.  

So we ordered escargot and got osso buco.  I was torn between croque monsieur and steak frites because those were some of my favorites when I went to Paris.  The escargot was all sorts of weird.  Escargot only has a few components: snails, garlic, clear butter and sometimes parsley.  Their version had all sorts of garbage: tomatoes, pancetta, creamy butter, mushrooms and yeah, snails.  I was extremely disappointed but I was hoping my entree would be better.

Knowing this was at a former Station casino, I decided on getting steak frites because that would be hard to mess up.  Boy, was I wrong!  I like my steak medium rare.  They served me a dry well-done piece of carcass.  I was going to suck it up and eat it anyway but the friend insisted I get the right steak the way I ordered it.

The osso buco with risotto was sad-looking.  It was a brown lump of blah with a petrified rosemary twig.  It wasn't as tender as it should be.  We were already done eating by the time I got my second steak.  This time, my beef wasn't extra dead.   The steak frites was edible but not good.  I've never had steak I didn't finish or take home until last night.

The service was great.  Our server, Kris, was polite and helpful.  The manager came to our table to apologize for the steak mishap and comped our creme brulee.  If this review was just based on food alone, I'd give them 1 star but they get a bump because of the service.

This place used to be an Italian restaurant and should've stayed that way.  Bistro 57 calls itself "European-inspired" but the food was absolutely uninspired.  I wish I could say the food was forgettable because believe me, I'd rather forget I ate here.
Bistro 57! A French style restaurant hiding inside Aliante Casino.

From reading other reviews, I wasn't expecting too much truthfully...but I had a deal on this place, and decided to check it out!

Started off with Escargot:

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeA#snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeA

It's simple with Garlic Butter with Crostini and wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. A little chewier than I've had in the past, and the flavors didn't really pop. Can't really recommend the escargot here.

I went with the Osso Buco with Porcini Risotto :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4A#CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4A

The Veal is cooked perfectly, and is super tender...just pulled apart with a fork! But the risotto was very heavy...like a mushroom gravy, and was not amazing in my book. It's the first time I've had this dish, so I can't compare...but I thought it was just "ok"

Also tried the Grilled New York Steak with Pommes Frites & Arugula Salad :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQ#ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQ

First steak came out well done instead of medium rare...second came out perfect. It was a decent steak, but hard to compare to all the great steakhouses in Vegas!

And to finish, Creme Brulee of course! 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cw#z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cw

The management comped the dessert since the steak was overcooked, and this was a large portion, plenty big for two to share. Yummy!

Overall, this place was good but not great. I felt like it was a little spendy for what it is, but since I had the deal here, it was still worth the money. Just can't say I will be back anytime soon
We came here for a Free ice coffee and Caramel Macchiato for $1 on a Friday morning. 

- Avoid the resort fee and get your free Wi-Fi here. 
- Nice seating. Good place to take a break from it all. 
- No real complaints about the coffee since it was free. Staying at the hotel, they give you free vouchers for coffee and $2 off specialty coffee drinks. 
- Starbucks taste better. Needs to be stronger.
We were pleasantly surprised by the appearance.  Although we should have been forewarned that on a Sat at 11:30 place was empty!

Food was very avg salty tuna
Croissant sandwich
OJ was a bit tart
Coffee was like water
Croissant sandwich was fine. Fruit on the side was sour. 
Service VERY SLOW
Had to ask for breakfast menu
I am not a big breakfast eater, but Bistro 57 might just change that.  Today I had the BEST breakfast I have had in years. 

The Steak and egg breakfast was sublime. The steak;though thin was cooked to perfection and nicely seasoned. The over easy eggs also perfect and the hash browns where a delightful combination of onions, black pepper and a hearty potatoes.

 Breakfast was also served with toast... ahh the toast.  I am not sure what kind of bread it was but it downright delicious.  The texture was crisp yet chewy with a delightful flavor and consistency. The toast was  perfect for dipping in my over easy eggs and even better with just a smear of jam.

I rarely give 5 star ratings, but the food service and atmosphere of Bistro 57 deserve it.
We ate breakfast here and my toast was cold, my potatoes were cold, and my hot tea water was barely warm. The only choice of jelly they had was grape and I don't like grape. We are locals and we will not try this place again! I am sure it will probably be out of business soon anyway.
My fiancé and I are locals and we visit the Aliante frequently. We were pleasantly surprised by the nice ambiance with live music and modern decor. However, we were never greeted when we walked in so we just chose a table in the bar area. We only ordered appetizers and drinks. The glassware smelled musty and was reused when we ordered the second round. The service was forgetful and unprofessional. The food WAS tasty, especially for the pricing, and arrived quickly after ordering (sometimes good and sometimes not). Although we enjoyed the food and ambiance, we most likely won't be coming back to Bistro 57.
Friday night and only 7 tables full. Maybe because what is on the menu is not what they serve. We ordered the appetizer 'Artinasal cheeses with apples, grapes, and assorted crackers' for$12 - received water crackers (no assorted), 4 kinds of cheese (gouda, brie, pepperjack, a soft spreadable cheese), 2 strawberries, raisins, and honey. I could have gone to my local grocery store for this. Rest of the food was average. Not surprised this location has had so many different restaurants.
am an aliante local and also a business owner that takes clients to the aliante casino very often!  took friends there tonight for dinner!  waited over an hour for drinks.....and then the food was raw......yuk  seafood! and potatoes! complained to mangers randy and joe!  they comped a $10 pizza and charged the rest after 3 hours!!!!!  terrible restaurant....service and management!!!  avoid the place!!!!  4th time in 2 weeks that they have run out of chardonnay wine!!!!!   and very few customers...so thinking they just don't have chardonnay!!!
Three and a half stars. A French restaurant in our end of town? Hmmmmm We ate here for breakfast. The prices had obviously went up on the buffet since it's not a stations casino anymore. So we ventured into this place next door. Wow was this ever a pleasant surprise. The eggs Benedict were done to perfection. The croissant was I am sure, baked in house and the potatoes had unique but great flavor. I had tea so I didn't try the coffee .... All this for the price of less than the buffet. This meal was great and a very nice surprise!
Family and I enjoyed the appetizers, salad and variety of pizzas.  Server Ben was attentive, personable, and fun.
This place is ok! There's nothing that screams out about it.... Nothing too special. The environment is nice and so was the service, but it was missing something and I can't put my finger on it!
We have breakfast here once in awhile.  It's good and the menu had different items than a typical breakfast menu and that makes it fun. It's nice quiet too. Relaxing.  The gourmet coffees are great.
We were SO impressed with bistro 57! 

We came here for my birthday dinner, wanting something a little nicer than the buffet for a change. Wasn't sure how it would rate, a lot of places in North Vegas LOOK great but can't back it up with their food. That was NOT the case here! We were seated at a very elegant booth and a great waiter (Brandon?) took really excellent care of us. 

We ordered two glasses of Merlot, the goat cheese-marinara garlic bread appetizer and some bruschetta to start. Heavenly. BIG portion appetizers, fresh ingredients and beautifully presented. Wow! We followed it up with a lasagna dinner entree. So fresh and flavorful, one of the best lasagnas out there. 

Our waiter was perfect: not over bearing, not ignoring us....just the perfect level of attentiveness and that made for a perfect dining experience. That's experience for you, it shows. Especially loved that the chef came out into the dining room and greeted each table asking about the food. Nice guy, very genuine! 

I am coming back often. The food is superb and the service was outstanding. Loved it!
My wife and I have been to Bistro 57 before and we've always been happy. Tonight was one of the best meals we've ever had there. My wife and her friend had pan fried sole - cooked to perfection. Both said it was very good. I had the Chicken Milanese - the portion was huge (I brought home almost half of the chicken). The chicken was beautifully sauted. It's pretty easy to over cook a chicken fillet but this was perfect; tender and moist. My wife and I had the pomme frittes and they are a treat (our friend ordered the grilled asparagus so we shared the pomme frittes).

I started with French Onion soup just because I like it. It seems easy to make bad French Onion soup - I've had some that's too salty, some that's too bland - so I have to think there's a secret to getting it just right. Bistro 57 knows the secret.

The killer, the end to a perfect meal, was the cannoli. Sometime in my long life I must have had a great cannoli because I keep trying them wherever I can find them and I am always disappointed. Not this time. Without a doubt these were the best cannolis ever - crisp shell and the filling was just right.

Chef Francesco visited our table a couple of times to make sure we were happy. A very personable man. We were all very impressed with Bistro 57. Chef, who is from Southern Italy, says he's going to try new things. We can hardly wait.
Food was spectacular. Mom had the french onion soup and the caprese. Tomatoes were fresh, as was the mozzarella, and it was a good, rich balsamic. I had the caesar saad, whuch was tasty and creamy, and the lasagna, which was creamy and yummy. Service was fast and friendly. Chef came by to make sure everyone was happy. Small but decent wine list. For you locals, this is one casino restaurant you need check out.
Exceptional food.  Exceptional service.  Fantastic food. Beautiful presentation.  We were lucky to find this place for lunch being its their first time opening for lunch as they usually only open for dinner.  The
lunch menu is essentially the same as dinner , at half the price we went with a pre-fix of starter and main
for €8.50 and finish full,
completely satisfied, and still had room for desert.  The chef owner Matthew and his lovely wife Carla came out and talk to us for quite some time, and gave us wonderful tips on what to do for night life (George Street).  She even gave us a complimentary cherry with the desert.  This place is a definite 5 stars on food quality, beautiful presentation, exceptional service, and at such a fair price.   Thank you Matthew & Carla.
We were here on our last night in Edinburgh.  The meal was quite good.

We started with a spiced lentil soup.  It was quite tasty.  For the main they were out of the goat cheese pastry option, so I ordered the cod.  The fish itself was good, but it was served on a bed of overly salted veggies.  I think my bf ordered a risotto (which was rather tasty as well).

We ordered sides with our mains.  The Sauteed kale and the roasted potatoes are not to be missed.  There sadly was no room for dessert.   It's a nice place.  I was happy with the experience.  As I understand it, the restaurant was 1 and a half weeks young when we visited.

Recommended.
Some of the initial reviews on here, and over on Trip Advisor, had Spidey-senses tingling, as they didn't quite have the ring of veracity about them, so I selflessly took it upon myself to pay this place an early visit.

It was so good that I'll be dragging a bunch of Yelpers along for a visit, once the Festival frenzy has died down.

The Atelier's focus is on local produce, with dishes constructed classically, but showcasing new and interesting flavour combinations.

I had a warmly spiced cauliflower soup, followed by a lovely venison dish, with particularly tasty vanilla carrots.

The venue is styled very minimally, so could feel a little sparse and cold to some, but the warmly welcoming waiting staff more than make up for it.

I really enjoyed my visit, and look forward to sharing it with others, soon.

So overall, we said: "The Atelier is a really promising new addition to our Edinburgh restaurant tapestry. The quality of their dishes is very high, and all the other elements for success are in place. The location could be the only weakness, as other places have struggled to establish themselves in this neighbourhood, but their offering is compelling enough to demand a dedicated visit. You'll be as impressed as I was by this elegant, welcoming place."

(P.S. this is a sneaky wee Yelp exclusive, as the full LQ review won't post until later in the week)
A bit disappointed frankly :( although the yelp company was top notch as usual :) I feel a bit mean scoring this place 3 stars when everyone else rates it a 4 or 5 however I can't bring myself to give any more. Well not based on tonight's experience anyway. 

My reasons:

1. There were tiny fruit flies buzzing all over the place that were really annoying. Having to fish flies out of a drink isn't a good start. 
2. We were a table of 8 but given the timescales for serving our food, forcing some people to start before others have been served, the kitchen clearly isn't geared up for big numbers. 
3. The food is a bit overpriced in my opinion. And I base this view on the quantity of my starter and the quality of my main dish.
4. My starter of cep and ricotta raviolo in a mushroom consume was delicious (really, really tasty in fact!) however what bugged me is that the portion was soooooo tiny. One raviolo sitting in a huge white plate with a small hole in the middle. For 6 bucks I expect a bigger portion. This isn't a Michelin star restaurant so I don't feel they can't justify high end prices. 
5. My main of pork belly, pork cheek and pork fillet with lentils was a bit of a mixed bag. The pork cheek was lovely and I'd have happily eaten that on its own in a bigger portion however the fillet was tough and chewy and so was the pork belly. Overcooked pork is pretty dry. The lentils were fine albeit quite dry. Dry lentils and dry meat. Hmmm... 

I Was looking forward to trying this place for ages as I walk past it every day on the way to work. My expectations were pretty high as a) it looks nice b) it's always busy, even during the week (good sign) and c) the reviews on yelp were all really good! Not sure what went wrong really!?
I really enjoyed my steak at The Atelier restaurant. I really enjoying the lovely company. I enjoyed the ambiance and decoration. And the staff were very friendly, genuine and eager to get feedback.

The menu is small but offers some interesting choices. Smoked venison, scallops, raviollo. My scallops were delicious, very fresh and well cooked. The raviollo was well received, although all agreed that one ravillo was a little too small.

My steak, which I ordered rare, as a generous size and very well cooked. A conversation ensued about the varying degrees of "rare". It wasn't French rare (ie, still blue and cold inside!) but it was still deliciously bloody and I was very, very happy. Nice chunky chips, and both the chips and steaks were well seasoned.

However, there were a few things I think that will improve as they settle into themselves more.  As Laura D mentioned, there were lots of little fruit flies constantly buzzing around. They kept landing on my glass, they fell into two people's glasses. I'm not fussed by one fly, but there were a lot of them and they were constant, and a nuisance. It's not what you want to see or battle against throughout a nice dinner.

Also, the prices and portion sizes. £7 for a starter, that then is two scallops. Well, that is fine dining prices and portions. And the same for one raviollo. It's not to say that the food wasn't worth the price, but those portion sizes for starters are normally for Michelin starred dining, and very fine dining. I think its relaxed fine dining, so could do with just a little bit larger portion sizes.

The staff are lovely, and open to feedback. I really enjoyed the interior of the restaurant. On a wet, September evening, the warm brick walls, the candle light, and nice company made it a lovely evening. Hopefully the fruit flies were a one-off, the portion sizes of the starters might grow slightly, and they continue to serve delicious steaks and other mains!

I wish them every success, and will return to try the lunch menu soon.
The Atelier provided us with a good evening out, but failed to live up to expectations (which were quite high, in part due to a ringing endorsement from David Sedaris during the Fringe). As others have mentioned, there were fruit flies buzzing all around us, and one helped himself to some of my wine. The mains came out at a stagger, leading to that awkward "no really, please start" situation that leaves the early-served to choose between eating alone and letting their food go cold. The size of my main (the lentils with blue cheese topped with a sun-dried tomato salad) left me a bit hungry, and the side of chard that I had ordered simply never showed up. 

Everything I tasted was good, and I particularly appreciated that the vegetarian mains were not starch-based (it's a lazy chef whose vegetarian options begin and end with risotto and soggy pasta). Which is why I intend to go back again - The Atelier definitely has potential.
I'll try not to repeat what other Yelpers have said already.

I really like this place - yep there is stuff to iron out but the staff genuinely want customers to love what they do and really want to take the feedback on board.

The menu changes regularly and there are tempting options. I agree with Jenny and Laura that the prices could come down - I would say about £2 on each course. That would bring it into line with the casual fine dining vibe of The Bon Vivant.

Presentation is beautiful and plates uniform which when you've got a group is essential - nothing worse than 'you've got more sauce than me!' if you think your food is dry. I had the carpaccio of venison - slightly overdone but meat was still beautiful. I also really enjoyed my main, pork 3 ways - the pork fillet (first piece was over done but the second was a lot better). The pork belly was good as the fat just melted away and the pork cheek was delish! I also loved the cinnamon apple sauce. The puy lentils came in a cute casserole dish - no complaints here as this is a dish I cook myself (minus the evil celery).

The kitchen is small and I suspect they were a bit overwhelmed as it was busy for a post festival Thursday night with most diners arriving around the same time. Toilet spacious and clean which is always a good sign!

So all in all, I'd go back to see how they are bedding in. The menu has great options (staff will advise on gluten free, etc) and the presentation and flavours are fantastic so I'm hoping The Atelier has a future in this part of town :-)
We live in the neighbourhood and were delighted to see a new restaurant
opening up. My husband and I went on our anniversary, after a long day at work.
The food was fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious.  The service was outstanding.
Good food in a comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere. You can tell that very detail, from the teapots to the chairs, was carefully thought out. 
We plan to make it our regular place to dine.
Upping Atelier to four stars after an enjoyable lunch there this week. The lunch menu was £12 for two courses or £15 for three, which seemed an excellent value for the quality of food. You have three choices for each course. The mains included a meat, a fish, and a vegetarian dish. 

Before our first course the waitress delivered a carafe of ice water (yay, no need to ask for refills) and two slices of warm, crusty bread with a tasty pesto dipping sauce. 

The pacing of the meal was a little on the slow side for a lunch. It was fine for us because we were not in a hurry on this particular afternoon, but for folks on a limited lunch break, this might be a problem.

My lentil, spinach, and chick pea curry was enjoyable as a main. I followed this with the cheese plate, which was nice except for the fact that the cheeses were served at refrigerator temperature (oh, the horror).
Visited Atelier on my daughter's birthday. The food was delicious, the service subpar. The filet was beautifully broiled and juicy, the duck delicious, the two fish plates nicely done. The chips were fat and fantastic.

The service was not up to standard for any restaurant, much less one of this pedigree. 

First: I had specified that this was a birthday dinner when requesting the reservation. I didn't expect anything special necessarily, but my experience is that most restaurants will have a special touch - a candle on a free desert perhaps. When we arrived, the maître de mentioned the occasion, but then the waiter asked if we had brought a cake, because as he explained, they don't usually do anything special. We did not have a cake in tow. He then whispered "no worries, we'll do something..." but something never happened.

From then forward, there were long delays between ordering and food arriving, desert menus and subsequent orders, and then finally, the bill. 

It is a small dining room but perhaps they need to increase the waitstaff by a person or two so that the quality of service matches the meal itself.
As far as restaurants go this is a very good example of attentive friendly service. The food we had was very good. We had the duck (3 ways) for starters and steak for main. All cooked to the desired level. The portions are ..eh.. balanced. Not to little, but in all fairness, certainly not too much. I guess this is fine dining, all in moderation. I am sure if I asked for more I would have gotten it. 
Scott who was serving us is a very happy, friendly and helpful guy! Though he is still struggling with the slate vs cutlery on clearing the plates, I am sure he'll get there some day! :o) 

I enjoyed it and it was a nice meal.
A strong start for a promising place.  Billing itself as a neighborhood pub with European flair, The Spot hits the mark.  The building formerly housing Mildred's Sandwich Shop has been beautifully redone with wood booths, a cozy back bar, and lovely outdoor enclosed deck.  The menu is small, reasonable, and inventive but not pretentious.  Appetizers include fresh potato chips with creamy Gorgonzola cheese, artichoke spread, scallops, a fantastic cheese plate, and a vegetable charcuterie.  The chef, Joe Tachovsky, built the menu at Samba when it first opened, so if you know how amazing their salad bar is you can guess how confidently he handles vegetables.  The prices are reasonable, along the lines of 8-14 for entrees.  The burgers are rock solid, (try The Spot burger, with a wedge of chevre tucked into the meat), main dish salads are lovely, and the churrasco from Samba makes a well loved appearance.  There is a small but well balanced beer, wine, and cocktail list.  They have only been open for a week, and I will add to this review once I've tried a few more things and the staff has rolled out all of the regular specials and settled into a groove.  For now, especially if you live in the neighborhood, head over and welcome a place where you are pretty well guaranteed a polished meal.   A nice midpoint between Forequarter and the pizza/coffee houses/bars that are otherwise in walking distance for Tenney neighborhood folks
I've only been here once, but it was great.   A nice cocktail selection, including some very good gins.  I had the Spot burger, vegetarian version and it was one of the best veggie burgers in town.  The lemon cake was delish!  I can't wait to go back and try more items from the varied menu.
For a place open just a matter of weeks The Spot seems to be off to a great start.  We arrived to a full house on Saturday evening and settled onto some stools at the bar to enjoy a beer before a table was ready for us.  The bar selection was good and the bartender was enthusiastic and welcoming.

Built within an old house, The Spot is small; there were only about 10 tables and about 4-6 spots at the bar.  Rumor has it there is some outdoor seating but it was a bit too chilly to take advantage of that!  They aren't currently taking reservations but who knows if that will change down the road.  The ambiance is quite nice; freshly done woodwork, soft lighting, and lined with black & white photos on the dark red walls.  If I had my choice, the best seats in the house are probably in the bar area or the booths up by the front windows.  Two of the booths are right by the kitchen window which has pros and cons; some people love "seeing behind the curtain" and watching the action.  I, on the other hand, find fluorescent kitchen lights to be my kryptonite so I'd rather stick to the more romantic corners of the space.

The menu had many tempting options on it for both the vegetarian and the carnivore. Prices were reasonable and a lot sounded tasty.  We started with the Baked Artichoke Remikin ($6.50) which was served with pickled carrots and crusty bread.  We enjoyed it thoroughly; it was a good portion for two or three.  For entrees I had the Portabella stew ($11) which I enjoyed and the Mister settled on the Wild Boar Sausage ($14) and was also pleased.  Portions were fair sized, enough for dinner for each of us, not really enough to take home for lunch the next day.  Both entrees were served with a side of cooked greens and polenta.  The greens were good, the polenta was so salty even Mr.-High-Blood-Pressure himself wasn't interested.  

This is where The Spot's interest in customer service became evident: our server noticed both of us were bypassing the polenta & asked for feedback, which we provided.  He did say the kitchen team is still tweaking things and trying to improve everything, of course, so they appreciate hearing customer's thoughts on the food. (Well, you know we're not shy!).  We provided feedback on the polenta but assured him that overall they seem to be in great shape.  A few minutes later, the owner offered us a complimentary dessert due to the polentapalooza.  Yum!  Dense chocolate cake, rich and sweet, a perfect end to the meal.

I liked the cozy space, it looks like they'll have some fun specials during the week, there were several things that tempted me on the menu, parking was easy, prices were reasonable, service was great... all in all, we look forward to heading back again.
I could go on and on about how good this was! We had a party of 5, and although the place is small we were comfortable. Relaxed atmosphere but seemed intimate as well. We started with the Gorgonzola chips and artichoke appetizer, both incredibly reasonably priced at 6 bucks apiece, and delicious. Lots of vegetarian options for our friends and all our food was fantastic. Friendly, attentive staff (brought us more bread with our appetizer when we ran out) and cheerful bartender. Could it get any better?
I made my first stop at The Spot on October 1, 2013 for a friend's birthday dinner. It will surely not be my last. I was overwhelmed by the options for Celiac's and the staff's knowledge of what it means to be gluten free. I was excited to learn the chef purposefully does not use a roux in the stews, making pretty much every entree celiac-friendly (they also have GF bread for the sandwiches.) 

Everything on the menu sounded delicious, such that I had trouble choosing. I ended up with the Poor Man's Paella, a scrumptious mix of rice, spices, chorizo, sausage, and shrimp. The three shrimp were large sized and the chorizo to die for. I was hesitant at my first bite--believing it might need to be a little more seasoned, but as the chorizo started to blend, I quickly learned the error of my ways. The flavor profile only grew throughout. 

My companions ordered the Churrasco Beef and the Portabello Stew. The sear on the beef and the corresponding chimichurri were a perfect blend with the homestyle rice and beans. The polenta with the stew was the best I've had in years. 

My companions also ordered the chocolate cake and cheesecake for dessert. Much like with our entrees, every plate was clean.  

The atmosphere was lovely. It was a beautiful night, so we sat on the patio, where other diners seemed equally pleased with their meals. I cannot wait to try everything else on the menu, including the gluten free desserts and drinks that I did not sample this time around. 

It may have been my first visit, but I'd be hard-pressed to find a way it would ever be my last.
X MARKS "THE SPOT'!
Oct 25. Just had the most enjoyable lunch. A delightful Salmon BLT, with potato salad. The atmosphere was relaxing and intimate. Our server, Carley, was polite, professional, courteous, and displayed a knowledge of how the dishes were prepared.  I found the menu to be refreshing and inviting.  I will be back to try The Spot Burger and Gorgonzola chips......in addition to the Adult Beverages.  Thanks Tiger.
I'm on the fence between four stars and five...but I'll give The Spot five since it just opened recently. 

The food is excellent and incredibly affordable. Top-notch entrees for $8 or $10. I tried the burger, to get a benchmark against other restaurants, and it was delicious.

The beer list is what you would expect at any good Madison restaurant, which is very good, but the cocktails list stands above most places, excepting places like Forequarter that are known for their cocktails. I could see going to The Spot just for drinks (but beware - there are only five barstools...it's not what you would call "a bar").

The only possible downside was that some of the staff was perhaps a little *too* attentive, which makes sense when you realize they only have nine tables to give all their attention to, and they just opened and are trying to make a good impression. But they definitely are making a good impression...so hopefully in another month or two they'll relax into their stride a bit, and will be worth each of the five stars.

$40 for two entrees and two fancy cocktails.
Great new place for the neighborhood. Tenney needed another non-bar food dinner restaurant. Creative entrees, good wine list, and delectable desserts. Service was excellent, and the ambience is very cozy. We've made it a weekly tradition. Nice looking outdoor patio that will be a great addition next spring!
Enjoyed a great dinner last night and plan to return soon. Love the atmosphere and the service was flawless.  But what about the food?  Great value and delicious. Highly recommend the potato chips and the new take on tuna and noodles.  Our group also loved the chicken paprikash and the poor man's paella.  Wonderful addition to the east side.
I came here for dinner last week and found The Spot to be an okay place. The ambiance is cozy, and the service was spectacular. The food, however, was nothing special. The Spot Burger had a lot of good stuff on it, and the burger was cooked well, but the bun seemed like a regular store bought bun and the sauce on the burger made it soggy. If the bun had instead been a nice roll, I think it would have been awesome. The prices for the food are very reasonable, but the wine and cocktails are a little pricey. I'd come back and give it another try, but I don't think I'll end up being a regular here.
My  wife and I have eaten here 3 times now, trying different menu items each time.   We've been very pleased with our meals every time.   The service has been excellent and we find the atmosphere casual, cozy, and relaxing.   Specialty house cocktails are very interesting.   Prices are reasonable.   The Spot is becoming our 'go to' dining place.
We had a very enjoyable dinner at The Spot on Friday evening.  We had a short wait at 6:00, but the place is really cute and cozy, so we didn't mind.  Our table opened up much sooner than the 30-40 minutes quoted.  They have a large drink menu that includes beers, wines and specialty drinks.  My three dining partners all opted for beers and I had a specialty drink called The Foosie Woo Woo (Plantation Rum, fresh lime juice, ginger liqueur, cane sugar, lime: up) I was not disappointed with the Foosie.  For dinner, I had the pan fried walleye that came with mashed sweet potatoes.  The fish was cooked just right and the sweet potatoes were very good also.  The others had the Poor Man's Paella (which I got a taste of and enjoyed very much!) Pulled Pork Meatloaf served with mashed potatoes, and The Spot Burger with greens.  Everyone enjoyed their meal, and our waiter, Adam, was very knowledgeable and personable.  There were two things that disappointed slightly...my water glass did not get refilled until we were almost finished eating, and the sides are a little strange to me: Black Beans & Rice, Mustard Greens, Potato Salad, Seared Greens, Polenta or Mixed Greens with Vinaigrette.  Call me crazy, but I need a french fry option to go with a burger.  All in all it is a great little place.  I hope they do well.
I went with my fiancé and best friend to The Spot last weekend and we had a 100% amazing experience. I cannot wait to go back.

We only had to wait about 15 minutes for our table, and the host directed us to the bar, showed us where we could put our coats, and would update us on the status of our table (which I really appreciated).

We all immediately got a crush on the bartender lady - she was super nice, seemed like a badass, and seemed to really care if we liked our drinks (and she said she makes them how she would want them made for herself, which was really nice to know). You HAVE to try the George Brown cocktail - it's gingery and passion fruity and delicious. 

We shared the Gorgonzola chips and the vegetarian charcuterie (which was such a cool idea and everything on the platter was exquisite). I got the Spot burger which blew my mind. I will definitely be back for another one. We didn't get dessert since we were too full, but I'm sure that would have knocked our socks off, too.

Can't wait to go again!
My wife and I have dined at the Spot on 3 occasions now.   Each time we've been pleased and quite satisfied.   We've had something different on each visit and so far all of our dinners have been very good.   I gave it 4 stars but would easily say 4.5 on the 5 point scale.   The service has been excellent.   The atmosphere is cozy and relaxed.   This is one of our favorite new spots to hit when we feel like going out.
Very good food at great price. Great staff. Will go back again soon
I have been to The Spot twice, once for dinner  and once for lunch both on a Saturday. The restaurant was packed the first time and empty the second, but it was 3 pm..

What was once Mildred's is now is very beautiful space. The tables are made from wood and are very attractive. It is a challenging space but they really made it work.The photos on the wall are fun to look at and the tiny bar area very inviting Each time I sat at a table by a  window, which was lovely.

For dinner on a Saturday night I ordered the special, "short ribs". They were absolutely delicious. My partner had the Portobella stew He liked it, but appeared underwhelmed

For lunch I had the cioppino ($14), some shrimp, scallops and a little bit of fish in a very light broth. The sauce needed some richness. There was no depth of flavor. The shrimp and scallops were prepared perfectly. They were cooked through yet tender and full of flavor. It was a shame the broth was so dull. The stew came with a small piece of bread that was sliced into 4 pieces. The bread was cold and tasteless. What a a shame... Batch is so close by. No excuse for that.

My friend had the portobella stew ($9). She too was not very satisfied. She felt she could have easily made the dish at home. It had no "yum" factor.

When we returned to the car we both admitted we were still hungry. I am sure Mildred's spirit hangs in the air. I hope she can guide the new owners to kick up the flavors, increase the portions, and serve the best bread they can find. I want "The Spot" to succeed. They created a great space and now they need the food to match.
.
3 for 3 so far - a cozy and delicious spot to eat! Great dinners, tried the skate and the chicken paprikash, yum... Will definitely be back. You could go here solo, on a date, or with friends.
A friend and I went here on Friday for lunch and were unfortunately disappointed. Also unfortunate was the fact that we both ordered the same exact thing!  

And that thing was the Pesto Chicken sandwich. The pesto seemed fresh and tasted pretty good, but the chicken was a little lacking in flavor and quite squishy. The sandwich just seemed to be lacking and was not memorable. I chose the potato salad as my side, and that was actually very good. 

For an appetizer we had the Baked Artichoke Ramekin, and it was delicious. I'd definitely recommend that to start.

The space has gotten quite a face-lift since Mildred's closed, and it's lovely. The little bar in the back is a cozy little space to hide. Love it.

Service was fine. Our waitress was nice and our food didn't take too long.

Overall, we weren't' too pleased with our visit, but will have to check it out again. The ladies sitting at a nearby table were gushing about the Spot Burger, which is something I'll likely try next time.
Meatball sandwich was okay.
Kale potato salad disgusting.  Tastes rotten.  
Weird vibe...I was only person in restaurant at 12.30 pm.  
Will not return.
My husband and I love the Spot.  We've eaten dinner there 3 times now and we've been really delighted each time.  The Artichoke Ramekin starter is fabulous - it features big chunks of artichoke is a wonderfully tangy cheese sauce.  The Caesar Salad with a generous helping of anchovies and cornbread croutons is a nice compliment to dinner entrees.  We've had the Skate dusted with cornmeal, the portabella mushroom stew, cioppino,and grilled salmon.  We have loved each one.  

The chef and kitchen staff create consistently excellent meals and the serving staff is attentive and friendly.  The bar area in the back room is attractive and cozy and the patio will be a wonderful place to have an alfresco meal.  Don't let the construction on East Johnson Street keep you away!
I had the meatball grinder with a side of polenta.  This meal was good, but it was not a "Wow" moment.  The meatballs were flavorful and were topped with sauce, fresh mozzarella and basil.  The polenta lacked any flavor at all.

The sandwich was delicious but the portion was small.  For $10, I was expecting something just a little bigger.  It was good but it was not great.  I had a glass of the Chardonnay.  It was pretty delicious and generously poured for $8.

The space is small and while it would intimate for a date, it was weird earlier in the day.  Families go there and it just seems kind of cramped at that point.  I have not tried the patio or the bar.  

I would consider it again but truthfully nothing about this place really stood out.
It's so good - we've agreed to write this review together. 

Authentic truly good food, something to be said for just taking awesome ingredients and not making them so over the top, good, knowledgeable service, and a menu that doesn't confuse - and even offers sides for sandwiches! Takes the best of foodie Madison and makes it accessible. 

Cocktails were generous, wines well selected. Smart and kind all the way around. 

The best salmon I've had in Madison - getting it truly medium rare made me nervous so I asked - is this OK or too rare - the smart server explained because it's sashimi grade having a cool center is safe. Having the OK that it was safe I could enjoy it. And made us all the more committed to coming back - he addressed a concern, we knew why it was delicious, and we felt OK asking questions. 

Because every good review needs to be balanced - the chip appetizer was uneven and has so many competitors in area who do it so well - choose another starter.

Cheers to The SPOT - try it.
And we have another new eatery in Stockbridge, this one in the form of a cozy wine bar. The interior is dark and romantic, accented with giant head sculptures and comfortable custom pillows. We were made to feel welcome from the start, and the service was good throughout. 

The wine list is diverse and approachable, with short descriptions to help guide your choice. Around 15 wines are offered by the glass. Every wine we tried was good, and the prices seemed about average for this area.

The food plates are mostly designed for sharing. We started with the smoked aubergine on toast and mull crab bon bons, followed by the portobello mushrooms and the monkfish Thai curry. Portions are small but priced accordingly, which works out well if you'd like to try several different things. The Thai curry was my favorite dish. The mushrooms were delicious if just a tad too oily. The starters were interesting, but not amazing. 

For dessert we split a ginger sticky toffee pudding, which was small and tasty (and came with a disproportionately large side of clotted cream). 

Overall a lovely evening out.
On the plus side, this new restaurant looks great and the location (opposite Scran & Scallie and a few doors along from the new Raeburn) is perfect. But we left after our Sunday lunch today feeling hungry and a bit disappointed. The food looks and tastes beautiful but (although I recognise this is a tapas bar and you expect to have lots of small dishes) there's so little of it! £6.50 for two filled 5cm diameter mushrooms was very steep for what it was. I noticed with amusement the family at the next table were looking at their orders (as we had with ours) with 'Is this it?!' expressions on their faces.
Rollo had crammed so many tables and seats in today (Mother's Day) that, in an attempt to stop falling over a barricade of stools in front of me, I knocked over one of the dozens of candles and got hot wax down my new coat. The waitress saw the whole thing unfold, but just stared and pushed past us to get to the next table. She was quite sullen, although it has to be said that the other waitress who served us was lovely.
The three of us gave it 2/5, 3/5 and 2/5, so I've averaged out the score. 
I'm afraid I wouldn't recommend Rollo, and won't be returning..
Came here as a group of 4 on a sat night. Weekend booking is a must. The place was heaving which, as it's such a small venue, doesn't leave much room for comfort. As long as you don't need to get up to the toilet more than once you'll be fine! :) 

The food was excellent quality though, however I'm not really a fan of the concept of tapas sized plates. Personally I prefer my own food unless I'm at a Turkish or Moroccan restaurant where it's a free for all. The concept of tapas is sharing food however I didn't feel some of the dishes were really sharing friendly. It felt like a bit gimmicky. 

The winning dish for me was the simplest and that was the haloumi and pomegranate tabbouleh. No complaints from the party for the meatballs, prawns or the haggis Bon bons. Yummy... 

The wine wasn't overpriced which Is a trap a lot of new restaurants fall into in the Stockbridge area. I think overall the bill came to around £40 per head which considering we had a 3 course selection of food plates, sides plus 3 bottles of wine, I thought wasn't too bad. Would I go again? Maybe not. However I wouldn't not recommend it for someone to try. M
Had lunch here with a friend last week, service was laid back and friendly.

We each did the bon bon wine flight which was fantastic. 3 bon bons (prawn, goat cheese & haggis) paired with 3 different wines. 

Followed by portobello mushrooms for her and tuna steak for me. The mushrooms seemed to be oozing pesto and judging by the amount of green left on the plate, could maybe have done with a bit less. My tuna steak was perfectly cooked but the mango salsa was lacking the 'zing' that I was hoping for.

I love the idea of tapa style bite size plates and the wine list is varied and easily navigated so I'd happily head back for the wine list and a light bite though probably wouldn't consider it solely as a dining option.