Sadly enough, this once hookah bar is now only a restaurant/bar due to Madison's smoking ban.  One of Casbah's best kept secrets is the fact that they have half-price appetizers during happy hour (until 6:00) M-F.  My girlfriends and I just ate here Friday night, sneaking in at 5:45 and eating at the bar because the only two tables downstairs were full.  The food was delicious and because it was so cheap, we ordered 5 appetizers...for a total of $16.50!!!!!!  Everything was served with warm pitas and I would highly recommend the Dolmadakia Yalantzi, which is grape leaves rolled with a filling of seasoned rice, chopped fresh tomatoes, and spices.  Delicious!  Also, if you are in them mood for a real meal...the prices range from $12-20 with good vegetarian options.
We arrived in Madison on Christmas and needed a place to have dinner - Denny's just wasn't going to cut it.  So we called The Casbah, which happened to be open, and were completely delighted with what we found.  Highlights:

-  Three stories - a basement with a cloth-shrouded den for each table, where you sit, surrounded by pillows and cross-legged like a sultan, a main story with club-style lighting adorning the walls and a very hip looking bar, and an upper level with your traditional fine-dining setup, white table cloths and a rustic feel.

- The fare - excellently done, but a little expensive.  We had "The Ultimate Grill" for two, in which everything was cooked to perfection, including the veggies!  We also had falafel & tahini, which my Israeli accompaniment agreed was some of the finest we've tried in the States, tabouli, and a vegan lemon/lentil soup.  All were divine.

- Service - our waiter was friendly and earnest, and this was his first time out of the kitchen.  He was eager to share about the restaurant - the owner is a Palestinean and has been in Madison running the restaurant for over 30 years.

Definitely two thumbs up from us.  And thanks for being open on Christmas!  Love, the Jews
We just ate here last night.  They seemed to be pretty busy - there was a party they were preparing for upstairs.  We were seated in the bar/dining area.  I loved the traditional middle eastern music playing in the background.  The food was good.  The Lamb Kebab was very tender however it didn't seem to be seasoned very much.  I still liked it though and we ate it all along with the rice, vegetables and hummus it came with.  We also had the spinach/lentil soup which was very tangy and reminded me of Gujarati Dal.  The Date Salad was really good too - tangy and sweet.  I also tried one of their red wines from turkey and it went perfectly with our meal.  I'd love to go back and try more food and even catch a belly dance performance!
I was not familiar with the former incarnation of this place, but it's current rebirth left me unthrilled. I suppose they are still training staff and maybe even short-handed, and it shows. The service was over-burdened. When they flubbed my order -- I said lamb, but chicken showed up -- my dinner companions and I had to wait about 10 minutes until we could tell our server about the mistake. They fixed it quick though -- they just scooped the chicken out and plopped some lamb on top and brought it right back -- easy to tell that when you find some of the chicken you tried to return still sitting in the middle of your couscous! 

The food is average quality, but the presentation is nice, so you may be fooled. My meat was tough, vegetables seemed an after-thought.  This place ain't cheap, so you'd expect a bit more, overall.

This is Madison. There are options, and I' for one would take the dining room of King of Falafel over Casbah any night of the week.
The only time I had been in Casbah was years ago watching those braver than I take down flaming shots of liquor.  Now returning about three years later, the Casbah has closed and reopened under much publicized new management.  

Arriving this time for a late dinner we found the place almost entirely empty but still serving food till 10, this gave us the luxury to simply walk around and see all the beautiful designs on each floor.  Along each of the diverse floor settings you can accommodate yourself to your preference.  The main floor has the Moroccan bazaar feeling, with tile tables and a nicely woven-in bar.  The top floor consists of a large dining room prepared more elegantly full ensemble of white napkins.  Finally, the fairly small basement level has several private and romantic booths with raised floors beneath the tables as a gesture to the custom of sitting cross-legged on the floor.  Having done this tradition before, I enjoy the median the Casbah has provided, the sensation of sitting on the floor but having a bottom cushion, more pillows, and easier access to a solid table in front of you.  Often meals from this region are lengthy multiple courses that involve desserts and then coffee so sitting without much support can become uncomfortable or distracting from the food and the experience which is meant to be drawn out and savored.  

Not only is the atmosphere amazing, the food is delightful.  My dish, whose real name I admittedly cannot recall, was lamb with prunes served over rice.  I substituted rice for couscous which I always find rather mundane.  The lamb was very tender and juicy and the combination of that at the prunes was surprisingly delicious.  My partner got a b'stilla, I remember that one, which is a very unique creation.  It's a flakey pie stuffed with shredded meat and vegetables with the outer layer being sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon, amazing flavor combination.  The meal also came with a nice soup, a lentil and a chicken and beans both of which were also quite nice.  

Overall, my experience at the Casbah was well-rounded and solid.  With gorgeous dcor and really fresh flavors in exotic dishes.  The service was also quite courteous from host, waitress, manager, even the cook from the behind the bar waived to us.  It was one of the few times I've felt like I was actually being treated, in every sense of the word, to a exquisite meal, as if I was a foreign dignitary.  This brought the whole evening together making the Casbah a truly enjoyable and complete experience.

UPDATE:  I went back to eat here about a year after the above and the food wasn't as fantastical.  Still good but not amazing.   5 to 4 it must go.
I've never eaten here, but I will say hands-down Casbah has the BEST mojitos in Madison.  They're tart and they actually muddle with sugar so it's a little gritty as they should be. They are also gigantic.
I made the mistake of sitting in the lower level -- affectionately called "King Tut's" on their website.  It's made out to be an intimate place to eat, but really it's a llot like eating in your mom's musty basement.  I kept expecting some creepy crawly thing to scutter out from somewhere.  The whole place just felt damp and icky..

The food was just there.... nothing really too exciting -- and I like Mediterranean food!  I'd much rather go to Kabul over on State or any number of places before heading here again.
I love the mix of 1-2 star and 5 star reviews The Casbah has.  I'm going to put my vote for smackdab in the middle, with a solid 3 star review.

Don't get me wrong.  For fancy drinking, I adore this bar.  The decor and the low-lit prettiness is very sexy.  The drinks are overpriced, but well worth it.  I had some seasonal cocktail once that had blackberry brandy, sherry, cream (and possibly other things), and two ripe blackberries floating on top, served in a martini glass.  Since it's been 4+ years and that drink is still distinguishable from all other fancy drinks in my mind, you know it was a well spent $8.  I have come to drink here many times and have enjoyed it thoroughly each and every time.

The eating, though?  Not so much.  The food was average at best, but very overpriced.  I remember the restaurant being mostly dead, but service being slow.  My overall opinion of The Casbah (which had been so high) dropped a lot that night.

So, go late for some nummy drinks.  Skip dinner.
Went to Casbah on a recent Saturday night- we were seated upstairs which is a very pretty, well-lit casual space.  My friend and I ordered the vegetarian platter for two- but they were out of tabouli and substituted (something).  The hummus and baba ghanouj were very good, pitas were plentiful, the falafel-pucks were interesting, but overall the quality of the food was mediocre.  Not awful, but not memorable.  Service, though- was memorable and not in a good way.  I get that the building is multi-storied, and maybe that's why it takes so long to get your drinks or more pita, or your check.  

I won't say we'll never be back, I'm just not in a hurry.
The Casbah is expensive, but for the most part you get what you pay for.  The decor upstairs is lovely; everything is all twinkly and seems to get twinklier as your senses are enhanced by the richly spiced food and darn good cocktails.  Vegetarian entrees are in a separate section of the menu.  My favorites are the lentil soup, the m'hamra, the vegetarian platter, and the spinach pie.  I also love a cocktail called the Gypsy--it is lemon and orange juice with vodka and Benedictine, and it's always made just tart enough.

My only gripe is that their website says they're open on Sundays, but one Sunday evening I walked all the way out there in the snow to find they were closed.
2/13/10 UPDATE:  Maintaining a 3-star rating, but related to their generally not very good service, warning vegans and allergy-sufferers to STAY AWAY.  We ate there a couple of weeks ago with a friend who is vegan, and therefore made very sure to let the waiter know that she did not want a particular side that included yogurt.  When they brought up the plates, hers had the yogurt dish on it.  She very pleasantly explained the problem to the waiter, who took her plate away and returned about 10 minutes later... with visible traces of the yogurt still on the plate, around the side with which they had replaced it.  She did eventually get a plate that had not been contaminated (as far as we know), but if you had, say, a serious food allergy I would NOT trust the Casbah waitstaff not to kill you.

The food is excellent--well-seasoned and the meat is always succulent, and their rice and couscous have lovely flavor.  I love the lentil soup and always order it with dinners.  (UPDATE: Had the balaklavah recently with a special and it was INCREDIBLY dry.  Avoid.)

The $$ price category fits, but just barely--I find that a dinner for two, with one of us drinking, generally runs us about $65 once you add on the tip.  The food is good, but I find the waitstaff are often awkward in various ways.  This last time that we went, the waitress told us we could sit upstairs or downstairs, which I assumed was the ground level but apparently was the basement.  I still don't know why she wouldn't just seat us on the ground floor, which was completely empty.  The upper story is nicely decorated but I always feel like I've been stashed in someone's attic.

Also, although I like their wine selection, I had to give up on their cocktails after having several that were just not to my taste.  They're a bit on the expensive side, although I will say they are pretty strong--sometimes TOO strong, which might contribute to the taste issue (and it's not that I don't like strong drinks, but it gets to the point that it overwhelms all other flavors).
My husband and I went here for a "nice" dinner.  We were very disappointed.  The food was BLAND, the service terrible.  I'd say don't bother.
I was a bit leary of going here after reading the review but LOVED it!   Yes the basement has a bit of a musty smell but it a very cute and fun environment sitting down there.  I have been back there 3 times now and have sat downstairs twice and upstairs once.  The food is authentic and amazing!!!!  The price is very reasonable!  I feel bad for the wait staff having to run up and down the stairs for everything.  The service is a bit slow but it is probably because the place is not set up geographically nice for the wait staff.  I will go back (as I already have a couple times).
As a huge fan of Mediterranean food, I am disappointed that I will not be going back to the Casbah. This is even more disappointing since this is the only Mediterranean restaurant in a reasonable walking distance from my office for lunch.
 
I have given the Casbah three opportunities to make me a devoted fan. Every time I have placed a to-go order, it has either been the wrong order or on two occasions the chicken was raw.
One of the best Mediterranean restaurants in Madison. Nothing beats their kebabs!
Food was delicious, has a store too.
Food is totally awesome. The owner is great too, the only issue is that since she does everything, it's possible it takes forever to get service.

Restaurant, Clothing Store, and Grocery.
There ( almost ) is no need to hop the Marrakech Express since we have Alzohour Market right here in Phoenix. Islamic clothing , groceries and other items are sold here but there also is a very modest small Moroccan Restaurant and Bakery here. The food we tried was delicious. Service was VERY pleasant but terribly slow. I think it took them a half hour to bring our beverages. Only one  other small table was in the restaurant and our meal was a two hour stay so that should be noted. I also noticed that table of four people had each plate delivered to them one by one and NOT TOGETHER! I think it might be very hectic for them to serve more than two tables at a time.

We shared the B'Stilla. It's a Moroccan Appetizer. It's a very large House Made Phyllo Pastry stuffed with shredded chicken, almonds, and cinnamon. It very delicious and certainly unique. It really feeds four or more people but we wanted to try it.

Then we shared another Moroccan dish the Fish Tangine. It was Cod on a sizzling skillet in a Tomato based sauce with onions ,  bell peppers , preserved lemons and exotic spices. It was very fragrant and spicy! They gave us side salads and a big plate of fluffy long grain rice to share.

You can get Moroccan without the hassle of going to Marrakech. 

This building is Halal that means no pork is in the building and a big wall of A Grade Maricopa inspection reports are posted on the window.
Fabulous food. The owner is terrific.  You won't be disappointed. We drove 40 miles and will do it again. We tried four dishes and the were all delicious.
A neighborhood ethnic place in yet another ubiquitous strip mall. I thought the food was good and the owners charming. I had the lamb shank with vegetables and cous cous. I thought is was good not great. It needed more seasoning and I relied on some red spicy sauce we all passed around to give it dimension. If I am ever in that neck of the woods again, I would definitely try one of the tangines. 
We need to support places like this and enjoy the diversity in our neighborhoods!
Really, I can describe this place only in superlatives. I've been here multiple times now, and it has never disappointed. Everything is cooked fresh, the flavors blend beautifully, and the owner is pleasant and informative.
A friend and I shared a chicken  bastilla here and loved it. Along with its companion salad, it would easily have served three, maybe four lunchers. Our second lunch buddy had the Bosnian sausage, served with sour cream but not avjar, which pretty well matched that of the Sarajevo Cafe but was not quite as savory (perhaps less fatty, which for us is actually a good thing). Service was leisurely, but we expected that. So, all good, though I wish they had divided up the salad and maybe the bastilla on individual plates (tables are small and the ensuing plate clutter was significant) and offered our friend both sour cream and the peppery red sauce (avjar) that would have made the sausages more complex and delicious. Other than that, no complaints at all about the food. Can't wait to return for another bastilla. 

I can't speak for the scope of the market, but I did find some interesting items and did not find their prices out of line, considering how small the operation is. Enjoyed seeing the colorful clothing, at least some of which is apparently sewn on site. 

My friends and I lunch weekly and seldom repeat a restaurant, but we agreed this one is a keeper for all of us.
My friend found this small Moroccan grocery and invited me to stop by for dinner. The interior consists of a grocery and clothing section, and a tiny dining area. There was not much of ambiance as we were the only visitors on that evening. It's a one-person operation and the owner does everything from kitchen to the floor. 

The Harira ($3.99) came with lentils, tomatoes, garbanzo beans and cilantro soup. The blend of ingredients and spices made it zesty hearty with a good lift stemming from a mix of lentil and cilantro. It was a light opener and one item to consider for those looking for soups. 

The Baba Ghannouge ($4.99) came with baked eggplant, sesame sauce, garlic, and lemon. The thick eggplant consistency was garlicky and addictive. The zesty lemony flavor nicely intertwined with the deepening sesame sauce. However, the bursts of eggplant flavors were held in check and in need to be more striking.

The Bamiah ($12.99) was put together with a large bulky piece of simmered lamb, saffron, okra, and a combination of spices. The okra was very tasty and nicely stewed. The outer-layer of the lamb had some dry spots, but otherwise it was tender and easy to fork into. The mix of spices could also be more intense and integrated. It was missing one note that could have brought it all together. 

The Goat Tagine ($14.99) was culminated by a large bulky piece of goat with the bone in, saffron, and spices. The goat too, had some dry spots on the outside, but it was still very tender and easy to fork into. The aroma was sensational, but I wished the goat were seasoned better.

Overall, the food was solid but not spectacular. There were some minor wow factors stemming from the soup and the wonder aroma of meat and spices. Despite the missing notes that could serve as a bridge between the meat and broth, but the drizzles were still very tasty when served on top of our generous servings of rice. 

Service was very personable and friendly. It goes without saying, but the one-person operation will cause the food to take some time to arrive. I'd be very interested in coming back to try their good-looking Bastilla.
Friday night in vegas with no prior dinner plans can be a pain in the you know what.  Every damn place had a wait that was a hour longer then it should be.  Marrakech is an unsuspecting nondescript store front in a shopping mall just off the strip.  It's neighbors include Ruth Chris steakhouse and some tapas place.  When you walk in you are stepping into a room with floor to ceiling carpetting and guys in mc hammer pant like costumes.  It's a pretty cool and intimate setting.  You sit on little couches and eat food with your hands.  The meal was good and portions were generous.   Later on a belly dancer came out.  It was definitely an unusual and fun part of our vacation!
Marrakech is a fun place for a nice dinner out.  Good for a twosome or a group, I've never been disappointed.

The menu is a set six course meal, so you don't get your choice of what you want, but it's all yumtastic.  A shrimp plate gives way to a barley soup, then a plate of stuffed grape leaves and hummus, half a game hen, lamb kabobs in pineapple and an apple dessert that satisfies.  It's all fantastic.

The interior is fantastic - rich rugs and draperies line the walls and ceilings, and seating is on the floor with pillows.  The service can take a while, but the entire experience is fun so I never minded.  Bellydancers swirl about and our server poured tea from shoulder height into a cup balanced on his toe.  Bravo, dude.
Last night my very agreeable boyfriend took me to this Moroccan/ middle eastern restaurant for dinner. He obliged me this dinner and I'm so glad he did!! 
It is a six course meal that is already set for you. The meal was something like, shrimp scampi, hummus and veggies, soup, beef kabob, Cornish game hen on top of yummy cous cous and then an apple filo thing. 
It was yummy, filling, it didn't BLOW ME AWAY...but it was fun and romantic and yummy and I will defiantly go back when I feel like sipping mint tea and eating some middle eastern food!
I pretty much agree with what everyone else said about this place.  I guess the menu is the same everytime which is fine for what it is.  I would go to this place with a big group in a heartbeat.  How does anyone finish the 6 courses?  Every table there got a box to go...no way you can finish the game hen.
Came here for a bachelorette party dinner before we went out. Such a great place for a big group. I like how they wash your hands with rose water. Smells so good! Come hungry because they serve so much food! I don't know anyone who can finish all 6 courses. By the time the main course with the cous cous and game hen came out, most of our table was done eating. I tried a bit of everything and liked it all. It starts with bread and a shrimp dish, followed by lentil soup and a hummus and veggie plate, followed by kebabs skewered into a pineapple, the cous cous with game hen, then dessert followed by a mint tea or something like that. Everyone loved the dessert (apples and peaches baked in phyllo dough), and even though we all swore we were full, most of us ate the dessert anyway.

Belly dancers provided entertainment and music was piped in when the dancers weren't performing. You eat with your hands for the most part and the chairs around the tables are kinda low so it was weird because I was wearing high heels and my back kinda hurt so I had to take my shoes off. I'm not even sure how much it is, because the organizer of our group just said to put in $25 each for the bill. I thought it was pretty reasonable for the amount of food we got.
Marrakech was an oasis of wonderful food and atmosphere on our recent trip to Vegas.  The decor is stunning and the shaabi/rai music was manna to my abused ears (seriously, did they stop importing music into Vegas in the early 90s?  so much bad music everywhere we went!).  The food was by far the best we had during our trip; you can tell the difference between chefs who make food because they care about food and chefs who design dishes to please the masses, and the chefs at Marrakech are definitely the former.  We were stuffed by the kabobs, but made a valiant effort to eat what we could of the couscous and the sweet bistilla served for dessert.

And of course there was the belly dancing--house dancer Aradia put on an excellent show, full of energy even though the restaurant was not that busy on a Tuesday evening.  I'm a dancer myself and I can say with authority that she is very good, a national class dancer and a great entertainer.

In short, Marrakech is the real deal and I highly recommend it!
We came here because of a Yelp suggestion when I was looking for a special bday place for under $100 for two. 

When I first walked in, I was disappointed. I expected quiet and romantic and it was loud and a bit boisterous. But our seats were cozy and close, so it made conversation easy. Once my expectations readjusted, I had a great time.

The music could be a little lower in volume when the dancers come out, and it could be even lower still in between dancers. But the cozy seating and the method of eating made it all cozy anyway. And...the music was mostly quite awesome!

The scampi was scrumptious, though though would have been completely stellar with a bit less salt. My bf's vegetarian version with mushrooms was a neat idea and worked well.

The lentil soup was some of the best I ever had! In fact, all of the food was really good. 

This was a fun night and though I wouldn't eat there all the time, this is definitely  a place to take a group. Aside from the bellydancing, the presentation of the food, hand washing, tea pouring, are all flashy, showy and FUN! 

Do it!
Well, this was the first time I had gone out for Moroccan cuisine, but my wife and I were feeling like something different and some Vegas locals had recommended it.  
I was pleasantly surprised when I saw they were serving a set, six-course menu.  It gave us a variety of food at a good price ($40 a person).
The decor in this place was fantastic too.  It seems like everything off "The Strip" in Vegas is in a strip-mall, including this place.  But the atmosphere inside not cookie-cutter as I half expected. 
The belly dancing show that goes on periodically while you eat, is a good balance of fun, sexy, and family-friendly.  

When all was said and done, the food was delicious, and offered more than we could eat.  The servers were friendly, and happily answered any questions.
Yum!  Although you don't have a menu to choose from the fixed meal is awesome.  The steak melts in your mouth and the shrimp scampi and bread is awesome.  It's a good place to take friends to...definitely not your typical restaurant.  I highly recommend it :)
saw Philip's review a month or so ago and it reminded me ( after eating at firefly and dragonfly several times ) that i need to hit this place. 

'm trying to figure out how this place makes $$. The price is very reasonable for what you get. i liked everything - especially the shrimp and the chicken - it ain't high end stuff but decent . 

my roomie was convinced the dancer was trying to pick-up on me - all i can say is, IN MY DREAMS !! She did make a point to come by after the dance to talk to me - one of those, " don't i know you from somewhere ? " 

thank god, it turns out she's a friend of a friend , then again, i think it might have been more fun/interesting if she was trying to pick up on me !

If i had to arrange for a lively dinner for a group, this place is in my top 5 - especially if $$ is an issue.

Happy Eating !
This place is, as indicated by the three stars, "A-OK."  I was in the mood for something new and different, and Moroccan food at Marrakech, seemed to be it, especially reading all the good reviews.  But, I was less than impressed.

First, the food: 6 course set meal, for $40/person-
1) shrimp scampi type dish w/ fresh bread- good, but tastes like any other scampi dish you get at an American restaurant, with just a hint of a foreign spice; the shrimp were a little dry
2) lentil soup- good but tastes like Campell's Tomato Soup with rice.
3) "salad" which consisted of various vegetables and hummus- hummus is awesome, seasoned vegetagles ok.
4) beef skewers- this was the best part of the meal; the steaks were juicy and the vegetables (scallion and green bell peppers) were perfectly cooked, but there were only 3 pieces, which was disappointing.
5) Chicken-I had two bites and put down my fork; the chicken was super dry and combined with the cous cous, I felt like I had cotton mouth.  Thank goodness for my delicious Lebanese beer.
6) Dessert- This was pretty good, but there was too much powdered sugar (if that's possible) and cinnamon.  I wish there was some type of custard inside, which reduced the dry texture of the dessert.

Second, entertainment: I can honestly say that even though the food was sub-par, the entertainment was definitely an experience.  I mean, 2 scantily clad women shaking their booties, how can you go wrong?  

I definitely think that this place is more of a group adventure, where everyone can have a chance to dance with the ladies and be merry, and ignore the fact that the food is not that great, and somewhat overpriced.  If you want authentic Moroccan, I don't think this place is the place to go, but for a good time with friends, totally worth it.

A-OK.
watching Aradia dance is the only reason to go there, which makes it not worth the $40/person. the food isn't bad, but lacks flavor, even I make slightly better couscous, and compared to my mother-in-law's couscous, this is chicken sweat. I wouldn't go again, because it seems like all they have is a set menu.
What an experience!! My wife and I decided to try this place on our anniversary after finding it here on yelp. It was beyond our expectations and we will most certainly come back with friends and family when we can afford it. 

First off, when we entered the restaurant I was shocked at how small the place is. Everything was in one small room with no source of outside light. Once you pass through the curtains at the entrance it is almost like entering a giant tent! Very awesome ambiance, the lights and the low seats and everything made for a very unique experience. 

It was also really cool when they came to our table with towels and some rose water to wash our hands in! If you aren't aware yet, Moroccan cuisine involves using your hands for most of the meals. So they bring one big plate of food and everyone serves themselves with their hands. Not a big deal for my wife and I thankfully. 

Ok, now for the food. The scampi was yummy, both my wife and I agree it was better prepared than most restaurants would do so. The shrimp was still plump and the sauce was wonderful with the bread they brought out. Careful though, stains aplenty here!

The soup was my least favorite but one of my wife's favorites. I thought it was a little better than canned tomato soup, but my wife thought it was the best she'd ever had. 

The salad was incredible!! I normally don't like hummus but this stuff was insanely good, combine it with the carrots and I was in heaven. Came with a few veggies that are marinated and my wife and I finished it off far too quickly for our tastes.

The skewers were awesome, but I jumped in a little too quickly and burned myself on the onion =P. The meat was perfect though and just melted in my mouth once I could eat it safely, lol.

Mmmm, the chicken. Sadly my wife and I were getting full by this point, but we still tried it. The cous cous was not to my or my wife's tastes, but the chicken was moist and just fell apart in my hands. Excellent cold as well since I took it home as leftovers and enjoyed it the next day.

Finally the dessert.... nearly killed me since I'm borderline diabetic  so I only let myself one bite. Soooo much powdered sugar, lol, my wife enjoyed it but we both agreed it could have used more chunks of fruit inside.

As for entertainment, the dancer was pretty cool and she is quite talented, but I'm thankful she kept some distance from me and stuck to the larger groups. I'd rather not have found myself on the couch later due to my gawking eyes, lol ^_-
Great Staff, Great Food, and WOW can they dance! I would come back anytime. Before they brought out the main course I was full, left alot of food, since I am in a hotel on the strip, but had a ton we could bring home.
Wow this place is great.  No menus, $60 a person, Belly Dancers, Authentic Atmosphere... doesn't even feel like your still in Vegas.  The food which was 6 courses melted in my mouth.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but as much as I loved the steak, I HAVE to find out what sauce the fruit was smothered in.  Its not even right.  I literally was full after the 4th course and couldn't stop eating because itw as so good.  We went with a big group, but I would def take a girl there that enjoys good culture.  Maybe not the high-maintence bottle-service only type.
We finally got the chance to come here with a party of 6. It is a set menu, 6 courses for $40 per person. The tables arent that comfortable though since its low. They start off with washing your hands in rose water. The first course is a shrimp scampi which was a delicious sauce that the bread went very with. We gobbled it up. the soup was an ok tomato like soup, and the hummus dip was really good. They served the next course, the beef kabobs in a pineapple with skewers. The main course was really good with couscous, raisins and very soft chicken. I thought the dessert was amazinnnngggg. It was like a fruit pastry with fillo dough and the tea that ended with the meal was sweet and delicious. 

Oh and the belly dancers made the night enjoyable with some great entertainment.
I love this place. I went here a long while ago but we still talk about this restaurant !! I'm going to send my parents here for their next trip to vegas. The food was fantastic and the atmosphere was really nice. The bellydancing adds a nice touch. But save room for dessert ! I still salivate thinking about that fruit pastry they serve at the end with the mint tea. I can't seem to find it anywhere else ! MUST GO BACK!!
I would give it 5 stars but it nearly put a hole in my pocket ($40/person). It was my bad since I didn't look at the price menu before walking in BUTI left SA-TIS-FIED! When I was working in Vegas, I discovered this spot one night when a friend and I were just feeling some Mediterranean food.

It was a six course meal that left me wanting more and more and more....MMmmm the Shrimp Scampi were delish! The game hen was so tender and savory, the meat just fell right of the bones and into my salivating mouth. The hummus with veggies were also to die for. The belly dancer were entertaining as well. 

I only wish that they had lunch specials or something for half price during the day, you know without all the oohhs and ahhhs, entertainment, and fancy shamancy shiet. I'm selfish. I know. I just want to be able to afford you in this economic crisis....
Awesome food, awesome atmosphere, awesome entertainment, what more can you ask for. I went here last year for a company Christmas party so the whole restaurant, which is small, was closed to the public. It is a fix menu consisting of 6 courses. You start your meal with an awesome shrimp scampi, followed by hummus with vegetables, filet minon skewers served in a pineapple, then the main course which is a cornish hen with cous cous, and finally a Morracan desert which I can not remember the name of. Before dinner starts you rinse your hands with warm rose water poured from a pitcher and a bowl underneath your hands to catch the water. A towel is then provided to dry your hands. Several times during dinner there is belly dancing to provide entertainment. The belly dancers encourage patron participation beckoning for them to get up and dance. All food is served in sizes to fit the amount of people in the party. This is a great restaurant to get a Morracan experience and the price is just right for the amount of food you get. You can also order cocktails or a nice Morracan wine or beer. Make this a must eat place in Las Vegas.
Best Moroccan food I've had since I was in London! I wish I could find something like this in Phoenix. If anyone knows of a great Moroccan place here, pleeeeze let me know. 

Marrakech offers a set menu with several courses. Simply check out the pics one of the reviewers put up (kudos). No menu. Just a server swiftly giving you the run-down of what will be served. I believe the meal is $40/person.  I'm allergic to seafood and couldn't eat the shrimp scampi. They were very cool about substituting. I had sauteed mushrooms in garlic &  herbs. I dipped the peasant bread in the juices and OMG!! The hummus course was so good and so smooth that I literally want to hop on a plane right now just for a repeat! 

By the 4th course I was stuffed, but the food was so damn good that I just kept going and going! This is one of those places the locals go. So I knew it would be great. Oh, and fellas, the belly dancers are awesome too!

Oh, and ask for Leo (server)!
We probably shouldn't have eaten indian buffet for lunch before coming here for dinner. 

The exterior of the restaurant looks NOTHING like the inside, you are pleasantly surprised the second you walk in through the doors and see the red curtains. The staff however didn't seem very friendly at all, we weren't greeted. The first thing they even said when they saw us was "do you have reservations?" Rather than greet us and say hello, that's all they asked us. I wasn't too fond of that, which just made me change my rating from a 4 star to a 3. 

The inside of the restaurant was beautiful! With fabricated walls and intricate designs. I loved it. The low lit room set the mood to a very cool ambiance. This is definitely a place for a nice date or hangout session. 

We didn't realize what we were in for when it came to the food! 6 courses I recall. First we got the shrimp with the bread. That was so good! We ate the shrimp and dipped the bread in the sauce. It came with a whole loaf of bread. My boyfriend and I just kept eating and eating more bread, then the second appetizer came in. That's when the waiter says "oh, I should've warned you not to really eat much of that bread since you still have 5 more courses." Wow really? That's something he should've mentioned the second he put down the plate of bread. By that time we were halfway stuffed with the bread. 

The dip was ehh, I pretty much tried to force my boyfriend to eat most of it.

The meat skewers were very tender and juicy and came with a whole pineapple! I don't understand why it came with a whole pineapple though. It's like that wasted that whole thing just to have meat skewers stabbed into it. Kind of strange. 

The main course was very tasty! I didn't finish it though, not even half because I was waay too stuffed by then. Thank goodness they had to go boxes (which they never offered) we had to ask them if they even had any. Otherwise they would've thrown that whole meal away. 

The dessert was different, but good. It was a warm delight! I mainly focused on eating the outer layer of it though, since it was crunchy. I don't think I really touched the inside at all, ha.

The tea was awesome! And the way they served it was out of this world! I wish I could've taken THAT home.

All in all, the food was good, but the service was less than mediocre. It seemed like from the beginning they didn't care for us being their customers at all and the only people they even smiled at or tended to was the party of about 10 people that was going on across the room. 3 stars. I understand they were a larger party, but they were the ONLY other party. 

When we left, we weren't thanked for dining there, nor were we given a nice, "Have a good night, come back again!" like most other places would've done. 
I'd like to come back again. Hopefully I'd have a better experience though
We felt like royalty at Marrakech!  I took my fiancee here for our first anniversary as part of a full day of activities in Las Vegas.  After driving from Los Angeles, seeing a show, and wandering around, this was the kicker at the end of the night...and it didn't disappoint.

Marrakech is a very unassuming restaurant from the outside.  It looks like a regular hole in the wall joint, with nothing spectacular going on inside.  This is where this facade ends.  Once we stepped in, we felt as if we'd been transported to a distant land, where the royalty had lavish tents filled with food, drink, and debauchery.  The interior had a beautiful, and romantic appeal which seduced us with beauty, aroma, and ambiance.  We were lead to our section of the "tent" and began our meal.  It was explained to us that the menu is prix fixe, and if we had any preferences (vegetarian) to let them know.  We did not, so they began to serve us.

Before the meal started, they washed our hands in rose water over a beautifully elaborate bowl, and we knew that we were in for a treat.  Next, they began to bring out the food.  Each dish was extravagant, and each dish progressively tasted better and better.  We were wowed by the presentation of the dishes, and the flavors exceeded even the visual appeal of the beautifully prepared dishes.

Just when we thought we were done, they brought out the dancers.  Now this was a year into our relationship, so I began to avert my eyes from the dancers, and enjoy the company with whom I was spending my time.  My fiancee, however, thought it would be a good idea to make me dance with the dancer.  I obliged, and after an embarrassing (but fun) dance, I was affirmed of the excellence of this place.

We have tried looking around for somewhere similar in our area, but have yet to try something, since this was one of the best dining experiences we had.  We have never found Moroccan food to even come close.
We had the best time here! The atmosphere is great- very authentic decor, loved the belly dancer and the wait staff were funny and attentive! The food was also really good- its a 6 course pre fixe for $39.99. We had so much food left over we were sad we didn't have a fridge to put it in at the hotel. We started with shrimp scampi, then a tomato-lentil soup, a hummus platter with marinated vegetables and eggplant, followed by beef skewers served in a whole pineapple (these last 2 dished were my favorites), finished by a chicken, squash and cous cous dish topped off with a desert of phylo dough filled with fruits and nuts. It was seriously satisfying, delicious food!

If we lived in Vegas we'd be back. Our birthday girl had a blast and it made for a really fun night!
Last week I went with some girlfriends to Vegas for my 30th birthday (yay!) and we really wanted to try a unique restaurant...Marrakech fit the bill perfectly and I'm so happy we decided to be adventurous and leave the strip!

The decor is amazing...the second you walk through the door, you feel as though you've been swept out of the country.

The wait staff was attentive and extremely funny...our waiter dances for the ladies ;). The gal who did the belly dancing was entertaining, talented and very sweet. I admit, she got me up to shake my groove thing...though I'm not nearly as good at belly dancing as she was...but watch out...I may be working there soon. Ha!

The food was delicious. It is a 6-course set menu, starting with shrimp scampi that is buttery, garlicky and fantastic. Then the tomato lentil soup...nice and hearty but not too heavy. I liked the vegetables and hummus, but I don't think that was the favorite with the other gals. The beef kabobs were phenomenal. OMG, melt in your mouth good and I loved the presentation! Then the fall off the bone chicken and couscous was fabulous, but at this point we were getting so full that we left so much on the plate! Dessert was good, but not my cup of tea. I felt it was missing something, but not sure what. Oh and the tea they served was delicious...definitely the best part of dessert.

So next time you are in Vegas, be adventurous and go off the beaten path...you won't  be sorry!
I was not expecting this place to be great but I was surprised! The food was delicious, the staff was fabtastic.  They made a special night even better for my group.  From the decor to the yummy food, it was a delight to dine here!
Made my second trip to Marrakech while in Vegas during the first week of May.  We went on a Monday night and the place was dead!  Almost too dead.  But the food was plentiful and delicious, although there were a few gaps in between courses that could have been shorter since they weren't really that busy. 
The belly dancer was entertaining and not too pushy, which I liked.  Sometimes they can be a pain in the ass trying to coax you out of your seat to dance with them.  For the fixed price of about $40 per person, you really can't go wrong here.  You will leave stuffed and feel as though you got your money's worth.  For a first time visitor to a Moroccan restaurant I would highly recommend Marrakesh; if you've been before and are looking to try a different place, I would still recommend but it won't be anything you haven't seen or tasted before.
Marrakech was a great dining experience, it was so much more than a dinner. The food was excellent, the atmosphere cozy, warm and intimate. The wait staff is friendly, polite and charming. They are graciously accommodating to vegetarians.

First you begin with hand washing in rose water, then the six course meal provides a LOT of food. Utensils are provided if you ask, however this is meant to be a very hands-on experience. Hence the hand-washing ceremony.

I had mushroom scampi due to a shrimp allergy, which was out of this world, and my boyfriend had shrimp. My friend had zucchini scampi however because she doesn't eat shrimp or mushrooms. Hers was equally delicious.

The hummus was excellent and I'm a picky hummus person. The harrira soup was fantastic; I make it at home a lot and loved it. I never knew my recipe at home was so "on target".

The kebobs were delicious, even the vegetarian option. The bread is addicting from start to finish. Especially when dipping it into the scampi sauce. Next up was the cous cous with Cornish game hen. By now I was just about full but persevered. It was too great not to.

I had an apricot beer to go with my meal with was a perfect choice.

Then there is dessert, a baklava type  dish with Moroccan tea. Both a pleasure to enjoy.

This was truly a unique experience and one I would recommend to anyone who wants to try something a bit different. This is not a restaurant to go to if you do not like to linger.

The belly dancing is fun and mesmerizing for everyone.
Marrakech has become a bit of a staple for me when I am in Las Vegas. My father had taken me and some clients here long ago and I have loved it ever since. 

The restaurant is in a weird spot just a few blocks off of the Strip but well worth the ten dollar cab ride, trust me. It is pretty unassuming from the outside but upon entering you are transported to a middle eastern wonderland. Seats low to the ground, tent like drapery and intricate hanging lamps create a far away vibe. 

Once seated your hands are washed over a bowl with rose scented water as you will be eating with your hands for most of the meal. Can you say "romantic"? Tray after tray of beautifully presented items are whisked out while you lounge on the seats and enjoy the experience. Shrimp scampi, lentil soup, hummus and marinated veggies, filet skewers, couscous and chicken followed by a seriously decadent phylo dough pastry filled with apples and raisins. 

While you dine the most sexy belly dancer you have ever seen wiggles and writhes between the tables. If you are not thoroughly turned on by the atmosphere, the entertainment and the food you must be dead. 

Marrakech is best either in a large group or just for two. I can only imagine being on a date at such a place--uber romantic. And, with a large group the laughter and indulgence is sure to please. I've been with a group of about 10 and I've been with just myself and a gal pal--next will have to be a sexy man to enjoy the ambiance with.
I am dumbfounded by the rave reviews for the food at Marrakech. I've had better food in the employee dining room at Caesars Palace!!! There are much better places in town to get middle eastern food... maybe not Moroccan, per se, but do you really consider two withered beef kabobs jammed in a pineapple with a birthday candle on top Moroccan?!
I did love the ambience here. The room is cozy, red plush sheikh-chic, like the inside of a Bedouin tent. The bellydancer was really beautiful and very talented, and danced for most of the meal. The service was pretty good, and the seats are comfy. In short, everything was going along great until the food arrived!
OK, maybe I don't know enough about Moroccan food (I've only been to one other place that serves it), but I was expecting more delicate spices and exotic sweet/savory blends, grilled meats and interesting stuff like that. What we got was: white bread and shrimp scampi... minestrone soup (OK, it's supposedly "lentil" soup but it tasted like Chef Boyardee to me)... a few pickled beets and olives with hummus and more white bread... the aforementioned beef kabobs jammed into a decorative pineapple... some sort of salty stewed chicked and potatoes... and a GINORMOUS apple-baklava-pie thing that looked like it came from the bakery at Costco, doused in powdered sugar and dumped unceremoniously on a plate. I'm kind of a foodie, and this was not foodie-food -- this was food for people who are too busy ogling a bellydancer to care what they're stuffing into their salivating maws.
I had been wanting to come here for a long time, and  I was very disappointed.  For those seeking an Arabian Nights-vibe, I would recommend Paymon's over this any day -- although they don't have belly dancers, so if that's the main draw for you, then enjoy your white bread and Chef Boyardee... but don't eat the pineapple; they "wash" them and re-use 'em.
My husband took me here last month as a surprise for my birthday. The most unique experience ever and I was pleasantly surprised! I never had Moroccan food before, so I was a bit nervous. I also never experienced a 6 course meal before. This place blew my mind. The meal is set so there is no guessing over a menu on which items to order.The ambiance is amazing, its romantic, the food was delicious, and the experience is unforgettable. They even have a friendly belly dancer  that entertains you throughout your meal.
Great place to go for special occasions. Pricey, but you get what you pay for!
i didnt know what to expect thinking about morroccan food in the cheesiest city in the country. but the food was amazing. it was many courses of flavorful food. from beginning to end we all loved the meal. and for once some where had a hot belly dancer
The interior of this place makes you feel like you're in a genie bottle!  Totally middle eastern style!  A server will come to your table with some rose water and a bowl to wash your hands over.  This place serves a 6 course meal and includes a belly dancer.  Some items included in the 6 course meal include game cornish hen, couscous, kabob, and lentil soup.  Food was excellent!
Maybe it was the free bottle of Moroccan wine, but I was so ridiculously happy with this place. Hubby and I came here for dinner before our big Vegas night out, it was the perfect way to start the night. The decor is warm, sensual, and interesting. There were flowing tapestries and plush little booths, gorgeous belly dancers and friendly waiters. 

FYI you can order a 3 course meal here for $20 rather than the 6 course meal for $40. I knew there was no way I could shove 6 courses down along with all of the alcohol I planned on drinking later! They also have a vegetarian option, if you ask they will work with you. The waiter was patient through all of my crazy-food-issue questions, and didn't even judge me when I ended up sneaking in some shrimp. (what, its my birthday! Its not like I ate a mammal!!) That shrimp was damn tasty too, and the oil it sat in went very well with the bread. The food was so good, I was happy to eat it with my fingers. I really loved this place and skipped out feeling very satisfied with my visit.
i was not at all impressed with marrakech. i will give it two stars for the very cool, tent-like atmosphere, the yummy hummus and the free bottle of wine. otherwise... meh. the lentil soup tasted canned, the bread was dry and the chicken and couscous they served us at the end was tasteless.

they also have a belly dancer who will come up to your table, wiggle around and stare at you while you are either trying to eat your food or converse with your dining companion. i didn't want to be rude and ignore her, but other people were tipping her and i felt awkward paying attention and smiling politely while she danced around our table without giving her a tip, which would have made me feel creepy, like i was at a strip club or something... maybe i am just too awkward for this place.
Oh My God - Such a great experience. Everything from the company, to the food, to the ambiance, to the entertainment was amazing. 

First of all it's off the strip, so you don't have that crazy rush of people coming in and out of the place. It's sort of refreshing, after being surrounded by people 24/7. The place is pretty small, you can probably fit about 50 people in the whole place. So make sure you make a reservation, if you want to get seated right away.

Once you walk in you will notice the great decor. Beautiful bold colors all over the the restaurant, its literally covered top to bottom. The tables/seats are covered in plush cushions, which make you never want to get up from the table.

As far as the food is concerned, everything is on a set menu. It's six courses, the first being shrimp scampi, the second being a tomato based soup, the third being hummus and vegetable platter, the fourth being beef kabobs, the fifth being chicken and couscous, and the sixth and last being a fruit, powdered sugar, filo dough dessert. Everything was family style and amazing. Oh and they really don't give you any silverware, so you have to eat with your hands, good thing they wash your hands with rose water before hand. I really can't tell you which of the six dishes was my favorite, everything had a unique delicious taste. 

The other great thing about this restaurant was the entertainment. Every 15 minutes or so a belly dancer would come and dance about two or three songs. The girls are beautiful and it's amazing how they move their bodies. They also interact with the crowd, they encourage people to come up and dance with them. When I was there some of the crowd was getting too happy - they were making it rain on the belly dancers - throwing lots and lots of dollar bills at them. 

I can't wait to come back again. I will have to take some belly dancing classes before hand, that way I can dance with the best of them!
I really think that this was the best dining experience from my trip. This place has everything done right. Atmosphere is prefect for group or even couples dining.  Beer and wine offerings were okay but thats not what people are there for. 

The 6 course meal offers a lot of food for the great price. After the first few dishes it wasn't too hard to get through the main course. Desert in this meal was probably my least favorite too much powdered sugar and cinnamon  though the peaches made the dish it wasn't for me.

If your looking for a unique experience that takes you away from the tables and slots this is it. Oh and the belly dancing is top notch, just felt crummy to tip here like a stripper.
Wanted to take my mom to a new experience.  Looked on Yelp and found this restaurant.  But I'm ROYALLY PISSED OFF after eating here!!!! 

Let me start by telling you that the quality of food is very good.  The belly dancer is very good.  The reason for the 1*.......

I didn't check the regular price or looked at their website before I went into the restaurant. My bad, but I TRUSTED the waiter.  I mentioned Yelp and the waiter acknowledged the 15% discount on the total bill.  When I received the total bill it was full price but I didn't realize it was until our taxi driver, who came to pick us from the restaurant, mentioned that dinner was $39 something. I came back to the hotel and checked on line.  WHAT THE MOTHER FUCK!!!!!  I got charged full price!!!  I TRUSTED our waiter and he even mentioned for me to make sure I write something on Twitter - yes you heard me right.... "TWITTER" and to make sure I tell my friends.  On their website it mentioned that Thanksgiving eve dinner was 50% off if I mentioned either on Facebook or Twitter.  If he wanted me to write something on Twitter, he could had given me 50% off as indicated on the website.   I wouldn't be bitching so bad if I even got the 15% discount.  It's the principle!!!

Plus I gave him over a 20% tip!!!  Dinner for two $79.90, one goose $7 and tax $7.04 which came up to $93.94 for two people.  Nada discount....

Food and dancing was 5 stars, but the shady thing the waiter did subtracted 4 stars...
Yummmmmmmm  eeeeeeeee!  Taste eeeeeeee!
I'm giving this place a four (it should really be a 3 1/2) mostly for service and entertainment. This is a great place for group dinners and get togethers. The belly dancers are great fun especially when they get you into the action. 

The food is just ok. So, go in with low expectations. :) The quantities are large and pretty good, just not great. Dessert was my favorite part of the meal. Definitely a treat. It's pretty expensive, so definitely a special occasion type place.
This place is outstanding. The decor and entertainment of the restaurant is amazing. This is a great date place or good for a group, they have a few small tables as well as large ones for groups. This is a great place to start your night off at when you really wanna make the most of it. I can't wait to go back! It is on the expensive side but from my point of view your getting entertainment as well as a great meal!
you must go here! amazing food, music, environment and not to mention the amazing  bellydancers zhana and aradia they have hookah tuesdays and ladies are free i believe 10-11 on drinks. good deal.
I'm a local, been there a few times and always had a great time...and, everyone I know who's been there had a great time...foods actually pretty good.
Absolutely Amazing!!!! This was my 1st time @ a Moroccan Restaurant & I wasn't disappointed - 6 courses of food & you would think that you wouldn't have enough room to eat each course, but the serving time is spaced out & the food is surprisingly light. Excellent food & the belly dancing was too much fun, watched the pro do her thing & then we danced too - my sisters & I were here for a couple of hrs. & would've stayed longer that's how much we all enjoyed it. I would definitely come back the next time I'm visiting Vegas & recommend to anyone that enjoys good food & ambiance - truly a unique, dining experience!
The owner, Tariq, contacted me and profusely apologized on what happened.   He was very kind and completely gave me refund for my dinner.  

I've upgraded to 5 stars for him making such a great effort in trying to make it right.  

If you're tired of buffets and want a fun evening with good food and entertainment, come to this place.  Portions are large and leave room for the dessert!!  

Don't be shy, get up and dance with the belly dancer!!  My mom did!
What is a visit to Las Vegas without visiting Marrakech!?!  Its always our #1 to-do.  Their food is outstanding, the decor is plush and cozy, the lighting is low, and the belly dancers and music are stellar!  We love the rose water hand washing before the meal. It is an extraordinary start to an extraordinary eating experience.  We have been there for both romantic dinners for two, as well as fun family dining with the kids.  The food is brought out one course after another...huge family style portions of the most amazing culinary delights.  The service is perfection and the location is only 2 minutes off the strip (kiddie-corner to the Hard Rock Hotel).  Every cab driver knows exactly where this place is.  Its a Vegas must!
Marrakech is THE ultimate date spot, great for a gathering of friends you haven't seen in awhile, or simply a spectacular experience! I have been going here for years and have enjoyed excellent food and fantastic service every time. 

The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and I love the low tables and cushion-like seating. The servers are all warm and timely in refilling wine and water while juggling all the courses of delish food and the belly dancers are always wonderful too! Bring some cash to tip the dancer and be prepared for her to teach you a move or two!

The food is absolutely amazing and you cannot beat the price anywhere in town! Course after course is beautifully presented to the table and everything tastes amazing! I cannot pick a favorite course so make sure that you arrive with a big appetite. 

Overall this place is a gem that I tell friends, family, and tourists alike that they MUST go!!!
No doubt my experience here may have been a little skewed because my friends are tight with the owner, Tariq, but I absolutely loved this place.  What a great combination of tourist attraction, good food and good service.  The inside of the restaurant is really like being inside of the genie bottle on I Dream of Jeanie. 

The amount of food you get with the six course dinner is incredible.

Course #1 - Shrimp Scampi - So lemony and buttery.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  Maybe my favorite course.  

Course #2 - A hummus platter of pickled carrots, olives, pita bread.  The hummus had a great flavor.  Loved it. 

Course # 3 - Some type of hot tomato soup.  This was the only course I didn't enjoy.

Course #4 - Beef skewers.  They're presented in a pineapple, more for show than anything, but this course was so good!

Course #5 - Chicken with couscous.  Enjoyed this.

Course # 6 - Dessert.  I don't know how else to describe it.  By this point I was seeing stars from all the food.  I remember it was a warm pastry with fruit and nuts and a half ton of powdered sugar.  

All for $40 a person!  Admittedly, I have little to no experience with belly dancers, but I thought both of the dancers we saw were great.  This place was entertaining and far exceeds Tournament of Kings in terms of entertainment and quality of the food.   

I plan to go back and bring out-of-towners because Marrakech is such a unique experience.
I don't have much experience with Moroccan food but it is often mentioned in Las Vegas that if you want to try Moroccan cuisine, the best place to go is Marrakesh. The restaurant is close to the Las Vegas strip and in the same plaza as the infamous Spanish tappas restaurant, Firefly.

The inside of the restaurant is decorated elaborately and feels like a real life set of Aladdin. If half of a restaurant is made by its ambiance, then Marrakesh has it nailed. After you are seated around a circular table, a service staff member comes by with a bowl and a pot of rose scented water, and you are asked to cleanse your hands.

The two items worth noting were the Moroccan style shrimp scampi which comes out as the first course and the beef brochette which comes out on skewers (essentially a kabob) planted in a pineapple. The Moroccan bread which is served like a bread basket throughout the entire dining experience was actually one of the highlights.

The lemon herb chicken accompanied with cous cous as the main course was actually a bit of a disappointment. The cous cous seemed bland and the chicken equally under seasoned. The dessert, which was amazing on the first bite, seeemed disastrously sweet on the second, and almost inedible by the third.  

Another part of the dining experience at Marrakesh was the live belly dancing show and the loud Moraccan music that is piped overhead. While the show and the music was enjoyable at first. It became more of a nuisance to anyone that was trying to have a conversation over dinner. This isn't a restaurant you would take a friend you want to catch up with.

This restaurant seems ideal for partying with a large group. The food was decent, and the atmosphere enjoyable the first 30 minutes. I'm not sure if the entire dinner was worth the 40 dollars. Service was timely and impeccable.
I don't get the hype. High priced, average food, and atmosphere. The part time belly dancer/part time stripper was a nice touch.
Went to Marrakech this evening with some friends.  Arrived on the early side, around 6:30p.   Ambiance was fun--1001 Arabian nights stuff.  Food was middle of the road--not bad--just not particularly unique or flavorful.  Service was very attentive/good.  The belly dancer provided some decent  entertainment, although it was a little weird watching a 5 year old boy tucking dollar bills in belly dancer's skirt at his parents' insistence.  Actually, perhaps it was a sort of training ritual               to prepare hims for his future trips to Vegas.
One word - so funandamazing! Ok, I dont think that's really one word, but when you find a great place to eat and be entertained, you make some exceptions.   My military unit was staying nearbye this restaurant and a frequent visitor (new guy in the unit) wouldnt shut up about this place.  After finally being convinced to try the place, I soon found out the reason why he was so enthusiastic.

First of all they have a six course meal and it IS delicious.  From the start all the way til the end the food was delicious.  The very first dish was the shrimp scampi - this dish was the best shrimp scampi dish i've ever  had.  One word of advice, you have to try the bread and dip into the savory shrimp scampi sauce.  The next dish was the lentil soup.  I've only had a few bowls of this stuff, but the way this place makes it, it comes out very lemony and tasty.  The steak skewer was perfectly grilled and the rest of the meal was great. 

To finish it off, the tea that they give you was the perfect way to end it. Who would have ever thought that an extremley hot, sweet tea would be a nice way to end a meal.  Thanks to my friend who was so insistent on going here.  I've now found a place I must head to every time to vegas.  You can have your buffets, but this place rocks and I will now be a frequent customer every time I head to vegas.

ps - the belly dancer is amazing too ; )  best i've ever seen!
Great restaurant.  Husband & I were visiting Las Vegas, had never had Moroccan food, so we decided to give this a try.

We had NO idea what to expect, so we were seated & sat around like goons for a minute (despite the fact that the restaurant has a big placard right inside the front door describing what to expect).  

As mentioned in most reviews, this is a prix fixe menu (about $40 a person) serving six courses.  No menu necessary.  

Everything was very good.  The highlight was the 'salad' (really more of an appetizer plate, but described on the menu as salad, and served as the third course), with beets, carrots, hummus, tzatziki, and olives.  Loved it.  The steak skewers were also fabulous.  The chicken and couscous was pretty bland, but by that time, we were so stuffed with great food that we could forgive this.

Also worth note - the dessert.  Holy cow.  I'm not a big fan of dessert, but this was amazing...a huge plate of something similar to baklava.  Lots of phyllo dough with walnuts, honey, some type of fruit (pear?  apple?) and baked.  And lots of it!  Yyeeaahh!!!

Service was good...they just kept bringing the food.  My husband thought the belly dancer was great & wished that she had performed more than once in the hour & a half that she was there.

I'm a fan!
Fun experience with friends (we are all locals). Ambiance was nice , dancers were fun to watch, food was good, service was good. Only con: we had a Groupon and made a reservation for 2. Later we told friends about Marrakesh and they thought it would be nice to join us . At the restaurant they asked to use the 15% Yelp discount but were denied because we had the Groupon. Seemed unfair since they came along only because we recommended it. In any event, a nice time and good food.
WHAT A DINNING EXPERIENCE!!

I was greeted by a hostess right outside the door.  As I took a few steps passed the door, I had to step through another doorway with hanging curtains-- then, I was transported to what seems like a magical far-away place (I had never experience anything like this before!!) The decor and setting of the place was outstanding! I felt like I was in an authentic Moroccan tent with draping fabrics on the ceilings; hookahs in the corners; low-leveled seatings and tables; dim lightings with lit candles; beautifully printed fabrics and carpets covered every space of the walls. 

This place has a prixe fixe  6 course menu--  $39.96 per person. My favorite was the Beef Brochette (Kabob). It was super (SUPER) juicy, tender and...definitely grilled to perfection! Be sure to dip them into the  two dips from the sampler's plate. The overall dining experience was  3.5/5. Not every dish was a hit nor was it a miss for me. It was definitely fun trying new things.

The belly dancers were amazing. It was mesmerizing to watch and entertaining at the same time. The music was thumping non-stop!!  

If you're all about experiencing new things and want to be transported out of Las Vegas for a few hours, definitely come check this place out. Be sure to mention that you came across this place on Yelp to get your 15% off from your entire bill. Reservation is required.
Marrakech is an excellent venue if you're looking for a set price, great for large groups and adds that extra spice with it's authentic Moroccan decor. 

It's as if you're transported directly to Morocco as the host leads you through the draped red velvet curtains into the restaurant. Fabric as far as the eye can see, cozy couches, plush benches and intimate little seating areas serve as this restaurant's dining space. It feels as though you've stepped into a Moroccan themed living room. 

Side note: The ladies restroom is almost as big as my apartment (ha), complete with table and chair (as if sitting on the toilet is not relaxing enough, perhaps a waiting area for potential "drop off"? Ha ha, not sure). 

Upon arrival, your server may or may not see the urgency in taking your order right away, I've had two sets of experiences with the staff there. Once you place your beverage order, the feeding frenzy commences! 

The food is a 6 course set menu with a vegetarian option (in which I thoroughly enjoyed). First you will have to cleanse your hands in a table side experience where the server pours rose water over all hands dining at the table (not sure how "clean" rose water actually gets your hands, but they smell delightful after wards!). 

Shrimp scampi (or garlic mushrooms), soup, bread, bread, and more bread. Kabobs, chicken with veggies and what I like to call Moroccan "rice/pasta", cous cous, and some powdered sugar drenched pastry for desert accompanied by a super SWEET tea. 

All in all the experience is fantastic, hot belly dancers, great variety of Moroccan music, decent service, and tasty eats. 

Bring a date or bring a group, the set menu and fixed price definitely is a plus. (Cash a bond or liquidate your assets for the drink menu though.. yikes!)
POSITIVES:

Great Service  - Our server, Ali, made this a top notch experience.  He was pleasant, charming, attentive, quick, and very accommodating.  

Good Food - Some of the 7 items were hits and some were miss, but overall the meal was satisfying.  The shrimp seemed a bit overcooked, it was almost rubbery.  The soup that followed was like canned soup.  Everything that followed was good, especially the kabob which was flavorful and tender.  There was so much food that by the 6th plate, I was so full that I could barely put a dent in the chicken or dessert.  Thankfully they let you take leftover food home.  

Ambiance - The restaurant itself is very cozy and ethnic looking, at least that's what it's going for.  I've never been to Morocco so I don't know how authentic it all is, but they did a good job in making the customer feel like they've left Vegas and entered a Moroccan lounge. 

Talented belly dancers - they come out once every hour and a half and dance for 10 minutes.  

NEGATIVES: 

Lack of menu options

Shrimp tasted like rubber

Soup tasted like canned soup

CONCLUSION:

If it were my restaurant, I'd replace the shrimp scampi plate with something else, get rid of the soup, and maybe throw some more options in the menu that allow the customer to have more variety.  The current 7 course meal is fine for the first time customer, but I don't see how this business would attract repeat customers using the same foods.
Angel:  4 Stars: Very intimate and sensual atmosphere. We were greeted by a typical male Las Vegas nightclub host; seeing that we were dining at a venue that promotes itself as an authentic Moroccan restaurant, I found him to be quite out of place. Upon entering Marrakech we found ourselves submerged into a relaxing, and tantalizing ambiance. If you select the basic option you are given three courses, including a dessert. I had a glass of Amazir red, a Moroccan wine, that paired nicely with my meal. This is definitely a delightful place for couples and groups. They had really gorgeous belly dancers who were very "skilled" at their profession, Lol. But make sure that if you are brave enough to shake it with these ladies that you have "CASH AT HAND" and tip accordingly :o)

Before you are served your hands are cleaned in a cute sort of ritualistic manner. Eating with your hands enhances the overall experience. If you are an average size lady, the portions may be a little big for you. However, I found myself falling in love more and more with every bite. The dessert was too much, but the overall meal kept my taste buds very excited. The servers weren't the most talkative, but I'm not sure if that was a cultural thing and that's just how Moroccan food is presented? Its also very easy to lose track of time, which makes this a great mini escape from Vegas without leaving Vegas.


Alex: 4 stars. I've never had authentic Moroccan food, so I'm unqualified to compare. All I can say is that I was thoroughly impressed with the taste. Very flavorful and well-prepared. We ordered the three-dish meal for $25 each (a solid deal) which came with cooked veggies and dip, chicken with couscous, and dessert. I had no complaints whatsoever about the food. The dancers were great, and made sure to keep the entire restaurant engaged; bring cash for tips to show your appreciation for their talent. The atmosphere is extremely laid back. Dance with the dancers, laugh, drink, be merry. I guess what keeps it from being a true 5-star for me is two things: First, though I love the belly-dancing music, between shows it slips into cheesy Vegas techno and kills the beautiful atmosphere they've created with the interior design and lighting. Second is the Welcome-Factor of the waiters. There is none. It's kind of a "done yet?" feeling.

Take friends, take in the atmosphere, and enjoy the delicious food...you don't wanna miss this place!
Tacky and Unrefined....but I'm not talking about Chicken Wings...


This Moroccan restaurant has figured out a working business model.  They use the lack of other Moroccan restaurants in the area, plus belly dancers, plus interesting decor, all to distract customers from the sub par food and poor service.  

We did the 6 course tasting menu for $40.  Much of the food tasted like it was sitting out at a buffet, and some unhappy waiter just brought it to our table.  For the money that you will spend here, you can actually go to a good buffet, even though you may have to get the food yourself.  

The mint tea at the end of the meal was heavenly.  It was soothing, and left a very pleasant taste on my palette, which helped distract from the other flavors that were there prior.  


If you're looking for dinner and a show, get some Teppenyaki.  If you want mediocre food while eating in what feels like a magic lamp, I guess you found the right place.  

There is nothing magical about this lamp, and no genie either.  You've been warned.
This place is fun if you want something a little different. My ex-boyfriend took me here on date night. Is dark, quiet, romantic, and the belly dancers are a fun nice touch for entertainment. The food is good, and you do leave full, the portions are pretty good. 

The only downfall is that we had a less than enthused with his job waiter :( He had dark hair and was heavy set, a real grump. If you see a shorter chubby bear approaching your table with a look on his face as if you just interrupted him during a bowel movement then you are screwed. 

The overall experience. ambiance was a fun different type of thing.
Service and food mediocre at best.

It was $100 tab for two of us for the two pre-fix meals and two sodas.
I've gone to Marrakech for years, and it's usually a good experience, but on my last visit (with a Groupon), everything seemed to have gone downhill.

I think we got the same chunky Cuban waiter Nikki H. mentioned below. He was incredibly unpleasant, forgot to wash our hands until it was time for dessert, and he repeatedly forgot out drinks. It was an adventure just trying to get a water.

The time before last, I was here with a large party, and the same chunky guy scolded my stepmom for saying she doesn't eat beef, after he asked if anyone has any dietary restrictions. Whatever.

The food was the same as always, with the shrimp scampi being my favorite part, but they seemed to be trying to rush us out of there while taking good care of everyone else. My husband even participated in the bellydancing and tipped the girls well, but we were still treated like dirt.

Overall, the food is okay, but I'd prefer a REAL Moroccan place where I can get some chicken bastilla. Service was awful; bellydancers are the best in town. On Marrakech's Facebook, they act like they are so excited to have their Groupon customers, but that definitely wasn't the case when we went. I won't be buying the Groupon that's currently on sale, and I doubt I'll even be back unless someone important insists on having a party there. Really crappy experience after I built it up to my friends!
This place was pretty awesome. Came here last year during my trip to Vegas with a friend. Got a groupon for it so the price was reasonable and the experience was great. Each course was excellent, the atmosphere was good and the staff friendly. Not sure if I'd come back again since it's kind of a static experience, but it was definitely worth it.
My man took me here for my birthday dinner...I was the dirty 30 plus 1. I had been dying to try this place because he told me it was fun and the food was good. As Christine H. put it so well...you step through the curtains and feel like you are being transported to a magical place. It was beautiful. 
We sat down at were handed a bar menu and a couple of towels. We were told that we going to have a rose water hand bath. It was lovely and made my hands smell like a perfume my favorite great aunt used to wear before she passed. Brought back nice memories and was definitely a different way to start dinner. The server took our drink order and asked us if we had any food allergies. After we said no he told us the first of six courses would be out soon. 

1st course: Shrimp scampi...did I forget to mention that the first 4 courses are meant to be eaten with your hands...pretty cool :) It was so yummy...garlic and citrus jumped out. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and made me excited for the rest of the meal

2nd course: Hummus, babaganush, pickled cukes, beets anld carrots. Loved both the dips although I must say I preferred the hummus.

3rd course: some form of lentil soup that was super hot and tasted kind of boring at first but then started to grow on you. I ended up pounding it because it was so good. 

4th course: Beef skewers that were served sticking out of a pineapple. You must use the bread given at the beginning of the meal to get it off the skewer otherwise you will burn your hands. The meat was cooked just to my liking and the onions had a delicious caramelized flavor.

5th course: We got a fork for this one. Chicken on the bone and couscous. The chicken was so moist and the couscous had a chicken-y flavor. I was getting kinda full  by this course so I don't think I could fully appreciate it.

6th course: DESSERT! A Moroccan pastry with cinnamon, chocolate, cream and bananas. It was light and flaky but I could only have a few bites. 

Overall I will be back again for a special occasion. It wasn't that expensive ($90 before tip for 2 people in this town is pretty reasonable for a nice night out) but it would get old if you went all the time. The belly dancers were awesome, fun and something I don't see everyday. I enjoyed my birthday dinner immensely. Thank you Marrakech :)
Great experience, bad service. It was beautiful inside along with the belly dancers. They serve a pre fixed six course meal at $40 per person, drinks were $10-14 a pop. The waiter was so unattentive, many times no where to be seen and two hours later we were only on our third course. We left bored out of our minds and out of cash from all the belly dancers shaking their hips for tips. I would definately recommend this place for a large group where you have plenty of conversation between many people. Average wait for each meal was 30 minutes or more. Food was decent, unfortunately a lot of it was wasted, but it was all about the experience.
We first discovered Marrakech when my dance troupe attended the Belly Dance Intensive a few years ago. Every year we've gone to Vegas we've gone to Marrakech because it's such an awesome place to go to with a bunch of friends.
The minute you walk in the door you're transported to another part of the world; the low tables, dim lighting, variety of benches and poufs, Moroccan lanterns. The ambience is amazing.
The food is superb...and there's a lot of it... even 8 of us couldn't finish it all off. The servers give you plenty of time between the different courses so you can sit and chat and enjoy the fabulous dancers (and yes, the dancers ARE fabulous-- their technique is perfect). 
I've only been here with a large group, but looking around this would be the perfect romantic date spot. 
I'll also say that the mint tea at the end of the meal is superb. I'm not a huge tea drinker and I mostly dislike mint, but somehow I love this tea.
Not for me.  I was here for a large birthday party and did not enjoy the food.  The atmosphere is fun as it is unusual and the belly dancers create a unique experience.  Have not been back to dine again.
I had heard of Marrakech and been wanting to go there for about a year already. My Birthday finally came around and i thought what better way to celebrate it then at Marrakech!!! Oh how wrong i was!

 the food was bland and really nothing exciting might of even tasted like something thrown together in 15 min. My  waiter made it an even worst experience ever. Making some racial Comments is so uncalled for and how very unprofessional. He was a more heavy set guy who is Cuban i believe. 

The food was being rushed.  the shrimp scampi was removed from my table when i had literally put the last shrimp in my mouth then i sipped my lentil soup when the Zalook and Hummus appeared. i dipped in maybe twice when the kabbobs and cous cous was already there and my humus was gone...before i new it everything was wrapped in a box to go all i needed was for someone to tell me ,DONT LET THE DOOR HIT YOUR BUT !!

 I will never go here again. One time for me is all it takes. It seems like it has great reviews from many pple but from what i see this place does have a problem with the customer service part. Tip to Waiter Keep the racial comments to your self Buddy. I will be telling all my friends about this place and what bad experience i had . i give Marrakech A BIG THUMBS DOWN!!!!
My family has been coming to Marrakech in Vegas for as long as I can remember. So, when I saw a groupon for it we snatched that baby up and booked a reservation for July 4th weekend, during our recent trip to Vegas. The coupon helped tremendously, since there were 7 of us and this place is a tad on the expensive side, but for all you get, it is surely worth the price. 

Based on the food alone I would probably rate this restaurant 3 stars, but who goes here JUST for the food - no one. The experience is well worth the price and even though the food isn't the BEST I've ever had, it is pretty good. Stand outs for me are the shrimp appetizer with bread, which is so good. Soaking up that buttery, garlicky sauce with fresh bread is excellent. I love the hummus and pickled carrots. The soup is OK (I would cut this course out if I could). The beef kabobs are the BOMB! They are so well cooked and extra yummy. The chicken is moist, and the cous cous is good, but nothing special. The dessert was different this past time than it previously was. I liked how it used to be - nuts and chicken- this time it was bananas and chocolate and I'm allergic to bananas and I didn't know they were in there, so that was a bummer. 

The belly dancing MAKES this place. It's fun, and I love seeing my Husband get pulled up to dance with the girls. Cracks me up every time. I would say go to Marrakech for the experience at least once when you are in Vegas. It's off the strip, but well worth going... you'll have some funny trying something different and unique!
Went for the second time the other night. Still enjoy the atmosphere and most of the courses are pretty good. I like the scampi course and the beef kabobs best. Would absolutely be a 4 star review if we had not been served a subpar bottle of wine. We ordered a bottle of Moroccan wine for $35. Reasonable price. Well, the waiter did not pour a taste for my husband. As soon as we sipped it we knew why - it tasted bad, like grape juice. I waved a waiter down and said as much but was told that is how it was supposed to taste. Paying for gross wine that we didn't even finish left a bad taste in my mouth. Not sure I'll return.
2 stars only because there was a belly dancer. Both of the dancers we saw were really good.

As for the food:

My tastebuds were more excited during free lunch in the employee dining room today. I felt like the first four courses could be procured at my local albertsons and cooked in fifteen minutes on my stove. Dessert was some banana with sugar? on sugar? and a extra layer of sugar on top.

The final shot of tea tasted like Starbucks black tea with honey.

At 40 bucks a pop normally, i felt that it is seriously overpriced. Thank god for groupon.
Food was great and lots of it! Belly dancing was a nice extra. Good service. The only dish we had issues with was the chicken plate, it was very bland and was the only dish that we didn't have seconds of.
Went to this place while visiting Las Vegas. I went with a friend that has never been to an Arab place. It was not far from the hotel. We went on a Saturday night. We had the fixed price menu.. The shrimp was to die for. Succulent, lemony- perfect! The bread was good. The lentil soup- I have tasted better. The cous cous... not so outstanding cause it was a little mushy! Their appetizer plate was really fresh. Their hummus, baba ghanoush and beets were delish.  Service was pretty good. They took pics for us which was really nice of them.. 

The belly dancers were pretty good. I got up and danced after the first dancer pointed for me to join her on the dance floor. I can belly dance pretty well. She must have felt that I started to steal the attention from her since a few people seemed to like my dancing- so of course.. she turns her back to me and keeps dancing by a group of other customers. She needs to make her living. So it's No big deal obviously. I still danced a little more and my friend took pics. This place is overpriced- but the place makes up for it with the service and the atmosphere. Oh I forgot my credit card there and the waiter ran to give it to me. That was very kind of him. It's a good place to check out.. however, it's Vegas and there are so many yummy places to try out.. Like the buffets for example!
The atmosphere in this restaurant is truly authentic. The experience is a once in a lifetime opportunity. The food was great. The dancer was amazing. The wait staff friendly. The music divine. The owner amiable. Everything was perfect here. My only complaint would be the price which without a Groupon would be much to pricy to frequent too often. Go here for the experience of a lifetime
The minute you walk in it's like you've stepped into a tent in the middle of the dessert. Which, I guess, is kind of true. Anyway, we had Opentable reservations (definitely try and make reservations because the restaurant is small and they are often sold out completely for the evening) and a Groupon. We opted for the six course meal (we had fasted in preparation) but still could not eat all of it. While it's not commonly advertised, they do a smaller prix fix and an a la cart menu as well, so if you're not prepared for the six courses, ask or they probably won't tell you about it. The inside of the restaurant is amazing and beautiful; it really makes the ambiance fun and probably even makes the food taste better (not that it needs to, it's wonderful too). Every course was great even though we couldn't eat all of it and they do have utensils too, thankfully. The dancers were fun to watch and they weren't too pushy in getting people to dance (usually the drunk or bald guys would get picked on). The music when the dancers weren't present was at a great volume for talking. My friend and I had a great time, it was a wonderful experience and a lot of fun.
Let's just say that we were extremely satisfied when we left the restaurant (fat and happy!).  
I got a groupon deal for a 6-course dinner (which I actually had no idea that's what the deal was....I wouldn't have eaten all day if I knew that!).  I cannot say enough about how amazing their food was.  The shrimp was awesome, with tons of garlic and other yumminess, the soup was so-so, the beef was SO tender (thought it was lamb, apparently so do a lot of people), the hummus was the best hummus I have EVER had (the other stuff on the plate was good too, but I liked the hummus the best), the chicken was very tasty, but by the time that and the dessert came out, I could not eat a THING!!  I was floored by how much food there was and how amazing it was.  I didn't really need the glass of wine I ordered (nor the dessert; I wasn't a fan of it).
The overall experience was awesome and the wait staff was great.  The belly dancers were fun to watch (I tipped one of them). :)
I would go back if I ever visit Vegas again.  I need a few years off though....
My first impression about this place walking in is wow, definitely not what I expected. It's a very lounge like place. The food is wonderful and you eat with your hands; however, one of the dish you get they give you a fork. I'm pretty sure it be difficult eating rice with your fingers, lol. The kabab is to die for esp when dipped in their hummus. The chicken cuts through like butter. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was their dessert at the end. It was a pastry stuffed with the fruits & nuts, topped with the heaps of powdered sugar and cinnamon. Not a fan of the fruit part.
Very expensive with no choices.
I've been here 6 times now. Come whenever I'm in Vegas. Food is excellent. The belly dancers are fun and music thumping. The steak skewers are tremendous - perfectly seasoned. I'm a life-long customer.
Marz' review rang a bell with me.  We also, purchases a groupon, and we tried to get reservations.  This meant we had to eat very late.  But I assumed that they had been filled up by groupon members.  No problem.  The reservations were two weeks out!

Then, that evening, I was delayed in an out of town airport.  I called three hours prior to the reservation time to explain our reason for cancellation.  I asked to make new reservations but was told to call at another time! 

I then get a note from Open Table, the site you must reserve through, that I was listed as a "no show" and I was at risk of not being able to use open table again!  

Needless to say, I was dismayed.  

Then, I tried again to get reservations but they were so far out, I couldn't seem to book them on line so we decided to walk in.  In fact, I tried to get 5:30 reservations for Oct 3, but the site said there were none for that day.

We walked in at 6 pm and were asked how many.  We indicated two, and my husband noted we have a groupon.  The gentleman then said, "We don't have availability tonight."

Now, we were there 1/2 AFTER the time we wanted, and there was only ONE table with two people seated at it utilized.  The restaurant was EMPTY.  But they had no availability for us at 5:30, and none when we walked in.

Obviously, they want to space out their groupon customers.  Well, I asked for a refund.  And I will never go back.  I'd love to review the food, but since I haven't been in a few years...I really can't.  I never got to try it.  Beware Marrakesh groupons!

Thank goodness, Yolies, upstairs from Marrakesh, had a place for us.  We were able to eat to our heart's delight and had EXCELLENT service. They were quite full, but still found a quiet table to serve us!
While attending a company convention  we ventured off strip to see what goes on in LV with the locals.  The taxi ride was only about $12 from the Paris Hotel and took about 10 minutes.

The decor of MMR is very original and makes you feel like you are in a large tent in North Africa.  Everyone was very friendly, the reservation was on time and the food servers were on it.  The six course meal was very taste and fun to eat.

Not forgetting about the entertainment now...the belly dancers were lots of fun and very inviting.  We thoroughly enjoyed them as the moved around the tent like room.

The whole experience lasted about two hours and was really great.  We did not stay for the hookah pipes but next time we will do that too.

Go to MMR, you'll love it!
Preliminary reviews...very nice atmosphere! The food was good as well. After wasing your hands in their rose water once you're going to want to do it on a regular basis and take a bath in it. The food portions were small but you will leave there stuffed. Stay away on Friday eveninings after 7 to avoid the crowds at Fireflys next door.
Marrakech was amazing!  We had always wanted to try this place out, and we finally were able to last night and it did not disappoint.  This is one of the most intimate and fun dining experiences I have ever had.  Every course of the Prixe Fixe menu was amazing and the service was wonderful.
Yes, I am a huge fan of this place. Been there a few times and plan on going again. However, I was pretty disappointed in the response the server and bus boy had in DUMPING an entire bowl of soup all over two out of three people in our party. They destroyed my friends beige suede pumps and my boyfriend had what looked like puke all down his pants and shoes. It was pretty disastrous and their response was "I'm sorry, here's a towel". Kind of odd but then I realized two of us had a groupon so I'm sure they figured all was good since we got a deal. Bad form on their part but like I said I love that place still. The food is amazing and it's a really fun place. Watch out for that clumsy bus boy though....
The BF and I had a little date night planned. Dinner show with Moroccan food and gyrating booties! 

*Lentil soup & bread- the bread was good and the soup was nicely spiced. 
*Shrimp scampi- I don't see how this belongs in a Moroccan place, but as far as scampi goes it was alright. 
*Hummus & Zaaluk- hummus was alright, but the zaaluk (eggplant dip) was tasty. They gave us beets, olives, vinegared cucumbers and carrot sticks to dip.
* Beef Kebob- this was pretty decent, slightly salty. 
* Chicken (Djaj) platter- chicken was juicy and thrown on cabbage and cous cous. This was okay, it wasn't really an exciting dish to make as the main. I have had some real Moroccan tagines before and they are full of flavor and was expecting something more exotically spiced. This was more like what I would make in a tagine at home if I didn't have a lot of fragrant spices on hand (which I always do!)
* B'Stilla- from the description on the menu it sounded like a baklava with fruits in it. What we ended up getting was a puff pastry with chocolate, nuts and banana. It was not was expecting, but decent. It was very heavy with powdered sugar on it though. 
*Mint Tea- this was really nice, lightly sweetened. Wish they gave you a whole pot and not just a cup of this hot tea. 

On a plus, food came out piping hot! 

To drink throughout the meal we got Iced Mint Tea which is the same kind as what they were serving us with dessert. It's good iced as well as warm. It was $5 though! I think they do that to get you to be even with those drinking. C'mon now though, tea is cheap to make. 

Service was attentive and really good. I like how they wash your hands in rose water and my hands smelled nice throughout the night. I picture our music room looking like this place eventually. 

We came rather late so there weren't many parties there dining. The belly dancer was really cute and very good at what she does. I think since it was a small group we only got a short show (maybe 15 minutes of dancing) and sat around eating dinner with music and was hoping they come out in intervals but she was never to be seen again. Is it like that during packed times or are there dancers constantly out? If its the latter then we kinda got screwed out of a show then just because it wasn't a packed house. We're still customers. It's probably a different experience when there's a ton of groups participating. 

I had a groupon so it covered some of the cost. Still even with that I am not sure about the value of dinner and a show.  It's expensive for what you get. The dinner for two would end up to be $118 regularly (2 meals, tip for belly dancer and waiter), $58 with groupon.

I'm glad we tried it and had the groupon, but I think it was a one time experience. I just feel like for $58 I rather have gone to AYCE sushi and for $118 then I would go to the strip and get ourselves a $40 taster so we get  a gourmet meal. For a dinner show- I rather go next door to teppanyaki.
I absolutely enjoyed my dinner here on a Saturday evening, thank you Marrakech for having a groupon deal.

Our servers were very attentive.  Based on the prior reviews, I was a bit hesitant but glad I decided to see for myself.

The food was delicious.
1st-Moroccan Style Shrimp Scampi: love the lemon wine garlic sauce.  We were dipping the moroccan bread pieces into this flavorful sauce that I had to keep reminding myself not to overdo it since there are 5 more courses to come.  The shrimps were small but cooked perfectly.

2nd-Harira Soup:  this was really good!  I can gulp down 2 bowls of this lentil soup!

3rd-Marrakech Sampler: hummus, eggplant/tomato dip, olives, cucumbers, beets and carrots.  Nothing special

4th-Beef Brochette:  a skewer of tender beef, very tender and has good flavor.  I was pretty full at this point so I ate one chunk and the rest was eaten by my bf.

5th-Chicken couscous (Morrocan Style): The chicken was tender over couscous.  An extra bowl of gravy was brought out in case we wanted more gravy on our dish.  We tasted some of this dish and ask for it to go.  So So full.

6th-B'stilla and hot Morrocan mint tea:  Oh wow, this fluffy pastry, wrapped with filo dough was so yummy with the mint tea.  I wonder if I can just come and have the fluffy pastry and mint tea...that would be awesome.  Anywho, the fluffy pasty was filled with chocolate and almonds, topped with more almonds, powdered sugar and cinnamon.  So good.

The bellydancers were great.  However, since we enjoy our conversation with each other, the music can be a tad bit loud.  

Conclusion:  I probably wouldn't pay $40 dinner for one.  It was a great dinner and experience but not for that price.  Therefore, I am a fan when there is such a deal.
The ONLY reason they get two stars is the fact that the belly dancers were  amazing and the dessert at the end.  When the waiters came around with rosewater for your hands, I thought that was a great touch.  The atmosphere is nice, the dinnerware is surprisingly bland and Kohl's Department Store sale rack-ish.  The food was extra blah with no seasoning or spice.  Thought we rolled in on diabetic night.  Well, we won't be back and the food was too expensive for how it tasted.  The mint tea was excellent, though
Disappointed. Been wanting to try this place for years, so when the groupon came up & thought it would be perfect to try it out. Upon entering, we were seated in an old room that may have been cool back in the 90's but not so much anymore. The first course was shrimp scampi, not bad but not impressive. Second course was the bowl of soup that tasted like progresso, then the hummus platter that was ok. Then the steak skewers that weren't bad but again not anything great. Lastly the chicken & cous cous. This isn't Moroccan food. 

The other strange thing was the belly dancer was Asian, aren't we at a Moroccan restaurant? Don't get me wrong, she was good. 

For 4 people to dine, with the $65 off for the groupon it still was $102. I'm sorry but it definitely was not worth it. Way better Mediterranean food at Paymons. Lastly the service was lacking, I sat for 20 minutes with an empty water glass, and the place was not busy. Save your $ go somewhere else.

Fake Moroccan restaurant. Owners are Lebanese.
Dining at Marrakech has become a tradition of my friends' annual trip to Vegas and I was delighted to be able to join them this year. The restaurant is located off strip so prepared to take a cab. 

Yes, the dining room is one large room and fairly small compared to other Vegas restaurants, but I liked the ambiance, finding that it lent to the intimacy of the experience. Guests are seated on couches at low tables. Be prepared to eat with your hands (they do provide rose water for cleansing before dining.) 

I enjoyed almost all of the food during the six courses served: warm bread, shrimp, soup, steak kabobs, chicken and rice, and a banana & chocolate souffle-type pastry. While the food wasn't mind-blowing, I did enjoy it. 

Belly dancing is dispersed throughout the evening. The women will encourage others to get up and dance with them. I was too shy, but one of my friends got up and had a great time. 

Overall I'm looking forward to returning again should I make it to Vegas next year.
Yes it's not cheap but about forty-five per person, you'll be very content with the off-the-Strip feeling of this restaurant. 

I organized a bachelor's party dinner here and everybody was happy. The dancers could shake, and my tummy was happy.

Even though I was full, I couldn't stop eating the dessert; a flaky nutella-like chocolate, banana filled concoction that rocked my tongue's world.

And after dinner, move your BP to the cigar bar in the same plaza!!
My husband and I went to Marrakech a couple weeks a go during our short trip in Vegas and it was definitely a highlight of our weekend! The service was great and everything came out pretty fast. The place has a beautiful ambiance and definitely makes you feel like you are having a cultural experience. Most importantly the food was AMAZING!! It was also one of the cheapest meals we had in Vegas. In such an expensive city, it was nice to have a great meal experience that was affordable. You don't want to leave Vegas without checking out this spot!
We have gone to this restaurant on two of our Vegas trips.  It is a very short drive from the strip and well worth it.  The Moroccan experience at Marrakech is just as good as the food.  The belly dancer was awesome.  She encouraged my wife to get up and shake her booty.

The food is awesome as well.  I like not having to worrying about ordering they just keep bringing the food.  The service is top notch, glass of water always full, never have to ask for more bread and the next course comes just as you wash down the prior course with your beverage.

The place isn't cheap and I got the impression that the menu doesn't change much so I'm not sure if this is a good place to go to more than once a month.  The groups we saw there were having an AWESOME time.  Lots of locals here, this is a good place to go if you want to get off the strip.

There isn't any good Moroccan in San Diego so when SoCal residents drive to Vegas, dine at a place off the strip once and enjoy the entire experience of dinning at a Moroccan Restaurant
This was a pretty cool dining experience.  

As we were planning our trip to Sin City, I perused Groupon and found this great deal.  The BFF's agreed, and the Groupon was bought.

The dining room is wrapped in a cloth and decorated in traditional Moroccan style.  The feel is like you are in a warm happy place.  You sit on low benches, or little stools...so ladies, I might bypass the short dresses here.  Unless you are not shy,  The servers were great, taking us in nearly an hour before our reservation time.  we thought there would be a bar we could sit at, but there was not.

With the Groupon, we had the 6 course meal, which was DELICIOUS!!  Every course that came out was made to perfection and in just the right proportions.  My favorites were the shrimp and lemon garlic sauce.  The bread dipped in the drippings were scrumptious.  And the Beef Kabobs were perfect.  For a nice touch, with desert came a delicious mint tea that just ended the meal on the right note.

The Belly dancer was pretty cool.  She was amazing, and everyone had a great time!  She moved through the room gracefully, and encouraged people to get up and dance with here.  The music they played was perfect, and just loud enough where you felt like you wanted to get up and dance, but could still carry on a conversation with your friends.

Cab fare from the strip, and back, was about $30 total.

It is a pricey place if you don't have the Groupon.  I am not sure I would have come if I had to pay the full price for 4 people.  But I am glad we made it in...I have not seen anything like this place in all of my dining outs.
This is place was a nice break from the strip, we used a Groupon that was basically a 2-4-1 on their Prix Fixe dinner, ordered also a bottle of red wine and enjoyed everything about the place: service, entertainment, food and ambiance.
The best out of all the food was the beef skewer and the dessert, simply amazing.
I would go back if the deal came back, full price? Maybe not, not because of anything negative with the place it's just that Vegas has too many places to try. But I do recommend.
I brought my in-laws here for dinner. It was their very first time at a Moroccan restaurant. I could see their hesitation in coming as they are very accustomed to eating Chinese food every day. Low and behold-it was a GREAT experience. The belly dancer was beautiful and had great moves. She was the only one tonight, but captivated everyone in the room.

As for the food, I wish it was better. I honestly was a bit disappointed in the food. It's not my first time at a Moroccan restaurant and in the past have always been pleased with all the food. This time, however, was different. Although the food was good, it was nothing spectacular (it's my first time at this restaurant).

Ranking for good to bad (or not so great)-

Shrimp Scampi
Soup
Beef Kebab
B'Stilla
Hummus & Eggplant Dip
Chicken Couscous (where's the flavor? Forget to add salt?)

Not sure if I'd come back here. Perhaps that's just me comparing my previous experiences at other restaurants and this night. For those who haven't ever been to a Moroccan restaurant, it's definitely worth a go, as I believe everyone should try everything at least once. If you don't like it, then don't go back.

Check out my pics!
http://what2eatz.blogspot.com/2011/12/las-vegas-marrakech-moroccan-restaurant.html
Had dinner there with our family the Wed night before Thanksgiving.  We felt bad for making a late reservation (8:45pm), but when we called they assured us it was no problem.  They were very accommodating as we had a late addition for a party of 9.

The waiters were nice.  Service was good.  The mojito wasn't that great, but the wine was good and reasonably priced.  

I've never had Moroccan before, but love Mediterranean food, so was optimistic.  The food at Marrakech was great.  We did the prefix and everything as really good.  Started with a soup, then hummus plate, then shrimp, a chicken dish, and desert.  There was way more food than needed, but they were nice about letting us take the leftovers home so as not to go to waste.  

They also had a belly dancer, which was pretty cool.  Although it was a bit uncomfortable as we didn't really know what the etiquette is for tipping.  We gave her a few singles, and she seems to appreciate it.  So hope we did the right thing.  

With food, wine, and tip it came out to be about $70 per person, which I think is reasonable.   Overall I'd definitely recommend Marrakech.  Good food and experience.
I came here yesterday with a guest, and while the service was great, the food wasn't as awesome as I would have hoped. The portion sizes were great. I just felt that the main dish (chicken and couscous) were not as flavorful as I would have hoped. 

Also, the dancers were only out about half of the time we were there. It would have been nice if there was entertainment the whole time.
This was definitely a fun and different dining experience. It wasn't the best atmosphere to catch up with friends since the music was so loud, but it was exciting and exotic. Every hour or so a belly dancer would come out and dance around the room which was fun. 

The restaurant itself is pretty small. The room was lined with small little table and stools. So I wouldn't really recommend it for very large groups. 

Food: We had to order their 6 course dinner and the only substitue we could have made was for vegetarian options. We had a party of 6 ppl and 4 portions was more than enough food to feed all of us. So pretty much you ate what they brought out and didn't have much choice, but luckily the food was pretty good. I would have to say that all the food was very flavorful and very fresh.

Overall: the dinners were a little pricey. I would say about $60 per couple. But the food was pretty memorable and scrumpous. 
Environment: a little too loud for my liking, but music and entertainment was nice.
I made a yelp account just to write this restaurant a review. If I could give them ZERO stars I would! My parents were going to Vegas for the first time to celebrate their 25th anniversary, and this is the first time they have gone on a trip together with just the two of them (having 4 kids makes it difficult for them to get away!) 

Well, I saw the great reviews for this restaurant and a groupon deal so I bought it as a gift for them. They showed up to the restaurant and the RUDE lady at the front told them that since they didn't have a reservation, they can't eat there, and that if they wanted to eat there they would have to come back ANOTHER DAY and that there were other restaurants in the area and that they should try something else. WHAT THE F WORD!??? My poor parents, who are not used to taking cabs (we live in the suburbs) asked if they could help call them a cab, and they said yeah we'll call someone but you're going to have to wait outside. THEY WOULDN'T EVEN LET MY PARENTS WAIT INSIDE FOR A CAB!! It's December, winter, and I double checked the website and did not see mandatory reservation required anywhere!!!! While they waited outside for 45 mins, people walking by looked and stared and no cab ever came. My dad had to go hail a cab outside in the main streets for them.

They decided to go to this restaurant on a weds night at 6:30, and were rudely turned away and after cabbing here from their hotel, had to cab back. My mom said she has never felt so lowly, degraded, and embarrassed before from this awful customer service and it was a horrible way to end their 25th anniversary. Really Marrakech... no room on a WEDNESDAY night to fit in 2 people?! And asking them to leave your restaurant? I will be writing the owner a letter. SO DISAPPOINTED!
This place was amazing! The atmosphere was nostalgic for those of you that like to travel! As soon as you enter the door it is as if you are walking into another country. The room is set up like you are in a tent with beautiful colors and decorations. The food was great! Everything that  they brought out was rich in flavor and design. There was also a belly dancer that engaged with the customers. It is a must for the bucket list of places to eat in Las Vegas!
What a strange evening. 

We took advantage of the 6 course meal. The first four dishes were amazing. They came out quickly and were quite tasty.  We had totally overlooked the fact that our waiter never smiled and had no personality.  We were having a great time. 

The meal started with some fresh baked bread.  The bread was great, even better when dipped into the fourth course, the hummus.  Naturally when the waiter came over to clear the hummus we told him to leave it. There was plenty of bread and hummus left for dipping. 

We were having a very nice time, laughing and enjoying the belly dancing. Then we started to notice that the food stopped coming.  It had been 20 minutes since the waiter stopped by. We joked: "maybe we should have let him take the hummus!". 

10 more minutes passed as we tried to get the waiter's attention. We finally decided to chug our waters so the water boy would come over. "He could get us our waiter," we thought...

We had now been waiting 40 minutes for the chicken to come.  The water boy came over almost immediatly as we finished chugging. We asked if he knew if our chicken was ever coming...He told us he'd go find out.

Shortly thereafter the waiter came over and said "oh, are you done with this?" referring to the hummus. We really would have continued to dip, but feared we would never see the chicken if we did. We let it go and a few moments later we got our bland chicken. 

The moral of the story: DON'T KEEP THE HUMMUS!
We spent the New Year's 2012 eve there. It WAS a unique dining experience alright - nevermore, thank you. Not fun. Not tasty. Disappointing in every respect.  
My husband is Moroccan. Naturally I had high expectations for the place knowing the taste of Moroccan cuisine. Trust me, the taste of dishes could not have been more disappointing. How can you guys call yourself Moroccan restaurant when you cook the cous-cous without the basic ingredients?!?! The cous-cous we had was cooked without pumpkin, potato and chickpeas!! Only cabbage. Well, some slices of carrots, too. While It's the Traditional Moroccan dish! Unbelievable... 
Now for the dessert. Bastilla filed with chocolate and banana? Where did you get that recipe? It's a BAD mix of Moroccan and American tastes, if this is whet you were attempting to recreate. Hardly eatable... 
Now for the famous mint tea. We were not served that at all. Guess, they have decided that free champagne is a good substitute. Well, it was not. By the way, from the color of tea we saw being poured to a couple from another table, we can assume that it is not the best-tasting Moroccan tea either.     
As for the entertainment, the dancing lady was lovely! BUT if we had entered the restaurant 10 minutes later - we would have missed her completely. And that was the ONLY entertainment offered for the New Year's eve. Don't even want to mention the music screaming as loudly as it only could from the speakers above our ears. And it was some stupid pop songs, not even a hint to oriental tunes!! Or was it a special offer due to the New Year's eve? Another bad idea, gentlemen.  
The entourage is shocking at first as everyone are sitting in front of each other, in one large hall. But you get used to it, so OK for a change.  
All in all, we could NOT have been more disappointed by the restaurant. It by no means cost $140. The only reason why I asked the waited to pack the remains of our food to-go, was cuz I wanted to give the bastilla and the cous-cous another chance by eating them at home. It did not help...
Got my Group-on tonight @ Marrakech and it was worth every dime! It was a set menu and there was not one dish that came out that did not satisfy our tastebuds.The shrimp scampi was better than some Italian places in town. The entertainers were very good. Scantily dressed women belly dancing while you eat..NICE!! Loves the decor, it was like eating i a big tent. I will be returning soon..
I got the groupon. The food was great. I was way full and satisfied. The dancers were fun. The waiter was rude but I could overlook that because everything else was perfect.
4.5 stars really. 

I bought a $39 Groupon for this place which gave me a 6 course meal for 2. Reservations are highly recommended as this place is small and they get pretty busy. I loved how this place was covered in a tent. It really completed the experience. It was pretty warm inside too. 

After you are seated, someone comes by to help wash your hands because you'll be eating with your hands here. Hope you don't mind sharing cooties with your dinner guests! The 6 course meal includes:

Moroccan Style Shrimp Scampi - Sauteed in lemon, wine and garlic 
It was a little difficult eating this with our hands because the shrimp was pretty hot. Quite delicious though! Very garlic flavored.

Harira Soup - Lentil, rice lemon and spices 
The bf didn't like this very much because it was on the slightly spicy side. I thought it was pretty good. I'm not a big fan of lentils but this was ok.

Marrakech Sampler - Hummus (Garbanzo/Tahini Dip)/Zaluk (Eggplant/Tomato Dip)/Moroccan style olives, cucumbers, beets & carrots 
This was my favorite dish! I love their hummus, very very fresh. The carrots were soooo tasty. What did they do to it?! More please!

Beef Brochette (Kabob) - Tender beef marinated & grilled to perfection 
Definitely grilled to perfection here! Yum, I wish they gave more though. We only got to kabob sticks. Goes great with the hummus too.

Royal moroccan Couscous Platter with Djaj (Chicken) - Served the traditional way, with heaps of assorted vegetables including butternut squash & cabbage 
This is the main course. Here you get a fork to eat with. I don't know how they seasoned the chicken but it was lovely. 

B'Stilla - classic Moroccan pastry stuffed with the fruits & nuts, topped with the heaps of powdered sugar, cinnamon and served with traditional mint tea 
This dessert is very sweet. I feel they put way too much powdered sugar on top. Too much for even 2 people to finish. We took this to go. Be warned, it get soggy quick. 

The belly dancer was very good. She encouraged people to dance with her and you can take pictures with her too. Also don't forget to tip her!
Loved it, had a great time!

The ambiance and the belly dancing were wonderful.

The food was great too. 

Definitely a fun place to spend an evening.
Go for the whole experience, and bring someone worthy of sharing it with you.  The food is very good - but the atmosphere is one of a kind.

  I've been to Marrakech twice now, not many restaurants have blown me away on first impression the way this place has.  You won't forget your first time here.  The second time, the magic wasn't quite there, however still good, so maybe its a place to go once for a date, but not necessarily often or repeatedly, especially considering the food selection is planned for you and it's always the same.

  FOOD:  The 6 course meal includes a shrimp scampi, a kind of lentil soup, a sampler including humus, dips, olives, and veggies, beef kabobs, a chicken platter, a Moroccan dessert, and hot tea to drink. (There is also an option for vegetarians)
  All of the food was pretty solid, the shrimp, beef, and humus sampler were my favorites, all 4/5's.  And although the food will not disappoint you, what's going on around you is where Marrakech really kills it...

  ATMOSPHERE:  It looks like you're eating in a tent, sitting on low comfortable couch seats, with interesting wall hangings around you, and loud middle-eastern music playing.  Warm, refreshing towels are  used to wash your hands.  A beautiful belly-dancer comes out and really puts on a show.  She made my date blush because we were trying to tip her but she wouldn't stop gyrating her hips, so she couldn't get the bills in her waste band.  Silverware is optional but they recommend you use your grubby little digits to feed your face.

  BOTTOM LINE:  The place is crazy authentic.  Admittedly I've never been to Morocco, so I wouldn't know.  Okay, so I've never eaten at another Moroccan restaurant.  Whatever.  The point is that this is what I would think is totally authentic, and it was really really really cool.  I recommend it highly to anyone out there who hasn't yet made this trip, you are totally missing out on a very unique and entertaining experience.

  NOTES:  On one occasion the owner was there and was genuinely concerned about what we thought.  It turned out we both grew up in NJ, so I totally Facebook added him.  He seems to check in there often.  Super, super nice guy.
  Also, as others have mentioned, there are Groupon discounts available from time to time, so grab that bad boy up if you see it selling.

5 out of 5 stars
I usually don't like writing reviews for places that already have a ton of reviews....unless it was just a horrible, horrible experience. But Yelp won't stop putting it in the corner of my home screen because I made a reservation through the link they provided. So, here we go. 

This place was a lot better than I expected. I've always heard it was a cool place with belly dancers, and of course, guys love it. I appreciate good dancers, but I always found it awkward when I'm eating my food for a girl to come up and shake her body around me. I actually got up and danced with her...the powerful influence of beer. Only one, might I add. Yes, I'm a lightweight. 

This is the course dinner they give you. 

-Lentil Soup & Bread - I normally do not like lentil soup, but theirs was made very well. 
-Shrimp Scampi - I don't know if this is really a Moroccan dish, but it was amazing.
-Hummus & Zaaluk- Both were okay, they give you pickled veggies to dip in it. 
-Beef Kabob - the meat was good, but not very tender. I wanted to eat the pineapple it  was served with more than the beef.
-Chicken Platter - It was served on top of cous cous and cabbage. The cous cous was my favorite part. The chicken was very tender and seemed stewed for quite some time. It reminded me a lot of Filipino adobo. I enjoyed this dish. 
-B'Stilla - this was a crisp pastry filled with the same ingredients as baklava. It was okay for me. I'm not very big into Baklava because I hate nuts in general.
- Mint Tea - They give you an entire pot of this hot tea. 

I think the service is good and you should usually come with a group of people. A lot of people like this place, and I can see why just for the atmosphere. It is good food, and they are quick to serve you. It is a lot of food, so go hungry. The prices are a little too much in my opinion, but this is close to the strip. It's hard to find a good deal with food that's worth the price they're charging. *ALWAYS make a reservation*
This is a quiet little gem on Paradise. I've been to its neighbor ,Firefly, a bazillion times and always wondered what lingered to the south. Now I know and this will be a must for out of town guests.

Bellydancers while binging on beef kabobs? Why not?

One of the most pleasant surprises involves rose water. The other tea.
I've frequented this establishment a few times and let me tell you, it's absolutely amazing. I love love love the food. I'm totally hooked!! I am actually going again this friday. Crazy, huh? No! I am just in love with great food. My awesome friend, Jennifer The Great, bought a couple of groupons and shared them with me, and ever since then, I've been in love with this place. I'd never tried Moroccan food, this was my first time, and I'm so glad she introduced us. The service is exceptional to say the least. The staff is so friendly and genuine. I love the dim lighting, the atmosphere, and of course, the entertainment. I would recommend this place to anyone. PS The shrimp is the die for!!!!!
This is an amazing restaurant. From the ambiance to the service, from the food to dancing - it truly has it all. I recommend both locals and tourist make this a "must-see." You wont be disappointed. 
After washing your hands in warm rose water, prepare to dive into a five course meal that will tantalize your senses. And if you have a chance in between bites, make sure you take notice of the beautiful belly dancers that perform throughout the night. You may even find yourself performing right along with them! 
Its truly a great time for the whole family. I am SO glad I found this place.
4 stars for the food and ambience, 3 stars for the service.

We were seated after 15 minutes of just standing there and the waiters ignoring us, when we had a reservation and there were plenty of available seats.

When we were finally seated, we waited another 20 minutes for a waiter to give us some water and bread. We came all the way from OC for this restaurant and you want us to just sit here forever?

The food finally arrives, and man, it was all good. Especially eating with your hands. And eating delicious food with your hands. I most especially love the beef kabobs. They were the most tender pieces of meat I have ever sunk my teeth into. It was like biting into a dream. Lol. I thought they were the main course! But there's more food! We were full by then and had to run to watch a show on the strip so we had to go... Regrettably. If not for the show, we would have stayed to keep watching the lovely and amazing belly dancer, and maybe tried some hookah. Or just lounge there and enjoy the ambiance and the dessert. 

We wish we could've been served better, though. We have a Groupon deal for four but they would only serve us food for two. It's like paying regular price when we could have taken the other food home and wallowed in the dreaminess of the tender beef. It was unfair! Just because our friends couldn't make it. And they made us wait forever. Anyway, I had a lot of fun an it was definitely a good experience. :)
Most of the food was neither Moroccan nor particularly tasty. This was a complete waste of time, money and diet calories. What a tourist trap!

Cons
- $40 for this food was way too expensive. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind spending money. But, this was unjustified given the quality
- Water to wash  your hands with was cold
- Course 1: Moroccan style shrimp scampi - this wasn't bad. But, if I wanted a dish that tasted like any other shrimp scampi, I would've gone to Olive Garden
- Course 2: Harira: tastes exactly like Indian lentil soup. The Moroccan version has less tomato and more lemon, not to mention less spice
- Course 3: Marrakech sampler - The hummous and the Zaluk tasted like they came from grocery stores. The Olives, cucumbers, beets & carrots are clearly canned
- Dessert: tasted like banana nutella crepes. It was hard not to snort all the powdered sugar
- Couscous: wasn't bad, but didn't even have the basic moroccan flavors you'd see at decent moroccan places
- Wine: nothing much to write home about. Overpriced though.


Pros
- Kabobs were good
- Ambience and belly dancer were a saving grace
Let me just preface this review by stating why I'm giving it only three stars.  Our waiter told one of girls in our party to "shhshhh".  Totally rude because the response was unwarranted.  I understand that Middle Eastern/Persian/Moroccan people have a different culture, especially towards women but, we're in Vegas damn it.  And when you are a server working for tips, you are not to be dismissive.  There were other things during the course of our six course meal that he did/responded to in less than attractive/rude ways.  It's ashamed because the other bus boys/hand washers were polite and diligent.  

We start off the cocktails, who would've guessed? LOL!  Liqour-wise they're stocked but, wine-wise it's pretty much all house.  

One of the highlights of the night was the hand washing.  A guy came out with a kettle of warm rose water to cleanse our hands.  Loved it!  My hands were so soft afterwards.

Shortly after, the first course comes out.  Shrimp, looked like shrimp scampi.  I don't eat stuff that has lived in the water, yuck.  Squiggly goo, blah.  Everyone else seemed to like it though.  

Next was the harira or, lentil soup.  AOK.  Definitely a tomato/vegetable based broth. Not too spicy, not too bland, just okay.  

Third course, Hummers and eggs.  More like hummus, eggplant dip, fresh vegetables, and fresh bread.  The hummus was okay.  The eggplant dip, okay.  It sort of had a bitter salsa taste to it, quite unique.  The bread was good and soothed the bitterness from the dip.  I don't eat veggies, LOL.

"Where's the beef?"  Guess what, beef skewers were our fourth course.  I bet you weren't anticipating that.  For presentation purposes, the skewers were stabbed into a fresh pineapple and had about four or five large bites of beef (assuming sirloin) on them.  They were tender, juicy, smokey, and were really good. 

Cockadoodle Doo was our fifth course.  This was pretty good as well.  Not good enough to go back to Marrakech but, good enough to order it from another Moroccan restaurant.  I could tell the chicken was either slowly stewed or slow cooked in a juicy sauce for many hours.  To get the flavor they attained, the chicken was obviously bone-in.  So beware when chewing because it's dark in there.  This dish also came with couscous.  The couscous tasted as though it was simmered in chicken broth (yum) and had a near perfect texture.

Course number sex. jdofa;je;wajfewioj! Six.  I don't know what the heck you call the dessert bread they served but it had fruits, nuts, and lots of powdered sugar on top.  Tasty but we were all so full by then.  Along with the dessert came the my second favorite thing of the night.  The mint tea.  It looked like battery acid but, it had this heavenly scent and flavor.  I need to find out how to make this and where to buy the ingredients!!!!  I could drink this battery acid-looking stuff everyday!

Hey guys and some girls, there's belly dancers that shake what their momma gave them there nightly.  

As mentioned previously, it's dark in there (remember the cockadoodle doo course).  In fact, when you walk through the front doors you immediately walk through large red drapes and, from there it feels like you are magically transformed into something Aladdin may have dined at back in his day.  The restaurant as a whole, is small for Vegas standards, though the dining room is one large room--predominantly red, with appropriate Moroccan decor.  Tables are very low to the ground and replicate a Moroccan dining experience.  With that, don't expect to have a lot of privacy from other parties.

This was a new experience for most of our party.  It was fun but, our waiter was rude.  Hopefully, you don't get him.  Otherwise, foodwise, ambiance, entertainment, and price I would've rated it four stars.  Our prix fixe meal was a mere $40ish per person.
Food, service, atmosphere......all fabulous!
I've been driving by this place for years, and after a Groupon popped up offering two-for-one on the Six-Course Prix Fixe menu, I knew it was time to give it a go!

Walking into the restaurant was a surprise itself! This place is located in a strip mall off of Paradise, nothing too exciting...yet the interior is absolutely beautiful. Decorations cover the walls, low tables are in the room, fabric drapes from the ceiling with lanterns dangling as well. The room is lit very dimly as well...this is an ideal place for a date, albeit a costly one.

The night started with a Moroccan hand-washing ceremony, where the server poured a jug of rose water over Dana and I's hands. It was a neat little touch, and the water left our hands smelling great and feeling clean :)

I'll list the courses in order and talk about each...

1) Sauteed Mushrooms w/ Wine, Oil and Garlic Sauce - We opted to substitute this for the Shrimp Scampi as Dana and I don't eat shrimp. The sauce was tasty, although super garlic-ey. Dana thought the mushrooms weren't cooked enough, and to be fair, they didn't look like they had been sauteed at all. We used an entire loaf of the sesame bread they give you at the table just eating the garlic sauce.

2) Harira Soup - This soup was excellent, and tasted more or less like Tomato soup. It had a nice flavor and was served extremely hot.

3) Marrakech Sampler - This plate included Hummus, Zaaluck (Tomato/Eggplant dip), Olives and Carrots. Neither of us like Hummus, so we skipped out, but I thought the Zaaluck was extremely tasty. Dana thought the marinated carrots were alright, but neither of us found the olives very tasty.

4) Beef Brochette - This dish consisted of two beef kabobs that were stabbed into the side of a pineapple. The meat was extremely tasty and included some roasted onions and peppers. I had thought the meat would be much more seasoned and found it somewhat less tasteful than I would have liked, but it was still wonderful.

5) Couscous Platter w/ Chicken - This dish was a pretty big platter and included some cabbage and other veggies mixed in with the Couscous and Chicken. They also gave us an extra container full of chicken broth to add to our food for more flavor. The chicken was amazing. It feel right off of the bone and nearly melted in our mouths. The couscous was cooked perfectly and even the cabbage tasted great as the flavor of the dish overall rubbed into it. 

6) B'Stilla - This was the dessert item, and neither Dana or myself particularly enjoyed it. It's a pastry stuffed with fruits and nuts and topped with powdered sugar and cinnamon. The mint tea that came with it was AWESOME though.

I also must say that this restaurant has great entertainment in the belly dancing. I've seen many belly dancers, and normally they're not particularly attractive, but the one at Marrakech is gorgeous AND very talented. She had people getting up and dancing with her in the middle of the restaurant, which made for much laughter. 

Overall, this place is worth at least one visit. I wouldn't have gone before simply because $40 per person is a little more than I'd be willing to pay for this. The atmosphere is truly incomparable and the service was wonderful.
This place is awesome. The ambience, the food, the service was all really great. Barely waited to get seated. 

We got the prix fixe as part of a Groupon. Would definitely recommend and think it's worth the normal price as well. Everything we had was pretty good, especially the meat dishes. The only thing I didnt think was THAT great was the soup. 

I was a bit upset that we didnt get the mint tea in the end, but other than that, I would definitely come again.
I absolutely love this place! I have been coming here since I was about 10 years old. The owner is awesome and attractive:). The ambience is great, and the food is traditional and always delicious. The food is a little pricy, but for a six course meal, belly dancers, and one of the only Moroccan restaurants I know of, I think it's pretty reasonable. If you decide to eat here, you must have an open mind. You eat Moroccan style with your hands, the seats are low to the ground, and the restaurant is designed to look like a tent upon entering. The cornish game hen (not chicken as it has been referred to in numerous posts) is one of the best dishes. However, it is the 5th course, so make sure you leave enough room to try it!
TERRIBLE service policies. If you have a groupon, I would get your money back from groupon & purchase something else. I've had terrible experiences on 2 occasions(i walked out the first time and was forced to go the 2nd time)simply because management wants to be difficult. Rather than satisfying and building a loyal customer, they would rather screw their customers out of their money.  I guess it makes sense since I imagine no right minded person would go back a 2nd time, so they may as well get what they can on your first visit. Charging a party of 3 the price of a party of 4 makes no sense. At min. I should have received the 4th meal to go or been served posrtions for 4 people...not just get robbed of $43. If your not going to follow your fine print on Gift certs, then you shouldn't have it. 

The food was just Okay... I have definitely had better like food for a the same price or even less. 

I absolutely will not go back to this place. They are not accommodating whatsoever and apparently on the verge of shutting down if they are so desperate for an extra $43 dollars that they are willing to not obey their own policies and sacrifice the customer experience.
A girlfriend of mine took me here for my Birthday.  I'm so glad she did.  The seven course meal was excellent. The atmosphere was great and so was the belly dancer!
Came here with a few friends last night for the start to a bachelor party.  I'd wanted to check it out for a while because of the belly.... I mean the favorable food reviews that it gets here on Yelp and for the promise of hips, er, dips, skewers of meat, and bread that I'd read about here.  

First things first, we were greeted warmly upon entry and seated.  The seating structure took me by surprise a little as we were right next to another group that seemed a little too close for my usual standards of comfort.  In a restaurant the further I'm seated away from the next table generally the better I feel.  Anti social behavior FTW!  Luckily another friend took the spot closest to the next table, and I breathed a sigh of relief.  The handwashing ceremony was nice, even though my friends and I made fools of ourselves trying to figure out exactly how to participate.

We each decided to try some different specialty cocktails from the menu during the meal, and personally I found them too sweet for the most part and therefore disappointing.  At $10 a pop I expected a little more out of them, but I should have known to just stick with what I tend to like.  That's what I get for being adventurous in my libations  

We each did the 6 course prix fixe meal.  The following is the 130th recap of all 6 of those that exists here:

1)  Shrimp Scampi - I liked this a lot.  The shrimp tasted fresh and there were plenty to be shared between all of us.   Accompanying it was a huge plate of fresh bread that tasted great dipped in the Scampi sauce or with the shrimp on it

2)  Lentil soup - Decent, nothing I would order again a la carte.  It was tomato based which is not normally my preference

3)  Hummus and eggplant dip - I love hummus and this wasn't my favorite I've had by any means but I enjoyed it still.   I dont really like veggies so I'm disregarding that there were some on this plate

4)  MEAT ON A STICK.  Beef skewers sticking out of a pineapple.   I don't have to get it to know that these were delicious.   For the 4th plate in a row, bread was not spared and in fact we asked for a 2nd plate of it to be brought out during this.   Moral of story:  bread goes with damn near everything in life

5)  Chicken with couscous.   I liked this more than the rest of my party I think.  I tend to like anything that consists of a grain like substance mixed in with various meat and veggies.  I also got a giant chunk of chicken skin in with one of the bites which would have only been more delicious if it was fried.  Bread used with this?   You betcha.

Prior to the 6th plate being brought out, we got some hot tea that they pour from like 3 stories up high into a small cup.   Showoffs.   Once it cooled down, I thought it was very nice.

6)  Some chocolate/banana pastry dish.   I rarely order dessert on my own, but when it's placed in front of me I'm like a moth to a flame.   Tastes exactly as it sounds, which is a good thing.   No bread used for the first time in the night.

I shouldn't eat carbs again for a month.

When it was all said and done, I enjoyed the meal a lot.   I didn't dislike any of the six dishes and highly enjoyed 4 of the 6 plus the tea and bread.

Service was fine, though there was a weird moment in the beginning when the waiter asked if we had any allergies, and I told him I was lactose intolerant.  I'm not sure if his face expressed more confusion or annoyance but I believe he made a comment to the effect of "We don't use lactose"   My entire party thought this was what he said, which I just found completely bizarre, and I'd bet the Scampi and dessert both had some sort of butter or milk involved in the preparation.   I brought lactaid so it wasnt a big deal, but I guess I didn't really understand the interaction.  Nothing worth docking any stars.

I'd be remiss to not mention the dancers, both of whom I thought were very entertaining and not intrusive if you didn't want them to be.  Unless you're a stick in the mud it'd be hard to not enjoy yourself here on at least that level of watching them interact with the crowd.  

Great experience overall.
This restaurant is in a strip mall and much smaller than their photos depict.  The decor is worn but gives you the feeling you are at an intimate party in a Moroccan tent.  

The food tasted amazing.  My very picky boyfriend even like most of the dishes.  Very exotic dishes and atmosphere.  Worth the trip off the strip.
I've celebrated many birthdays (mine and family members') here and I've never had a bad experience with the food or service.  Good food (6-course meal for a reasonable price) and belly dancing, what more could you ask for?

I love the interior - it's like you're in a tent.  So cozy.  Your dinner starts by washing your hands in fragrant rose water.  From the prix fixe menu you get shrimp scampi with bread, harira soup (lentil), hummus with veggies and olives, beef kabobs,  cornish hen with couscous and b'stilla with mint tea.

They have about 3 belly dancers per night.  The best one is the brunette with long wavy hair (Aradia is her name) - she's the one on their business card and she can do things with her belly I did not imagine could be possible!  She can make beads hanging from her outfit on her upper stomach shake/vibrate.  And I'm like, "how'd you do that???"

I recommend making reservations as they tend to get pretty busy especially on weekends.  Be prepared to belly dance.  If you're really tall, your back and knees might hurt as seats are pretty low.  Get ready for a fun night!
This review is beyond overdue, but I wanted to write it anyway. This is an AMAZING place. My husband and I got married in Vegas, and this is where we had our reception. The price was more than reasonable for what we got. In addition, Ali did some extra things for us when it came to getting some specific beers etc. If we did it all over again, I would have done the reception exactly as it was. We have wonderful memories of our special day!

I truly hope we get back here again. I also recommend anyone looking into this wonderful place for a reception or a party. You really can't go wrong!!
simply amazing! there's no other way to describe it!
The staff including the belly dancers were very friendly. Food was very tasty. We had originally drove to the Japanese place next door but the cool Arabian atmosphere won us over.
I was just here last night for my best friend's rather tame bachelor party. We made a pretty late reservation. Everyone had amazing service from everyone at the restaurant. The belly dancer was very good.  She interacted with everyone at the table.  We didn't even realize that she accepted tips at first, she still performed for us even though we were the only ones left in the restaurant. The waiters we very cool and friendly.  One of them had a few tricks up his sleeves when tea was served. 

Now as for the food. Amazing, for both the vegetarians and meat eaters alike! I've been craving everything all day. Maybe I'll return with my wife very soon.
I organized a group of 21 people for a Night Circus-themed birthday party. The reservation process was a cinch, and the entire staff (but especially Abdul) were incredibly patient with our highly disorganized group. 

The setting itself is warm and felt very intimate--it was like we had the place to ourselves, even though we were a small fraction of the actual space. The dancers were good and all too happy to let us dance with them. The noise level was not too loud for us to talk freely. 

They accommodated a range of dietary needs (vegetarians, gluten-free, etc) with grace, and called us 5 cabs when we were ready to go. I would definitely recommend Marrakech for a large group and/or festive event. I looked at a LOT of places before deciding on Marrakech, and it's a decision I'd happily make again!
Wonderfully Old-School where they wash your hands with rosewater and everything is served family-style in 6 courses with bread and your fingers as the primary utensils for the first 4.  Everything was really good but the pickled carrots, shrimp, baba ganoush, hummus, and the desert were real standouts.  The belly dancer really WAS a belly dancer!  She had a great energy about her and was a lot of fun.  The music was a TOTAL trip:  traditional middle eastern music sung in Arabic AND French, with reggae sung in French as well.  (O.K. The reggae in French was damned strange to listen to but it speaks to the various colonial cultural influences that shaped Morocco over the last 100+ years.)  They open up the Hookah bar at 10 PM so that is always an option after dinner as well.  When I come back in a few months with my wife this will be one of the must-go places for us.

WARNING:  The Prix Fixe menu is really meant for AT LEAST 2 people.  It was only $39.95 but would have fed 2 VERY hungry people easily!  I only managed to eat 4/6 dishes by myself last night and then had the last 2 for breakfast this morning!  ;-P
Highly recommend this place. Intimate, exotic, with good food and great service. They took care of our 19 person group with grace and aplomb, despite our musical chairs-like mingling and special dietary needs. Family style food was generous in portions and really good. It's ambiance is warm and romantic without being cloying or claustrophobic. The belly dancers add great entertainment and atmosphere and are never obnoxious or in the way of conversation and enjoyment of the evening. Great for big groups or small.
The food, service and entertainment were all great here. The seating is very uncomfortable but it is all part of the atmosphere. I think this place was a great deal too at 40.00 each.
Wow. As I perused the reviews of this place, I was surprised to see so many 4 and 5 star reviews. While I really liked the ambience of the place (reminds me of Babouch in San Pedro, CA), the food was just average. I can say this because, yes, I've been to Morocco and had authentic food (cooked at a home, not a restaurant).

For what we paid per person--some 50.00 w/o alcohol--the place is seriously overpriced. Although you do get several courses, the main dishes (chicken, cous cous) are not properly seasoned and the chicken is not the best quality cut. Probably the best part of the meal was the dessert, which was way too big for three people. 

The bellydancers were fine. We tipped and even got a friend in a picture. He thought the place was great (he lives in Utah) so I guess if at least one of us was satisfied, the night wasn't a total loss. 

But I would never return here again. If you're looking for an "experience", give it a try. However, if your entourage is particular about food quality, you may want to think twice, especially since they do not serve a la carte (at least the night we were there they didn't).
Every time I'm in Vegas with people who are new, I always want to take them to Marrakech...and for me who is a decidedly indecisive person, a fixed menu is perfect. 

Basics, dimly lit, good for groups (make a reservation...this is good too because there's plenty of food to go around), loud (esp every 30 min when the belly dancing starts up). You will definitely be propositioned at least once during the meal to dance with the belly dancer, and hey! why not? :) You're in Vegas and what happens here stays here right?

I would come here just for the experience, takes about 2 hours. And if not for the experience, for the DESSERT! Gooey, hot amalgamation of bananas, chocolate and slivered almonds wrapped in phyllo dough, baked up to a flaky moon of perfection and covered with a heaping helping of powdered sugar and cocoa powder.

TIP: come hungry, bring friends, don't eat everything that you see since you probably want to save room for the rest of the meal.

Gluten Free: also, came with a friend who was allergic to gluten. They asked at the beginning of the meal and make entirely separate dishes to make it gluten free. That's an automatic plus one star for me. Sadly the dessert I mentioned above was cold and chunky since phyllo dough was out of the question so it was not baked, but otherwise still tasty.
Had a wonderful time there! Will go again.
Bring your appetite!  This was our first time.  We had reservations for four and were promptly seated upon arrival.  No waiting and the place was packed.  Food was very good and plentiful.  Even with four we couldn't finish everything.  The service, however, could be improved.  Our server was very perfunctory.  Just the basics and really didn't say much else.  We advised that one in our party was a vegetarian but they promptly forgot.  When the first meat course came we had to remind them.  Then, when the main course came, they forgot again.  We didn't ask again since our vegetarian was already full.  That being said, we still enjoyed the evening.  We'll go back.  Hopefully the service issue was a one time thing.
Wow!!  Love how there are No menu ..set course Meal...Food Is Great .. Belly Dancers for entertainment. Great for First Date...:) 

Love the ambiance, BUT
Many Many years ago, they had Pillows all Around to sit on or lay back and was very Cozy & Very relax,   but now they have mini chair ; dont like  ..:( 

Over all Great Place!!
A very cool experience!

We had the six course dinner, and although pricey, it was very good. They were extremely careful about my allergy and even brought me my own plate for the salad and bread since the hummus had sesame in it, and the homemade bread had sesame.

Loved the eggplant stuff, whatever it was, and the belly dancers were really fascinating to watch!
We loved the place.  The location is in a strip mall and so you're not sure what it's going to be like.  Parking lot was full so we parked in the back lot.  It's surprisingly close to the strip.  

The food was soooo good.  the Lentil soup was amazing.  It was seasoned so well.  The hummus was just ok but having the fresh cucumber and carrots with it was nice (vs. pita bread).  The shrimp dish was my favorite.  Absolutely delicious.  I could have eaten that all night.  Then the final course, the chicken w/ the couscous was good but shrimp was better.  Ask for the hot sauce.  It's soooo good.  

I had a bite of the dessert which was good and the tea they give you is even better.  I'm normally not a fan of tea but it was really yummy.

For the price of the food and the entertainment and the vibe, I thought it was a wonderful experience.  It's something different from all the fancy steak houses on the strip.  We loved it and I would totally go back.
We had my sister's bachelorette dinner here.  They were very accommodating and made the evening for all the ladies very special.  The prices were reasonable considering you get five course.  Each course was delicious and even the pickiest of palettes in our group enjoyed them.  We really came here for the ambiance.  I mean how can you not like beautiful belly dancers dancing for you.  We had an absolute ball!  I can't wait to go back during my next visit.
This was the "real deal" genuine Moroccan experience. How do I know? Because I went with a Moroccan! He even commented that the MUSIC was authentic. It's really a great experience, very very cool vibe. They have a belly dancer every so often and everything is done "family style" if you choose. They even come around in the beginning and you wash your hands at the table. Great ambiance, great service and great food. I mean, what else can I say?
Wow, I don't know if I ever ranked a place this low. But I feel it is important to note the quality of service and food you'll receive here.

We began our night hoping for a reservation across the parking lot. When they were full we Yelped and found Marrakech right here so we gave it a shot. We were with a large group of 10 and were sat pretty quickly, about 15 minutes which was nice compared to the hour plus wait we left to come here. 

The music was very loud and we requested it to be at a more realistic level so we could talk during their 5-6 course meal. It would have been strange to sit there that long and not be able to talk at all. Every 45 minutes or so they had a belly dancing show with even louder music, which is fine since it's not too often and made for the experience overall.

It took a while (15 to get our initial drinks) where we ordered wines. Even longer yet to receive any food such as apatizers or bread. We acctually had to ask to receive something after another 20 minutes of receiving our drinks. 

The first place received was breads, humus, olives, etc. which was fine and the last quality food brought out. I won't go into the details of each dish to follow only to say for the expense we were not happy at all. 

The wait staff was pleasant but very slow and lacked understanding of the level of sound and need to communicate ones there.

The place is neat looking inside and the concept is fun. Just won't be returning since food and service is too important.
Fun. But needs mire dancers
What a class act!!!  Took a big family group to dinner in March.  The food was great.  Big portions, and good value. The dancers are very talented, and made the nephews in our group blush.  

My bad:  when I got home, I found that I had double tipped them, as I didn't notice (in the dark room) that the gratuity was included in the bill.  I was lazy, and did nothing to follow up with the restaurant.  Just got my visa bill.  They took the double tip off without even being asked.  Wow.  NEVER had that happen before.
Fun place, food is awesome, but the Entertainment is what really amazing!  a must if you're in Vegas!
In town with some Vegas rookies and took them to Marrakech for a starter point for the rest of the night.  As when the last time we were there, it was a good time.  The food was tasty, drinks were Vegas, and the belly dancers rocked! The wife danced, our guest danced, and i belly danced.  Next time I'm taking those tips.
One of the best parts of our trip. We were a party of 8 and were treated like royalty. The food was incredible and the portions were huge.  We are really happy we tried and had a fabulous time.
Decent food, decent service.
We had a fun evening took a 9 year old and 18 year old for their first taste of Moroccan food which they both enjoyed.   The food and service was impeccable and atmosphere very nice.   I have been to  a Moroccan restaurant before and I think the food was a bit more exotic or cultural.  The food was excellent but I think the dinner selections that were chosen were "safe" for people trying Moroccan food for the first time verses authentic.    When I've had Moroccan food previously some of our party found it quite a change for their palettes this time less so,  more mainstream or safe for those picky eaters.   That worked good for the kids.   I would've like a more cultural experience where I felt I was trying something new.  However it was great anyway.
Belly Dancing, is an art and it like any art, it should be practiced by few who have toiled and tormented to perfect the art and more importantly should have the right curves-meaning not too thin, mean or lean. You can find the above description, at the Marrakesh, which has been a fixture on Paradise rd., when other eateries have come and gone at this good central location for both tourists and local alike.

There is nothing more enticing and enjoying than watching beautiful belly dancers and eating lamb kebab under the spell of red wine. This place is not only a sight for sore eyes but a delight for you palate. The best days are Friday and Saturday nights, when the belly dancers are practicing Turkish Navel Manueavers !

As far as I know there is no other Moroccan place in Las Vegas. The  food which is a six course meal is authentic with subtle spicing and the lamb kebabs (kebab is Persian fantasy, that spread to Turkey and the Balkan countries like Greece etc) is just the most delicious perfect morsel of meat  I have ever eaten (the only other place is Mad Greek Cafe on Sahara and Durango)  You are seated in a Moroccan tent on divans, cross legged and relaxed with not a worry in the world .The wine will take you into a state of fantasy of being a Sheek  with your own harem! . 

I like  this place....I really really like this place-if I can borrow  little elation from Sally Fields-at the Oscars.
Who knew they had a traditional style Moroccan restaurant hidden outside the sparkly strips of Vegas?

Welcome to Marrakech.

For just $40 you receive a traditional six course meal that leaves you absolutely stuffed while watching beautiful belly dancers mesmerize you with their vibrating hips. Seriously, what muscles do these girls have that I don't?! Sugar honey iced tea.

So I'm going to give you a disclaimer for the meal that I wish had been there for me to see when I had dined there this Saturday: do NOT have a 6 course meal if you plan on going clubbing later that evening. Just don't do it. Why? Well, after 6 delicious courses you will have no other desire but to curl up into a ball and slip into the inevitable food coma. Nothing else. No really, nothing else. 

That being said, the fare at Marrakech was heavenly. Here's a detailed course by course recap of our FEAST:

1st Course - Moroccan Style Shrimp Scampi (sauteed in lemon, wine and garlic): I could not get enough of this dish. We were given two plates of shrimp for the four of us and it was such a great serving. I could not get enough of the sauce and kept dipping my bread in it to munch on. I knew I  was a goner once half of my loaf was already in my belly at after this course.

2nd Course - Harira Soup (lentil, rice, lemon and spices): I usually dislike lentils but I really enjoyed their version of this dish. The flavor of the lentils did not overpower the other flavors and I really appreciated the tomato-lemon essence. True it was probably 90 something degrees outside but I really did enjoy that hot cup of soup!

3rd Course - Moroccan Sampler (hummus, zaaluk, Moroccan style olives, beets & carrots): Wow that was definitely homemade hummus. Wonderfully fresh with a hint of smokiness. We were given even MORE bread at this point (i.e. warm pita) to mop this up with. The zaaluk (eggplant tomato dip) was to die for as well.

4th Course - Beef Brochette (marinated beef kabobs): Beef skewers served on a whole pineapple. Unfortunately I dropped two pieces of my kabob like a child but I really enjoyed my meat. It was a tad chewy but great seasoning.

**Please note that by this course you should make sure that you have car arrangements figured out once you receive this entree otherwise you might be screwed FYI.**

5th Course - Royal Moroccan Couscous Platter with Chicken (served the traditional way with heaps of vegetables including squash and cabbage): At this point we were totally dying. I think I had 4 bites of this dish and had to call it quits from fear of exploding. The chicken was tender and literally fell off the bone and the couscous were fluffy perfection. Our poor waiter thought we didn't like the food but we reassured him that we did. 

6th Course - B'Stilla (classic pastry filled with bananas, walnuts and chocolate covered with powdered sugar served with Moroccan mint tea): Basically this was a warm, flaky puff pastry filled with all of the above. 

The voluptuous belly dancers entertained us about every half hour during our meal which was a great distraction from our constant noshing.


Overall Marakech was a fantastic and AFFORDABLE dining experience in Las Vegas. Now I will reiterate that the food was great.. but the reason why this restaurant received 5 stars instead of 4 was because the amazing owner drove me and the rest of our party to the Palms after waiting outside his restaurant for an hour for a cab. He took pity on us and offered us the ride since we were sweet (unlike the other see you next Tuesdays that were also outside). What a gentleman! 

Plus, he's hot. Great combo ladies.
We enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere.   The menu was preset and the food was very flavorful and very home made tasting.   The belly dancer was very good and the service was excellent.   I think with the preset menu you may lose some of the ethnicity of the food as it must appeal to everyone.   Overall very good.
We had an awesome time here for our anniversary.  I booked the restaurant about a month ahead of time in order to make sure we could get in.  I had heard from a couple of friends that Marrakech was not to be missed, and they were right.  Marrakech Moroccan Restaurant was everything they had mentioned plus more!

I have never been to Morocco, but I imagine that Marrakech gives a good representation of the cuisine in that country.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated with tapestries, inlaid tables, low to the ground couches, and gorgeous belly dancers!!  They encourage you to eat with your fingers which is the traditional Moroccan way (although silverware is available if requested).  I have absolutely no problem with eating with my hands cause that is the traditional Filipino way also!  Before partaking of the six course meal, they wash your hands with rose water.

The six course meal is the same menu for everyone.  With the exception being a vegetarian menu for those who request it.  All of the courses tasted very good.  Starting from course #1 which was shrimp scampi all the way to course #6 which was the dessert.  The dessert is a Moroccan pastry called b'stilla.  It is a yummy concotion of chocolate, banana, & nuts all inside the pastry.  It was a perfect end to the meal.  

The entertainment was the highlight of the evening at the restaurant.  Those belly dancers are fabulous.  They came out to dance twice during our time there.  Of course, I had to entertain the patrons also.  They had me do my belly dancing with them as well.  I must say that they put me to shame, but I got a loud applause (at least I think the applause was for me).  My wife loved my dancing, and I got to burn off some calories which is always a good thing!!  

I highly recommend that you visit here if you're in Las Vegas.  The location is not far from the Strip.  The ambiance, service, and entertainment are top notch and worth 5 stars.  The six course meal is 4.5 stars and costs $40 per person.  I could not quite give them 5 stars for the food because I'm just not a real big couscous fan.  Although, my wife really enjoyed it.  Our time at Marrakech was truly a memorable and wonderful experience.  

I do have one suggestion, though.  It would be terrific if they would offer a couple of other options for their prixe-fixe menu.  I'd love to taste other Morrocan delicacies on our next visit.  With that being said, just go here and check them out for yourself!  If not for the scrumptious food, then for the beautiful belly dancers!!
Went here for my friends birthday a few months ago . Absolutely love the food , the lentil soup is my favorite
Impressed! Company party so we had the 6-course meal and it was delicious!! 
No utensils and we had a blast!!
Enjoyed the belly dancer and the music set the tone in a good way. 
A must!!
Great food! Excellent value, ambience! Belly dancers are fantastic! More than a dinner, this is a memorable event for anyone who enjoys a relaxing experience!
Fantastic food and cultural experience. Fixed menu limits the frequency of visits, but definitely a place to take out-of-town guests to show them something a little different. I would fully recommend this place to anyone!
A really REALLY unique experience.

The place is $35-$40 per person, preset menu. It's a 7 course menu.

From the outside the building doesn't look like much, but inside, WOW. It's like you're inside a genie lamp

This restaurant is more of a one time type of deal I felt.

I would definitely recommend, but I don't think i'll go back here on a regular basis. To show friends from out of town this is great, but on a regular basis, I just don't know.

That said, everything about the place was great. Food was good, service was great, belly dancers provided some entertainment.

Would definitely recommend!
TL;DR - Overpriced and underspiced.

Cons: Not worth $40 for dinner. Maybe $30, but still pushing it for me.The soup was clearly from a can - tasted like cheap Campbell's vegetable soup to me, no flavor, had that tin taste. Bread was okay, nothing special, clearly purchased from a factory. Everything was underspiced and a little bland, which sucks because one of the things I love (and expect!) about food from this region is the flavor. The red wine I had was good, but not $11/glass good. Maybe $6.

Pros: kebabs were yummy, put a couple drops of lemon juice on them for a different flavor. Can't go wrong with hummus and cucumbers. The shrimp (though a bit tough) had a nice sauce. Dessert was yummy and went well with coffee (they give you mint tea, but ask for the coffee instead). Chicken was pretty good. Large portions, my party of 3 had plenty of food to go around. Decor was lovely and the dancing girls were a crowd pleaser. Service was spot on.

I think this was once a nice restaurant experience with authentic food, but management was losing money or wanted to make more money so they cut corners with the food. Typical, but sad. Marrakesh, make a fresh soup and your own bread. Stop outsourcing. Add a little love and flavor into the food. You're not doing yourselves any favors by Americanizing your menu. Sure, you advertise and get the tourists... but what about the locals like myself who would make it a regular thing if you had better food? Do you want someone to spend money once or many times?

Until they get their kitchen in order and their chef in line, I won't be back.
WOO i dont know from where to start .
i enjoy so much with my faimly and the food was Perfect.
great service and best Restaurant in town.
Ok I'm going to put this out there.  I haven't been to Marrakech for a while, but I feel they deserve a review.

I loved the one time I was out.  I'm a student of Arab Dance myself, and went with another dancer friend of mine.

We had a blast.  

The food was delicious, and Aradia was dancing that night...she is a local treasure.  Second generation dancer, who has been dancing at Marrakech for years and years...she blew us away.

I'd love to come back out again, sometime in the near future...I'm actually thinking about maybe coming for my birthday in March.  

Love Marrakech!
5 stars for the food.

Outstanding Moroccan food. Each dish in our set course for our large group was delicious all the way to the puff pasty dessert.

The belly dancer is entertaining, but she scolded me when I took a picture of her. I guess you are supposed to tip to take a picture. Oh sorry, maybe you should put up a sign. That or maybe just be nice instead.
Excellent food, an excellent service... This place is very nice and clean, food is so fresh and tasty...one of my favorite spots in Vegas... :)
This place is quite the experience.....  it's a pre-fixed menu with 6 courses.  The food is different but delicious and the atmosphere is super fun.  The belly dancing is impressive.  
I was a little overwhelmed by the prices on the menu- and I think they would do more business if they gave more choices on the menu.  I would frequent more if it wasn't so expensive.  This restaurant is an exciting experience- even if you go only once a year.
Went here with my gf & had a good time. The owner likes to get involved with the customers to make sure they are enjoying themselves. The ambiance makes you forget that you are in Vegas. The food & entertainment go hand & hand. Overall, a great date night! Ty
Great ambience & service.   The rose water smelled beautifully & the food was amazing.
When we drove up were weren't quite sure what to expect as the restaurant is situated in a small unassuming strip mall.  Once we walked inside any hesitations we had were whisked away.  The decor is great, the food absolutely delicious and the dancing very entertaining.  The best evening meal we had while in Vegas!  

If you looking for something unique and away from the casinos this is the place!
Great experience and the atmosphere was fantastic. Pace yourself! The dishes just keep on coming.
Awesome! If you want to try something fun and different I highly recommend it. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 star instead of 5 is that I think it is a little overpriced. But other than that, great food (6 course meal), friendly staff that worked with my wife to provide a vegetarian option. They even have belly dancers starting at 6ish about every hour. Will be going back.
I came here with my company~ I fell for their pure pressure when I initially didn't plan to join them after work. That force got me hooked. :)

It's a prefix menu of 6 courses.. I think. I was quite tipsy ^^  I don't know what each plate consist of but it all taste pretty darn amazing. Each plate is so unique in taste.. like, it's crazy. lol.. never knew taste like that existed! Same time we are being entertained with a gorgeous belly dancer who comes out to dance all around every 30 mins or so. Bonus stars to that. 


I'll be back. Definitely great for groups.
A little out of my price range but between the belly dancer and great food it's well worth my money ! Very calm relaxing vibe with a authentic twist you can't find in Vegas any more !
I booked Marrakech for my husband and his friend's mutual birthdays. There were 8 of us. The service was outstanding! We had the 6 course pre fixe meal.  Everything was delicious, but the hummus was the best I've ever had. The belly dancers were beautiful and mesmerizing. The authentic Moroccan tent atmosphere was comfortable and perfectly lit - for either a romantic dinner or a party.  Also, each of the birthday boys got a cake and a song. You have to be prepared for the bill at the end, though - especially if you're drinking!  

To the staff at Marrakech: Thank you for a very memorable experience and packing up a special meal for me!!  Sorry we broke a glass :)
This place was on my husband's Vegas bucket list.  As locals, there are places you want to try or things you want to do, but regular life gets in the way.

So, for his 40th birthday, I decided to treat him to this experience on Friday night.  

The decor (which I never comment on) was amazing.  While we were eating our dessert and chillin' a bit, we really had a chance to look around and the place is just so interesting and beautiful to look at.

We started our meals with beer (him) and a mojito for me.  The Marrehech mojito is no joke, by the way.  I probably should not have had the second one, but it was so tasty.

The prefix menu is a crazy amount of food.  A couple of recommendations.  First, eat a baby size lunch that day before going in.  When you get the first course of shrimp scampi, despite the deliciousness of the homemade bread, stop yourself from completely gobbling it all down.  You have a long way to go and if you go too hard at the beginning courses, the main course will arrive and you will have no room!

The shrimp was perfectly cooked.  Well seasoned and a good texture.  The second course of the veggies with the hummus was good.  The hummus was the best part.  The soup had a nice kick to it, but I am not a huge fan of rice in my soup, so I just didn't eat the rice.

The steak was amazing.  But all of this left me to look at the chicken and couscous with sadness.  I knew that if I had a bite of the chicken that the dessert would be unattainable.  Therefore, I determined that the chicken and couscous would have to come home with me (which made an amazing breakfast).  The dessert was this interesting pastry with bananas and hazelnut inside with cinnamon on top.  It was seriously good, but the jasmine mint tea was the finishing touch to the meal.  I stole the hubby's and finished his off, too.

The belly dancers were talented.  I got a cute pic of the hubby with the dancer.

Thanks for a great night!  We would love to return with friends.
The food is decent but overpriced which I don't expect off the strip.  The kabob is delicious but everything else was just okay.  They start out with bread and shrimp scampi and recommend dipping the bread in the butter.  Well, careful with that because we filled up on bread was busting full by end of dinner.  They bring one couse at a time so it's hard to gauge how much you should eat of each course.  Perhaps several courses at a time will be better.  Belly dancers were entertaining and service was good.
Very good food but music is too LOUD to have conversation with others - bring earplugs
Growing up in a moroccan household, this restaurant makes me feel like im visiting my family. Everything from the food to the atmosphere is simply amazing. This restaurant NEVER disappoints! Dont think twice - you'll love it!
If you're a fan of Moroccan food and belly dancing, make Marrakech one of your Las Vegas destinations. It's a great place for large groups or an intimate table for two, as long as you're looking for a truly entertaining evening of food, drinks, music and fun.

So why only three stars? For me, there's nothing wrong with a solid three star rating. Start with one of their mojitos, but be sure to stir it and don't sip from the straw at first. I did, and got a huge sugar blast. Easily fixed, and I had two more during our six course feast.

While Marrakech makes every effort to accommodate gluten free diners, some of the dining experience is lessened by having to use a fork instead of what looked to be amazingly tasty bread. My colleagues, who are not GF, confirmed the bread was quite delicious. The couscous too. Half the fun of this style of dining is the whole communal vibe, so having separate plates and altered courses is a little isolating. 

The courses themselves are all fine, but don't fill up on the shrimp and hummus. Make sure to save room for the chicken and the dessert. Mine had to be served cold, sans pastry shell, but I thoroughly enjoyed it along with the excellent mint tea.

The only thing missing from the Marrakech experience is a hookah lounge, but our excellent belly dancer provided stellar entertainment, along with the raucous patrons on hand that evening. Don't be shy, get up off your feet and dance! What happens in Vegas...
This place is amazing!!! Great little date night spot. Atmosphere is authentic, food is delish and service is on point... Love all the little touches that this restaurant does, esp the rose water!! See you soon!
My husband and I flew in from LA to have dinner last night. I  Love, Love, Love to food and the atmosphere! The shrimp scampi is AWESOME and the chicken was so tender, juicy, and absolutely flavorful. I will be making another trip to Vegas really soon ;)!!
Went here Thursday night before a concert. We did the six course feast. It's definetly  a feast!! By Course three I was stuffed!! Don't eat too much bread. And the desert is absolutely delicious too!!! My favorite was the mint tea at the end. I was so stuffed I could hardly move, but after a few cups of this delicious tea I was feeling much better!! Thinking about having my work holiday party here this year!
I love Moroccan food. 
I was buying flowers, and this place was in the same strip mall.
Their dishes are very traditional; shish kabob, Mediterranean salads, felafel, etc., and they're all fine.
However, their hummus tasted like it was store bought.
The prices were in line.
I've seen the belly-dancer once, and she was competent.
The decor was very nice, and the service was good.
I'd never had Moroccan food before, so I figured I'd give it a try. When first walking into the restaurant, it feels like you've travelled to another world. It looks like you're in a giant tent. The menu is already pre selected, but they have options for vegetarians. They have amazing service and bring you a ton of food (I believe there was six courses). The cost is $45 a person, but the atmosphere is great, the service is excellent, the way they bring each course out separately gives you time to enjoy the meal as well as conversation with your party (you definitely don't feel rushed), and what's even cooler is they have a bellydancer performing as you eat. She was very talented, beautiful, and entertaining. I'll definitely be coming back again in the future.
Seriously THE BEST MEDITERRANEAN RESTAURANT in Madison.

And mind you, as I've said in multiple occasions, I'm a vegetarian, so the choices ARE limited, but frankly every time I go there, I order EXACTLY the same thing (Vegetarian Delight with tabouli, hummus, and falafel with lentil soup or salad), EVERY TIME I leave so friggin happy and satisfied.  I don't know what they do, but from the time you go in and drink water (they put rose essence in their water), and order and armenian or turkish wine and ahh..

Also their tamar hindi is deliciously sweet and tart at the same time (it's A MUST drink, like a mango lassi but with tamarind.. yum)

Also, their lentil soup is a glorious combination of lentils, cumin and veggies that SERIOUSLY makes you want to screw etiquette and lick the plate.

Their salad dressing, OH MY GOD, you have no idea how many times I've ordered take out, and I've asked for extra dressing.  It's sweet but salty and just heaven.

Their falafels are chewy in the center and crispy in the outside.

Their hummus is just so creamy and filled with garbanzos.

Their tabouli tastes so incredibly fresh EVERY SINGLE TIME...

Serioulsy, GO TO LuLu's... you won't regret it!!!!!!  In fact, go and thank me... I like thanks and compliments!!!!  ;)
The food is good but its maybe only slightly better than Shish Cafe or Mediterranean Cafe.  The kicker is that the prices at LuLu's border on absurdity.  

This place very close to our house - and I would love to go there more often - but I just don't think its worth the money.
Every single time I come to Madison, we always come here. It drives me nuts. The In-laws loves this place. They come here ALLLLLL the time. I like certain restaurants too, but I don't go there once a week for 12 years!

With that said, their lentil spinach soup is very tasty. The grilled chicken breast on rice with hummus is really good, moist and flavorful. Yesterday, I enjoyed the haddock with rice and toasted almonds. The plate was plenty for 2 people. The tabouli is fresh and tasty.

The food here is very good but expensive. The haddock is $18 for mostly rice and 4 nuggets of fish.

I'll be back... because I have to.
I went to Lulu's for lunch yesterday with friends and enjoyed an amazing falafel sandwich with hummus. Their sandwich menu is well-priced and delicious, but my friends who ordered larger entrees found those to be quite small for their prices. 

This seems to be a great place for some things, but their prices are skewed. My verdict: Go there and get a sandwich!
I had thought that my commentary on their prices would be "picky" but apparently not.  I have to agree with the reviews:  the food I got (shawerma sandwich) was quite good -- excellent, in fact.  But for a *small* pita sandwich (~5 1/2" diameter) was...$8 (plus $2 for a *can* of Pepsi).  It was mighty tasty but there are numerous other ethnic "eats" in Madison where you can get a truly filling meal, and not have to fork out $10+tip for what would be considered a "street food snack" in its native country.
Where are you?!?!
We went to eat there and the restaurant was gone!
Charming neighborhood joint with a mixture of italian and mediterranean items on the menu.  They have some nice teas.
Grade: B

Pretty good Mediterranean / Italian food. Pricey.
The atmosphere was a hoot, with old Italian-American family photos that reminded me of my own great-grandparents.  The Moroccan artifacts tucked here and there were also endearing.  There were some gluten-free dining guides, gluten-free mixes and the like up front, so that was promising.  Oh, and the labels in the dessert case were made of Scrabble tiles.  :-)    

We went on a Saturday night and it was a bit loud.  We were seated at a table that would probably do well for six, but there were only four of us and so we seemed far apart, which made it hard to hear each other given the ambient noise.

I was excited to come here since the menu is friendly toward those on gluten-free diets.  I ordered a pizza with a gluten-free crust.  It was presented on a terra cotta pillar pizza stand.  The outer part of the crust was good but the inner part was a bit smushy, though not extremely so.  It was nice to be able to eat pizza again, but it wasn't amazing pizza.

Others at my table ordered the beef kebabs and a falafel plate.  They said the food was good but not fantastic.  My husband ordered a chocolate mousse for dessert and quite enjoyed it. 

Parking is easy and free in the restaurant's own lot, the restaurant is fairly easy to find, the menu looked fun, the atmosphere was great, and the food was fine.  Hopefully the food will become great and then I can give it more stars.  I'd love to award those who make dining accessible for the gluten-free crowd!
The website makes this restaurant look cheesy, but it's actually cozy. We went here on a double date. The special was something called "on the board" for 14.95 per person where you get a salad, garlic bread, spaghetti and meatballs, and a cannoli for dessert. And it's funny because they will LITERALLY bring out a Board covering the entire table (with rivets so the sauce collects on the sides) where they will just put a heap full of pasta. This made me laugh because it seemed pointless but memorable. Adios to any regular serving dish...that's for sure!

Let me tell you, I normally don't like cannoli or meatballs (but theirs were high quality and lean), but LOVED these things BOTH here because they were flavorful. I was so happy they had little chocolate chips to offset the cannoli's pastery shell and it was crispy with custard that was light and sweet, not cloying. 

Its kitschy/tacky/fun decor is mesmerizing. In the ladies room, I saw a vintage Hawaiian poster, vingtage dresses, toys, old school postcards...you name it! The men's bathroom is supposed to be decorated with Cub Scout paraphenalia.
Consistently good, reasonably priced Mediterranean fare.  Kebobs, tabouli, and shwarma are all very good.  Most night, there are specials featuring various raviolis- these have also been very good.

Slightly disappointed that it's beer/wine only, but that's livable. Desserts are outstanding, if you have any room left.

Cozy, comfortable- like your crazy Italian grandma's house, if Grandma owned a kitschy antique store.
Bunky's is a tiny little cozy cafe. I took my boyfriend here last Valentine's day and it was was very busy, but the service was still good. I had the special ravioli of the night(chicken and rosemary,  I think). It was good...but not spectacular. I think my boyfriend had a huge piece of lasagna. It was a nice meal, and a memorable place. I wasn't "wow"ed, but I'd try it again.
Bunky's has friendly service and unusual ambience: part of the restaurant looks like a deli while the other part looks like a Victorian living room.

I liked that they offered many local beers and do a decent job with labeling what's vegan and gluten-free. Our waitress also was knowledgeable about what's vegan and what's not.

Our falafel appetizer was quite tasty and well-done ($7.95). The creamy lentil soup that came with my main dish was wonderful---perfectly spiced, thick and delicious with fresh herbs. However, the Mediterranean Eggplant main course was pretty bland; it was basically eggplant, onions and bell peppers in a marinara sauce, served with couscous on the side. It was also slightly expensive at $13.95. My friend, however, enjoyed his vegetarian lasagna (which is not vegan).

They didn't have any vegan desserts on the day I visited but they do usually have at least one vegan home-made dessert of some type.
One of our favorite places - EVERYTHING we've tried is good!  I especially like the meat lasagna and the pizzas.
The food was good, but was way over-priced (reminded me of Dardanelles on Monroe Street). 

Decor is cool though.
I've been to Madison a few times to visit a friend but this was my first Bunky's experience.  The whole experience was great.  I am gluten free but love, I mean love me some pizza.  Being from Chicago you would think I have tons of options for eating pizza not at home, uh, nope.  The gluten free pizza was so great that combined with a gluten free beer.  I was one happy guy.  I even got a gluten free cheesecake which was amazing.  Whenever I go back to Madison that will be a definite stop for me.
I don't know if you guys are catching on to a continuous theme in my reviews, but one thing that is more important to me than anything when dining out, purchasing a product, or spending money in general, I appreciate a good value. By no means am I cheap... but then again, I don't like being played for a fool either. So instead of writing about Bunky's, I will tell you that there is this AWESOME Lebanese hole-in-the-wall called Taste of Lebanon on Foster & Ashland in Chicago. For what I spent at Bunky's I could have fed at least four, if not five adults with food that is on par with, if not better than what I got at Bunky's... and had change to spare. This is now my second experience in Madison where I know for a fact that in larger cities where one expects higher prices, I have paid far less for better. What gives? I know Madison is a left leaning, altruistic town, but I didn't think that it extended to how businesses price their wares!
Went here with the family and really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.  A few things were a bit off kilter, like the bus boy saying they don't accept credit cards when they do, and our waiter being a bit slow on water, but overall a good dining experience.  The food is what sold me.  Flavorful and delightful.  Interesting options given that its a cross between Italian and Mediterranean.  Also, the current owner's great grandfather first opened the restaurant so its been around while; kinda cool for those who care.
Oh, I've been meaning to update my review. I totally forgot that for every item we purchased that night, we were charged an extra $.25. Now, by no means am I a cheap individual, but here is where I take issue:

1. The food is already WAY overpriced
2. Nowhere on their menu (at least the take out menu), does it indicate you will be charged an additional $.25 per item
3. The individual who rang in my order also never mentioned anything about a $.25 surcharge.

The only thing I can surmise is that I was being charged a "to go" fee.  I have serious problems with places that do this to their customers. I had a problem with a place like this in Chicago who tried to pull this stunt, but at least they wrote "to go charge" on the bill. The fault was in how they handled the situation after I voiced my displeasure with this wack attempt to sneak a few more coins from my pocket. However, Bunky's just sneaks it in, and if you ask me, that's just bunk.
Dined at Bunky's last week while visiting a friend in Madison prior to a Badger basketball game.  The name 'Bunky's' doesn't even begin to describe the food--we were expecting a cafe with a great sandwiches and to be in and out quickly...WE couldn't have been more wrong--but that was okay!

The place was very eclectic and is a true sit down restaurant probably inspired by cafes in the Middle East/Eurasia.  The menu was just as eclectic with kabobs, pasta, pizza and plenty of hummus.  

They also serve something that I think was called 'table spaghetti' or something like that--anyway we saw a table of 8 served this (the menu says 2 person minimum) and it was quite interesting.  Essentially they cover the table with some kind of protective cover (it looked like a piece of marble with a beveled moat around the border--to protect from wayward juices) and then proceeded to dump a huge stainless steel bowl of spaghetti and another of marinara/gravy directly onto the table!  It was interesting to watch these people dig in sans plates...yes, that's right--everyone sort of eats in front of themselves without a plate.  A very different take on family-style dining for sure.

Anyway, back to our experience...the three of us ordered the chicken kabob dinner, lamb kabob dinner, and some type of penne pasta.  The kabob dinners come with rice, hummus, and a couple grilled veggies--I subbed in couscous for rice--it was tasty but $17 for the lamb dinner seems a bit of a stretch for what I got.  All of us enjoyed our food and the time there.  We'll definitely go back.
Excellent service; GREAT food. 
The staff is really nice and accommodating. We eat at Bunky's frequently and I just hosted a baby shower there.  They did a great job of accommodating my budget and making my friend feel very special.  I highly recommend them for catering as well.
The service was great, everyone was very friendly.  It's a great place to go on a date.  The lighting is dim, which gives the restaurant a romantic feel.  The home made ravioli was awesome, but the tiramisu made our night.  It was the best tiramisu we've every had, maybe even the best dessert I've ever ordered anywhere.
I feel like I dined in my Grammy's sewing room.  Everything from the decor to the borderline-gaudy-floral chairs gives off that antique and worn (in a nice way) feel.  This one's got character!

The menu is a fusion of Mediterranean and Italian offerings.  Want some baba ghanouj with your pizza?  Bowtie pasta with your falafel?  Tomato foccacia with chicken shawarma?  You can do it here.  We shared a combo appetizer that included falafels, hummus and pita, baba ghanouj, and grape leaves.  The food quality on this was rather ordinary.  

My strip steak was tender and juicy and the best part of the entree.  The au gratin potatoes and green beans were soaking in a pool of buttery grease and oil though.  Mmm mmm, not.  My dining buddy ordered "Tina's pasta", which was a special of the night and delivered extra lemony flavors x 100.  Did someone accidentally put Pledge into the vegetable oil bottle? 

P.S.  Service was solid.
P.P.S.  There's street parking outside, plus a lot at the side of the building.
We were traveling with our baby and wanted to go someplace where we wouldn't get dirty looks for bringing a kid but where we could also have some decent food (no more chain restaurants, ugh!), so our expectations were probably a little different than your average diner. Bunky's was a great choice. I had the chicken shawarma, which wasn't exactly authentic but did have really great flavor--a little spicy and a little tangy. I enjoyed it a lot. Spouse had the special ravioli of the night which he thought was also pretty good. Again, nothing spectacular but solid flavors and cooked properly. We took some carrot cake to go and it was good, though it could have been a little spicier for me. The service was fantastic--very attentive even though they were busy, and the person at the front (the owner?) was very friendly and helpful in accommodating our table of 2 and a half. Several of the tables next to us had gluten-free diners and we could see the staff was going out of their way to make sure those diners got what they wanted. Overall we had a very lovely time at Bunky's.
Excellent Food & Service.  We started with their special for the day ~ acorn squash lobster bisque soup.  The best I've ever tasted!  We shared the lamb dish and chicken Shawarma.  Both had great flavor and presentation.  The tabouleh was excellent as well.

A little pricey, but worth every bite.  Excellent wait staff and pleasant ambiance.
After writing my review for Oliva (and comparing it to Bunky's), I realized I haven't reviewed Bunky's yet! 

As I said in Oliva's review, I think Bunky's Chicken Shawarma is perfect - thinly sliced chicken, nicely seasoned, plenty of charred vegetables, yummy rice, fabulous hummus, and great yogurt sauce.  And their lentil soup in awesome.  Go for lunch when it's 5 bucks cheaper. 

Everything I've had at Bunky's is good and their coffee is excellent. 

I've only been to their new location once.  Didn't like it as well as the old place, and the food didn't seem quite as good either, which was strange.  Maybe they just hadn't gotten into their routine yet or something.
Delicious Gluten Free desserts are reason enough for 5 stars
If you want good falafel, this is the spot in Madison to get it at. If you want to just eat it at home and heat the pieces in the oven/pan you can also get them at the Willy Street Co-Op,and they even come with tahini.
The food was good, the service was excellent, the ambience was different. I will definitely be going back.
I want to start by saying that as soon as I saw the Shawarma, I had to order it.  It's a real feat if a restaurant manages to make a decent version of this, and my love for Shawarma makes me somewhat of a connoisseur.

As we walked in, there were about 12 people waiting in the foyer, but my girlfriend went to the hostess and we were seated immediately.  We got some stares as we walked by people who had been waiting longer than us, but we had the advantage of being a 2-top.  We were seated in the middle of everything, so it was definitely a cramped eating experience.  We were informed that they were about 10 tables behind when we were seated, and that our server would be over for drinks in a minute.  I don't know why we were told they were behind other than to elicit some sympathy, but I have to say that nothing took overly long or showed up hastily put together despite the apparent issue of being behind.

The atmosphere is a little quirky, but that's also kind of fun.   A lot of the stuff they have up seems to match with the mix of the owners (Italian and Arab...Moroccan I think based on his name, definitely a North African sounding name anyway).  This mix is more common than most people think too given Italy's role in Libya and Tunisia's proximity to Italy.

Anyway, we ordered drinks and they showed up promptly. $3.75 for a bottle of Bells Two Hearted wasn't too bad price point wise, though I couldn't tell that they apparently only have a selection of bottles and no tap based off the drink menu I saw.  I might have missed something there though.  My girlfriend had wine, which was good.

For food, we ordered the Pesto pizza and the Chicken Shawarma.

The pizza was very tasty, though I personally didn't care for the crust.  It's not a bad crust by any means, but it was a little too dense for my liking.  The toppings were very good, and overall it was a pizza I'd order again even though I know the crust won't be great.

The shawarma is what I was really interested in, and it was a very nice portion of grilled/sliced chicken breast over some rice with a couple of grilled vegetables and a little hummus.  It also came with some pita and a little side of yogurt sauce.  The chicken was seasoned well, and definitely came across my palate like what I'm used to with shawarma.  I think they could spice it up a little more and add a tad more lemon, but that's just my personal take.  The vegetables were very tasty, but I'm used to getting more veggies with a shawarma like this one.  Same with the hummus.  These two aspects of the dish were far too small and need to be a bit bigger if they're going to give someone a complete experience from start to finish.  I found myself cutting the vegetables into smaller and smaller pieces so that I could make them last, and I barely used the hummus since it was a small dollop.  The rice is good, but it dominates the plate in a 'this will fill you up' kind of way.  Maybe that makes this dish more affordable to serve, but it was disappointing to have a plate of rice and chicken rather than a more complete shawarma set up.  The pita was good, but I couldn't tell if it was made in-house or not.  If it is, it would be a nice touch to have it served warm instead of cold and not very pliable.  I'm used to eating with bread when I eat something like this too, and the bread didn't hold up too well.  So, for an americanized version of the Shawarma from an Italian-Arab run restaurant in the Great White North...it wasn't bad.  Definitely not the worst, but Dearborn,MI  shawarmas are MUCH closer to what shawarma lovers want and they're up here in the large portion size northern midwest states too.  Anyway, I would order the shawarma again, but I'll know it's not the real deal.

The prices were reasonable, and the tab was definitely something we could do again.  For a pizza, shawarma, and two drinks each it was right at $55.  Now that I write that it seems a little steep, but it really didn't feel like it when we paid...and honestly, it still doesn't.  Middle-of-the-road I suppose.

One thing about Bunky's that sets it apart is that it's one of the few restaurants on the eastside that is not a bar-restaurant.  I like a lot of other establishments near Bunky's, but sometimes it's nice to have more of a dining experience rather than a pub experience.  So, it's filling that niche nicely.  I'm sure we'll be back sometime, but with a lot out there to try still...it will probably be a while.
My husband went to Bunk's before me and and always raved about how great the food and service was.  When I finally went I was not disappointed.  

We had the grilled Salmon and Grilled Shrimp.  The Salmon was amazing and the Shrimp was jumbo with an awesome char.  We weren't expecting it to come with soup or salad so that was definitely a plus.  The Lentil soup is AMAZING and the salad is really good too.  The Entres also come with your choice of either baba ganoush or hummus as well.  (I'm used to paying for EITHER as an appetizer)  so that was also a nice surprise.  

As far as price goes, I've paid more and walked away disappointed at other places for the same kind of meal.  They definitely know how to do it right at Bunky's.

Lastly, this would have been a 5 star review but I personally didn't feel like there was a lot of options for those who do not eat meat at all (I only got to see the lunch menu). Secondly, and this point doesn't apply for a lot of people, I would much, much, much appreciate a zabihah option so that I could try out some of the other dishes as I am SURE the chicken shwarma sandwich is to die for.

With that said, I will be back to try to find more vegetarian/fish options to eat!  I love Bunky's!
Originally open in the 1930s, it closed down in the 80s. Teresa and her husband Rachid (he's Moroccan) opened it in 2004 and serve a mix of Mediterranean/Italian food. Very cool and eclectic decor. Teresa mentioned that she got most of her stuff from St.Vinny's and flea markets around Dane county. Especially her basement dining room with lots of strange clothing and boas! 

I highly recommend their Kabobs and the Chicken Shawarma! yum.
My boyfriend and I were visiting Madison and decided to have dinner here. While my companion had a few criticisms - mostly about the decor  - we both found the food and the service to be fantastic. I am on a gluten-free, vegan diet and I was able to order pasta puttanesca with gluten-free noodles, sans anchovies. It was truly exceptional. Really, truly good!
I love Bunky's because of the food and the atmosphere.  It's so nice and cozy--great for a date night (especially if your loved one eats gluten free)!
Ate here for the first time tonight. Really can't complain- the food was good, definitely nice to see a vegetarian/vegan section of the menu an the waitress told us they make everything from scratch, so they can make moat things veg*n. I had the penne gorgonzola which was much heavier than I was expecting, but it was good. My boyfriend ordered a vegan pizza (they use a non-soy vegan cheese) which he said was very good, but the crust left something to be desired.

The service was friendly, but slow. They could have definitely used another server on the floor. We ran out of drinks before the meal arrived and were continually asking for more.

All in all, I'd go back, but probably on off hours when they're less busy.
Plenty of vegetarian options for me. Good food and good service!
I didn't like the food or the service.
We went to Bunky's recently and were pleasantly surprised by how good the food  and atmosphere was.
You wouldn't know it from the outside but someone with us stated that she had heard only good things about this restaurant.   We personally really liked the atmosphere inside and were very comfortable and relaxed.   We arrive before they served but they cheerfully welcomed us in and suggested we order some wine while we wait (30min) till serving time.   We were fine with that because we needed to look over the menu and just talk among ourselves.   The service was perfect.  Not rushed and not too long but just right.  Goldilocks service.
I ordered the Italian Scolio and our other dishes were a Chicken with Basmati and and Olive pasta dish.   We all loved our food.  Everything was cooked perfectly, tasted delicious and of ample proportions. 
My dish was 18 and the others were 15.  So plan for these prices.   We got two appetizers of equal good flavor which were 7 and 10 dollars.
We found the food to be excellent and the staff professional and pleasant.
Thank you Bunky's for a terrific dinner experience.
Latest visit was just me and the boy for a quick pizza which was great. Crispy crust, nice sauce - excellent service as always. Past visits included squash ravioli, great red sauce....
I love Bunky's. The food is wonderful, the prices are reasonable and the service is (usually) good. I especially appreciate the flexibility of the menu. My father in law is on a strict diet for his heart, Bunky's is one of the few places we can go out to eat. They will prepare almost anything for you based off of dietary needs and what they have on hand. 
I have run into problems with the service occasionally, but they usually catch their mistakes and make up for them.
This place is right down the street from my family's house where I grew up.  It used to be the Atwood Community Center where I spent preschool and many-a-day at their day camps.  So it was a little weird to be sitting in the dining room.

Overall this place is solid and a great addition to the neighborhood.   We started our meal with a baba ganouj which actually blew me away.  I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was.  We also had the filet en croute and the gorgonzola pasta.  The filet was prepared with a rich but heavy /weird sauce that I didn't particular care for.  The gorgonzola pasta had a nice light flavor, in my opinion could have used a little bit more gorgonzola.  

Overall good experience and I would steer you toward the Mediterranean items.
Super delicious food, although our wait was crazy and the place was packed.  A little disappointed they ran out of their nightly special, but everything else was very good.  A little expensive, but good for a special night out.  They were accommodating for vegetarian requests as well (they added veggies to a pasta dish instead of meat).  Would recommend!
I'm giving Bunky's at least 2 stars for now, because I may have ordered something off the menu that's really not their specialty.  First let me start by saying the atmosphere and manager are two very strong points.  I have a gluten allergy which is one of the reasons my partner and I decided to go here and I'm pleased to say that they offer a lot in gluten free.  Don't even bother with the garlic bread however, it's not more than mush and no garlic.  The prices are kinda high so we asked right away if they thought the proportions were big enough for two people and she said, "yes".  But then when it came time to eat it was a small piece of their veggie lasagna and we were only hungrier then when we came in.  You are served a tiny spot of salad(with amazing dressing), a sliver of soggy gluten free garlic bread (for 1.50 extra) and then a small smackerel of lasagna.  The lasagna was very bla.  But like I was saying there are so many other amazing things on the menu like the whole Mediterranean side of the menu.  So overall I was fairly disappointed but willing to give in one more try.
Once again I was in one my favorite states Wisconsin, favorite because I love farms in the town Madison one of my favorites because I like Badger hockey and once again Darren, my brother-in-law (BIL) to the north, chose a place for my lovely bride to join him, his lovely bride and his sweet and lovely mother-in-law (MIL), I add sweet because I think most folks get sweeter with age. Anyhow back to the point the point being the restaurant review.

The options are just about all Italian or mediterranean though a few seafood items I went Italian and had the Pesto Fettuccine Alfredo and was delicious and it was a good sized serving. I also had their minestrone soup and though it good as well.

My lovely bride had the gluten free version of the Lasagna and was very pleased which means a bunch because since she joined all the "I'm a GFer" society she has been quite picky and has not given many thumbs up on the GF stuff. 

As for my brother-in-law I be darn if I remember what he nor his sweet and lovely MIL had but I do recall one of them had the ravioli of the day and since nobody called for our server i'm assuming they enjoyed it. 

My BIL's lovely bride had the same as me and since she was to my right I could recall her saying it was very good.

The service was excellent but my BIL new her quite well but she's been in the food service industry for quite awhile as the so-so servers don't make a career of it, so I think the excellent service was the norm and not just for my BIL's guest.

I usually don't mention much about decor in my reviews because I'm not really in to decor but when I like rally like the decor I mention it and mention it as Bunky's though small, it was comfy more of a family reunion dining room thing .

So as we go out the door I have to confess that I'm not a' fan' and that is only because I went there once and to say your a fan is like saying I'm a fan of some celeb you think is a jerk but you meet them and say 'hi' to you you suddenly become a fan. But I have to say Bunky's was definitely better then A-OK let's say the 4 star meaning is "It was really good!"
Sadly, this once excellent restaurant  seems to be sliding, at least as far as service is concerned. This used to be a very friendly and accommodating place, hosted by the gracious co-owner Theresa. But, on my most recent visit, she was not there, and the manager was most ungracious, in my opinion. My dining companion ordered the steamed mussels, which came cold--when he complained, the waitress promised a new, hot serving, but that never came, and the waitress disappeared. Instead, the manger came over, and proceeded to insinuate that my friend was lying to get an extra portion!  Instead of the promised mussels, we got very mini tiramisu. We will not return, and will advise our friends to avoid it too; the prices are high for what they serve, as is the noise level. Too bad they seem unconcerned about losing good customers.
Always enjoyed this neighborhood staple but something has changed. Took friends there for what turned out to be  a very disappointing meal. Over $100 for 4 adults (no alcohol, beverages or dessert and a shared appetizer) Biggest problem was poor quality of the entrees which were ALL dry and really over cooked. I could barely slice my lamb which was cooked down to cardboard and ended up leaving it uneaten on my plate. Some of the entrees were charred black - and not in a nice just-off-the-grill way - but they were sent out of the kitchen and merrily served to us without comment.  Did complain to the manager - but stressed i wasn't trying to get something for free. She brought us a small dessert with 4 forks which was nice but didn't exactly ease the memory of our poor quality meals. On the upside the hummus and stuffed grape leaves were good.  Still, I won't be back again.
We used Bunky's catering for our wedding ceremony and I could not be happier.  Teresa and Rachid were absolutely outstanding from start to finish with the food and their service.  They gave us an outstanding menu and kept within our budget, gave us great cost cutting tips (like purchasing old china rather than renting new plates) and their food was the highlight of the reception for our guests (just like we wanted).  I cannot recommend them enough!
What a delightful restaurant!  

I was immediately struck by the adorbs decor.  It's like walking into your eclectic friend's apartment, or you know...a hip grandma or something.  In a good way!  They've got vintage mirrors hanging on the wall, and they had their Christmas tree decorated with empty picture frames hooked on the tree limbs.  Just makes you wanna go, "awwwww."

The menu is kind of bizarre.  When they say mediterranean and italian food, I'd say it's a bit heavier on the med. side, but I'm not complaining!  I had the lamb skewers with rice, grilled veggies, and pita with hummus.  Super tasty.  The lamb had a punch of spices and flavor.  There was a cool cucumber sauce to dip the lamb in which soothed the spice and was a fabulous combination.  I wish I knew how to make rice like they do.  I'd eat it all the time.  The vegetables were fire roasted and are a wonderful take on your ordinary side dish.  You could really taste the smokiness, just like you had grilled them at a back yard bbq. 

I finished the meal with a cannoli.  They have chocolate and plain.  Even the plain comes with chocolate chips in the ricotta filling, which is simply divine.  Excellent dessert options.  I highly recommend trying one.

We went at about 3pm on a Saturday; however, during peak dinner hours you need reservations.  Let me repeat this.  MAKE RESERVATIONS!  We came on a Saturday night at 7pm one time, and was told the wait time was one hour and 45 minutes. Yep.  Plan ahead peeps.
This. Place. Is. Awesome.

I was visiting Madison with a large group, including one vegan friend. It was difficult for her to find establishments where she could eat, but this was not a problem at Bunky's. I ordered the veggie lasagna, and it was incredibly good. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals as well, as all of the food was quickly devoured.

In addition, the servers were SO attentive to the 8 of us! I was very impressed with their level of service and wished we had been in town longer so we could have eaten another meal there!
We moved here from Minneapolis after years of being gone from our alma mater.  Old enough to remember Bunky's as a seedy nightclub near Regent, but young enough to enjoy AWESOME food in its new location on Atwood.

We've tried many things - not one meal has been anything but wonderful.  Favorite is their mediterranean sampler, you get to try a little of everything, and the price is right ($11.95).  Pizza is really good (not great), but the pastas are incredible.  Try the Puttanesca - one of the best interpretations I've had.  

My daughter is gluten-free, they do a really admirable job of making a lot of their menu available as gluten-free without any noticeable decline in quality, thanks to RP's Pasta and Silly Yak.

Nice atmosphere, nice wine list, prices are decent, it's totally charming, and yummy.  Love the mash-up of Italian and middle-eastern.  TRY THIS PLACE!
My fiancee and I tried this place before going to see a band at the Barrymore.  We did not have a reservation and it was prime-time on a Saturday night and though they were busy, they were able to seat us in just about 20 minutes.  There isn't a bar to wait in but you can order wine and enjoy that while you wait in the hall.  All the patrons exiting insisted it was worth the wait and they were right!

From the opening bread through the Italian salad and entree, the meal was incredibly savory and satisfying.  I had the meat lasagna and my fiancee had the meat kabob.    Both were fantastic washed down with Chianti and though we should have taken home leftovers, we were hard pressed not to finish the generous portions served.

The service was good, the atmosphere lively and the food exquisite.  I would definitely recommend this neighborhood gem but I would recommend making a reservation as the seating is limited.
Restaurant rules 101: If you are a manager, do not tell a table to hurry up and order "because this table is pre-booked." 

Just don't. 

I met my mom and her work friends at Bunky's this evening. We were waiting for two more people to show before we ordered dinner.  We ordered two appetizers and a few people had ordered wine as well, so we weren't just sitting there.

The manager told us that we needed to order soon as the table was pre-booked. Soon after, the remaining two arrived, but he proceeded to evil eye us the whole night. That is why Bunky's is getting a one star review right now.

If a party is waiting on more people to show up before ordering, then either give yourself some cushion in table reservation scheduling, or have a policy of not seating parties until all members show up.

To be fair, the squash cake appetizers were very good, as were the green beans.  The ambiance was super cute (warm glowy, with old people photographs and old lady kitsch all around), albeit the energy was tense (Gee, I wonder why).

The lentil soup was outstanding. So much so that I'd go back for it, even if management did leave a bad taste in my mouth. Pun intended. 

Entree: I ordered Tina's Pasta which is smoked salmon, fettuccine, sun-dried tomatoes with a dill cream sauce. Sounded good on paper, failed to deliver in real life. Tried the hummus. Nice texture. That's where it ends. Wants for more lemon. I'll admit that living in Lebanon has made me choosy in the hummus department, but still...

I had a hunch about Bunky's concept of Italian and Mediterranean under one roof. I was right. I've seen other restaurants try to execute disparate cuisines. It never works. Just pick one and do it well, don't try to cover Italy, the Levant and North Africa on one menu. 

You don't get your sushi where you get your cheese curds. Don't get your falafel where you get your puttanesca. 

The end.
This is the second New Year's eve I have celebrated by going to Bunky's.  The place never stops amazing me and satisfying me every time I go.  The very attentive staff,  wonderful atmoshepre and incredible food make for a nice evening.

I had Tina's Pasta with a great wine (Apothic) and a decadent slice of tiramisu for desert.  Tina's pasta is a blend of dill, pasta, sun dried tomatoes, and salmon in a light sauce.  The dish arrived steaming hot and from the first taste was nothing but incrediable. The dill wa snot overpowering and only added to teh tomatoes and the salmon, which just melted in your mouth.

Th entree came with a choice of salad and soup, and i picked teh seafood bisque, whcih was also very good.  It was a great combintion of tomato and fish, and was not at all too 'fishy".

The tiramisu itslef is worth the visit.  I am not a fan of tiramisu normally, as I usually find the lady fingers too soggy or way too coffee flavored.  This was the perfect combination of espresso soaked lady fingers, chocolate, and whip cream.  In concert with the coffeee, it was perfection.

My server, Eric, was very attentive, polite and very helpful in choosing my entree. I enjoyed my meal and look forward to going back.  The host very was attentive and polite as well and made thw experinece very pleasant, from the greeting to the thank you on my way out. This will now be my New Year's Eve tradition.

Thank you.
Beautiful, intimate restaurant with delicious food. 

For the price, I was concerned by how much food we might get but it was worth every penny. Their lentil soup to start was like great home cooking, hearty and had you begging for more. My boyfriend and I had their veal and sage ravioli and the pesto fettuccine alfredo. Everything was spectacular in taste and portion. The server was so timely with water and meal service. We were so pleased with our time at Bunky's we decided to end with dessert. Their tiramisu and cannolis were awesome. I can't wait till the next time we can go back because when we left we wanted to walk right back in!
I'm confused by the reviews on here which sort of run the gamut, perhaps 2008 was just a bad year? 

2013?
Delish. 
Just. Delish. 

I've been twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner and I thoroughly enjoyed both experiences. The menu is extensive, and I sort of ignored the Italian and went straight for the Mediterranean which I feel is lacking in Madison. The chicken kabobs and beef kabobs are EXCELLENT. They have incredible flavor and are extremely juicy for something that probably gets grilled on super high heat. The veggies that come alongside both are also pretty great. 

Start with the lentil soup. Just do it. I can't even describe the amazingness that awaits you when you go that route instead of the salad, but my dining bud seemed to enjoy that, so maaaaaaybe you're ok with either starter. 

I don't feel like it's Mediterranean unless someone orders falafel. The appetizer portion is perfect for two to share. They're crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside and didn't seem to be dripping with oil. 

I love the interior... the coziness, the quirkiness, the tables by the window, the staff... I'm pretty much sold. 

Lunch prices are reasonable, dinner a bit more spendy.
When Shish Cafe and then Palymyra closed, I found myself in a dark - very dark, Mediterranean food-less - place. I would try grape leaves here or there only to be turned off by texture, vinegar content or freshness. I still ate hummus, but I had lost my enthusiasm. I longed for babaganoush I could be excited about, a tabouli that wasn't an overdone cucumber fest, a fresh frickin pita.

And then something amazing happened. I threw a tub of Bunky's hummus in my cart while shopping for kombucha and hemp milk at the co-op (because if you are going to live in Madison, *live* in Madison). Dear God. What did they put in there??? I ate tub after tub after tub. I told everyone I knew. I learned that Bunky's was a real place and I could go to there.

So I went. And, for me - in that moment, everything changed. The sun shone a little brighter. The children smiled a little bigger. The birds chirped a little louder.

How adorable is the interior of this cozy place? How sweet are the people working there? How un-f-ing-believable are their grape leaves? How did Madison get away with keeping this secret from me for so long?

Bunky's saved me. Bunky's can save you too.
I wanted to order the special but decided to go with something from the menu for my first visit to Bunky's. The lamb kabob was great. Nice pieces of lamb seared and cooked to perfection. Perfect rice, delicious roasted peppers and onions, the best hummus I've ever tasted. The service was great and the ambience was delightful. I ignored this restaurant for years because of its name. :) And, we're west siders. Bunky's is definitely worth a trip to the east side. If you're going right at 5 for dinner, you should be fine, but anything after 5:30, you should definitely make a reservation.
We had a reservation for 4 on a weeknight at 7p and the place was very busy.  Great decor, enjoyed the ambiance.  We were seated quickly but had a long wait for a server and finally the manager came to take our drink order.  He did a fine job serving the wine but then it was a very long wait for the server.  She was very friendly but was a bit forgetful.  We never got our bread, service time was very slow.  We had no where to be so it was ok, but would be annoying if we had something to attend afterward.  The food was DELICIOUS.  That would be why I would definitely go back.  I was looking forward to falafel but unfortunately they were sold out but the chicken kabob was delish.  Again, a long wait to deal with the check.
We had a great experience here tonight! 10 of us went to have spaghetti on the board and when we got there they didn't have our reservation but found a way to seat us and just gave great service all around the whole meal. We had a lot of fun eating the spaghetti off the table and it was very affordable. Overall would recommend!!!
Absolutely love everything.  Especially the lentil soup, baked cheese, chicken shawarma, the Bunky's pasta, and chocolate cake!  I've eaten here a lot if you can't tell. :)  Great waitstaff and very unique/cozy interior.  Good for families or a date!
Have had their food at meetings recently...so good!  Portabello ravioli is to die for!
Cute little place. Menu has an interesting mix of options, both Mediterranean and Italian...Enjoyed my lamb kabob...baba gnoush and cheese appetizers...Would visit again...
Hummuslicious!  A new word in the Webster Dictionary.
Definition: A delicious, scrumptious, tongue licking, mouth savoring dish made by Bunky's Cafe.  

Hummus has basic ingredients but everytime I try Bunky's Hummus it is always better than anything store bought, hands down.  We picked up Bunky's last night for Concerts on the Square.  Fantastic grilled lemon chicken, baba ghanoush, pita bread, salad with a tangy salad dressing, grilled flatbreads and a perfect finale of baklava.  

Can't wait to go back and enjoy the rest of the menu!
Good food.
I cannot speak highly enough about Bunky's! I worked mainly with Teresa to cater our wedding reception, and from the moment thatwe  booked them to the day of the wedding, she was helpful, friendly, and very organized with all the details. She worked really hard to find us a menu that fit within our budget without compromising on quality. 

Speaking of the food....she uses food that is primarily local, organic, and homemade, and it was incredible! We had the grilled tenderloin steak, chicken, and veggie kabobs along with a portabella mushroom ravioli in an amazing marinara cream sauce, the Italian house salad, and freshly baked rolls. Literally everything they served was superb, and we had countless guests come up to us to specifically to tell us that it was the best wedding food they had ever had! It was especially cool that Teresa and her husband, Rachid, grilled the meat right on site (we were married at Schuster's Farm), so that really added to the fun ambiance of the day.  They also have really unique add-on options such as using their "funky plates," which are a collection of neat china that she has collected over the years. 

The staff was also incredible and very friendly. They helped out with other aspects of the wedding, such as helping us serve appetizers and dessert that we brought ourselves. They all seemed genuinely happy to be there celebrating with us. Our wedding really was a perfect day and Bunky's made even that much more amazing! 

I would recommend Bunky's without a moment's hesitation, and I can't wait to visit their restaurant again to eat more of their delicious food!
Bunky's has been on our to-do list for a while now and we finally made the long trek over to the east side to check it out. There was no parking available in their small lot -- always a good sign -- so blinded by looking directly into the west-setting sun, we found a spot across the street and strolled in. The eclectic decor reminded me somewhat of a diner, coffee shop and Italian cafe, all rolled into one. The toasted bread with melted butter, Parmesan and fresh herbs was a nice touch for table sharing. My chicken marka was divine -- the peppers, onions, chicken and tomatoes fed off each other while the portion size fed me to perfection. The kids were happy with their pasta dishes -- my sampling found the meatballs to be juicy and perfect, but the tomato sauce to be a touch on the bland side. My wife had the Mediterranean combo; I sampled grape leaves and hummus and they were splendid -- cool options for a hot summer day. Bunky's does it right -- friendly staff, sunny dining room, well-fed customers with a sunny disposition. I've used sunny too much, haven't I, Sonny? Time to make like a grape leaf and wrap up. Out.
TEN DOLLARS!
TEEEEEEEEEEEN DOLLARRRRRRRS!

Next time you have ten bucks in your wallet, aim for Bunky's STAT and pick up any one of the several lunch options that adorns their two sided menu. This place not only has delicious offerings in a cozy settings, but it's consistent, the sign of a well run kitchen/front of house. I made the mistake of breezing past the dessert case today, all of which are handmade in house. Holy tiramisu batman! 

Seriously, I don't know why more people aren't pulling up a chair at this joint. 

Great stuff on Madison's east side where we're overrun with burgers and Asian.
The decor is great. The service was good. The food is locally sourced and fresh. Pasta is made fresh. We wanted to love bunky's, but we found everything to be a bit bland. The hummus. The falafel. Spaghetti and meatballs. Lamb. The meal was disappointing because we hoped for more. I'll go back with a group one more time to Try their spaghetti on a board.
This is an AWESOME place to eat.  The owners are so friendly and welcoming, the food is DELICIOUS (lentil soup, hummus, and tiramisu...to die for)!
I'm a regular at Bunky's and am finally getting around to giving them the Yelp review they so rightfully deserve. First off, mixing Mediterranean and Italian is a stroke of genius. The ambiance just makes me happy ~ tons of gorgeous mirrors and antique photos and mismatched chairs and varying sets of dishes and the bathroom.........ADORABLE!!! The service is always really good, very consistent. On to the food... The food is super great! Seriously, love the food! I've had it all, or most of it anyway, the spaghetti & meatballs, the pizza, the salmon, the shrimp, the kafta kabob, the beef kabob, the lentil soup, the Italian salad.....OMG! I love it all! You can't go wrong. Except to not go. So go to Bunky's, go soon! Eat the food, visit the adorable bathroom, enjoy yourselves. You'll be glad you did.
Haven't had a meal this satisfying in awhile! The penne gorgonzola is not to be missed! Hummus was also very good, though I like a bit more lemon in mine... 
Friendly service, and the kind of cute, nostalgic decor that makes a place feel warm inside! And there's an organic chianti on the menu! Highly recommend.
My cousin raved about this place so we had to try it. It is a cute and unique little place. The lentil soup was decent. My boyfriend really liked it, I found the texture strange but I think I'm just not into lentils.

I had the beef sandwich. The meat was so flavorful. I asked for no peppers. I didn't realize it came with tons of onions. Once I picked them off the sandwich was great.

They have some different beers you wouldn't normally see too which was good.

I can't say I'd go back out of preferences but I would recommend to others as a good place to try for something different.
I hate giving a low score review to a mom and pop place, but I write critical reviews in the hope that places like this improve their operations. This was my third visit over the years to Bunky's. I thought the food was unique and adequate so we planned to go there for our annual Christmas family outing especially since our daughter from Kansas City is vegetarian. 

We arrived on time and were barely acknowledged. We were finally seated after a 5 minute wait. Our server was asked what she recommended and she told us that she had started 6 days ago and had never eaten there. The server needed training. She didn't appear when we needed something. For our party of six, the meal finally came and the last entree was delayed. We were not sure why since it was a pasta dish. 

Now on to the quality of food. The lamb was tough, the beef was tough. The seafood pasta dish was no big creative endeavor. We cook much better at home. It is an Italian restaurant and we had to ask for Parmesan. Overall we dumped two hours. I am not a beer or wine drinker so that was a very long time to wait for me to get a real cocktail after dinner.

The atmosphere is nice. There is only one shared restroom and when I left it there was a line of 4 waiting to use it.

Bunky made our family funky.
I'm sorry, but this food is not very good.  I've never seen Yelp reviews so far off the mark. 

In all fairness, I only ordered from the Mediterranean menu, so maybe the Italian dishes are the way to go.  But I sampled 8 items, so I think I can write an educated review.  

I ordered the lentil soup, because it was recommended over and over again in the Yelp reviews.  Awful.  You know how those State Street middle eastern restaurants smell?  That's how this soup tastes.  Over-seasoned, over-purreed (did not see an actual lentil), and stinky.  Every person at my table mentioned the bad smell.  

I moved onto the Mediterranean plate (the entree).  Here's the breakdown:
- Tabouli: Inedible.  Soaking in salt and vinegar, tasted like pickle juice.
- Grape leaves: Inedible.  Tasted like tobacco!
- Baba Ganouj: Inedible.  Not sure why.  Just tasted awful.
- Falafel: Okay, but I've had better at the Great Dane.  That tells you something.
- Hummus:  Passable, but this cannot be the best in Madison (as the other reviews say).  I can go into Whole Foods and blindly choose any hummus and it would be better.
- Tahini dip:  No flavor!  It literally tasted like water, if that makes any sense.
- Pita slices: Nothing special.

And at $13.95, it was overpriced as well.  Should have been under ten bucks.

I've been a vegetarian for over half of my life, so these foods are not new to me.

Oh, the bread was good.
Cute decor but way overpriced for what you get...having eaten many a Mediterranean meal before moving to Madison, the flavors disappointed.  Pita tasted store bought and hummus was bland.  The taziki was very thin and also lacking in flavor.  While it wasn't a bad meal it wasn't good enough for a return visit.  I also thought it was a bit unusual to ask for the specials and instead of telling me, the waiter handed me his notes.  A hummus app, two kabob meals and a root beer (salad and soup were not included in the meal as we thought we read in the menu) came to $48.  Nice staff but overall a disappointing meal.
The food is authentic and fantastic!! All the entree's and apps I've had here have been superior quality. But I HIGHLY recommended the Chicken Shawarma dinner--it is AMAZINGGG!!!! Best I've ever had!
I've eaten at Bunky's for years. There are many things I love on the menu.  However, they are ALWAYS out of my favorite item, Tiramisu.  The last six or seven times I have been there, I had tiramisu once.  The story is that only ONE person can make this dessert.  Which I find a bunch of bunk.  

Had lunch there yesterday and when asked (by the owner) how the meal was I mentioned never having my favorite.  She must have been having a very bad day.  I heard a bunch of excuses about why there was no tiramisu (including something about adopting a baby?? and going on vacation).  I really was not listening except to the rudeness in her voice.  I am about done with Bunky's. 

Tiramisu should be a special on the menu.  Not something that you are ALWAYS out of.
Bunky's is one of those places on the near east side (Atwood Ave) that is typical for the near east side.  While the West Side is home of souless chains and a few good localy owned places, the near east side is home almost exclusively to locally owned places, where even the ones owned by corporations are still locally owned (Food Fignt, for example).

The inside is eclectic, not corporate.  The staff (owners) know the regulars.  And the food is really good.  I don't just mean well prepared (although it is) and I don't mean served reasonably fast and hot (although it is).  What I mean is you take a bite and you go - that is good.  I mean take notice and say wow.  

Starting from the begining, the lentil soup is very fine, but what I noticed was the side salad.  Every piece of was dressed properly.  No little tub of dressing on the side, intstead each ingredient had been tossed and coated with dressing, as it should.  And the dressing was great.  You just don't get that type of service in most places.

Lunch was Chicken Shwarma and Lamb Kabobs.  Both well prepared and delicious.  And do not forget deserts - large, homemade and great on their own.

I first was going to give Bunky's a four star review.  Inside was a little cold, and it just struck me as a really nice place for lunch or dinner.  Very fine for a date.

But than I thought back to the food, and my first reaction - which was wow, this is really good.  And then everything was good.

Well worth going to, and I will be back
Bunky's is my favorite restaurant. I have been there many times and have always had a delicious meal and great service. Their Pesto Pizza is definitely my favorite pizza in town. I also love the Meat Lasagna, the Bunky's Pasta, the Pesto Fettuccine Alfredo and the Chicken Shawarma. The dressing on their side salad is delightfully bright with wonderful garlic flavor. Lots of gluten free options and save room for dessert.
Sadly last night was a night to forget and bury.  All my prior meals and take out from Bunky's were whisked away with the bad food and service we received.    
For a not so busy night, our waitress was consistently "gone", the food took forever to arrive and then once it came we had to wait 5 minutes for plates to eat off of.  Our dish was supposed to be a delicious seafood dish to share for two.  Instead it was a rubbery overcooked fish trio.  Even the shrimp and the bread were bad.  The salmon and mahi were burnt, the only good part was the rice, hummus and grape leaves.  After the waitress checked in our meal and I said the fish didn't taste good at all she apologized and never asked again, no manager, nothing.  I couldn't wait to get out of there.  
My husband had to console me at Monty's down the street with pecan pie and hot coffee.
Ok.  So I had a bad experience.  So what happened next?
Bunky's wants to make it right and I give them credit for that.  They contacted me, spoke to me on the phone, apologized and want me to come back.  
It's not easy saying something you did was not right or great, so kudos, Bunky's.  Not every business owner would do that.  
I'll update my review once I'm back.
I had heard Bunkys was a great restaurant with decent prices and an eclectic atmosphere. Well I was disappointed to find the food fairly average and prices high.  Atmosphere great, service was ok. Weird vibe from owners. I really don't understand the rave reviews here.  The two entrees were acceptable but not noteworthy by any means. I prefer great food over ambience.  Some must like it the other way around.
Ah! How is it possible for Madison to have so many great lunch spots that are cozy and delicious and have specials that cost $10 or less?! It's enough to make a gal consider a move to the polar vortex...

Not really, but I am awfully happy that I get the opportunities to eat all this deliciousness.

You guys, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma lunch plate that came with enough marinated chicken breasts roasted slowly with vegetables for, um, 3 meals? It was a lot of food, so much so that I got to the point where I was full, but it looked like I hadn't made a dent in my plate. The chicken was also served with rice and hummus and pita and for an extra $1.50 I added some of the best lentil soup I've had in recent memory.

All that and lovely service AND a baked goods display that made me start getting all drool-y just upon first glance? Phew, Bunky's. You are definitely my jam. Looking forward to seeing you again soon!

xoxo,
Tiffany
I've eaten at Bunky's several times over the last few years, and it's usually pretty good. But dinner on Friday night was disappointing. 

I have eaten lunch there more than dinner, and feel like dinner is far too expensive. I opted for the cheapest thing on the dinner menu (Spaghetti & Meatballs for $10.95) and was shocked by how little I got at that price point. A pretty small portion of spaghetti and TWO meatballs?! Everyone at the table exclaimed the same thing at the same time - "ONLY TWO MEATBALLS?!" It tasted very good, but maybe up the number of meatballs? They were a good size, but still. Come on. I am a small person with a pretty small appetite, and this did not fill me up.

Even worse was my friend's Chicken Marka. Again, it tasted very good..but was $14.95 for what wasn't a very large amount.

The food took about 20 minutes to arrive, which was fine because it was a busy Friday night. Our server was also nice, but shamed us when we wanted the bill (between four people) divided. She informed us that their system was "old school" and she'd have to void things and ring up everything again. Well that sucks, but it is not the customer's fault! 

The place is nicely decorated and romantic and accessible. And it's local and they use good ingredients. And yeah, it's awesome that they have gluten-free options. But I'd urge you to eat lunch there, because dinner is not worth your hard-earned dollars.
We went there for dinner last night. Nice location on Atwood in Madison's eclectic Wiilie Street neighborhood. Decor of restaurant kind of matches the funky neighborhood. You kind feel like you're dining in someone's converted house...vintage framed family photos around, mixed - matched tables and chairs...ancient kitchen tools and advertising hang about. 

The comfortable setting was perfect for the Mediterranean and Italian comfort food that soon arrived. We ordered a vegetarian appetizer sampler that included a fantastic baba ganoush, my favorite of the many versions I've had; tabouli, excellent hummus, falafel and tahini. It was more than enough quantity for two people. Almost enough for the meal...

I ordered a very hearty cioppino - fisherman's stew - that was loaded with shrimp, salmon, whitefish and a few veggies - in a thick spicy, tomato broth. Wonderful choice. I was full after a few bites...more for the next day. 

My partner ordered the the chicken kabobs with rice...an excellent choice. Plenty of leftovers.

Freshness of ingredients, great flavors, very large selection of Mediterranean foods and great service made for the perfect evening. There are also many gluten-free options: gf pizza crust, gf pasta

Excellent beer selection...
This place is just awesome.

Bunky's will make you feel like you are sitting down for dinner at your grandma's house. The restaurant itself is pretty small- it can get kind of difficult to squeeze between the tables when it gets really crowded. Service was great.

Food is excellent- everything is perfectly cooked. Super comforting & delicious. Dessert is the star though. SO good.
It's good.  I thought it was on the right track.   Everything was solid.  Deviled eggs, chick sandwich and komboocha tea. Nothing blew my mind,  I'll go back and see what the evening vibe is like.  Glad to have it in the neighborhood.
I wish there was a place where swimming pools were filled with Bunky's hummus. I would lap around luxuriously all day in the smooth perfection and never ever leave.

GET THE FALAFEL PLATE. It comes with this perfect tahini-rich hummus and tabouli. Considering I would give my first born for this hummus in the right situation, this meal has some great value.
Different from all the reviews, my experience  was not that great! Food was over pricey, over rated! I would say they must concentrate on one cuisine rather than having everything on the menu. Also, the name says 'cafe', for it to be a cafe, the food and prices is inappropriate. I would suggest it must concentrate on being good at one rather than being all over the place.
Interesting experience with Bunky's. First trip here was AMAZING. Had Tina's Pasta and thought it was as good as pasta dishes I had in Rome. My wife had the ravioli of the day and that was also delicious. Second trip - not nearly as impressed. Particularly my wife's dish which she sent back. Seafood was freezer burned tasting and like it'd been microwaved. Haven't tried their Mediterranean yet though.
Over priced and under portioned!!!! and it all crap!!!
What a fabulous coffee shop! This place had a nice selection of made to order Starbucks coffees, as well as breakfast sandwiches, lunch options, and all sorts of healthy snacks. 

The staff is rather friendly as well, which always makes the experience that much more enjoyable!
This is a coffee shop deli in the hotel and if your looking for a quick breakfast, lunch or snack this is the best option in the area.  The coffee is better than the sandwiches and even though its a bit pricey its still cheaper to eat here than Rick's Cafe which is one of the few other lunch options in the area.  They have a larger selection of other convenience store type items here as well.
I love the food. It's amazing and prepared fresh.
I had never tried Moroccan food before.  It was absolutely amazing!  I had the cous cous plate with chicken.  It was wonderfully spiced, much more than typical mediteranean food found around Madison.

My friends tried the falafel and said it was also amazing.  It was fresh and moist, unlike alot of falafel you find.

I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant and will be returning soon.  I just hope they make it in their location.  Easy to get to though...
Free WiFi internet available.
- Friendly but very slow service - cook's fault, not the waitress'
- Small portions and overcooked, dry meat
- More bland than I expected. Not terrible though
This is a place with a talented cook.  All the food we had was excellent and well prepared.  The bastilla (slightly sweet chicken pie in filo dough) was delicious and the kofta (meat ball) tagine I had was delicious.  The portions were very generous and I brought home half my entree.  Only problem was lack of a liquor license (it is in the works apparently) and also the annoyigly loud Moroccan CD playing the background that repeated  the same song over and over.  I will certainly go back once they can serve wine and beer.  Although it is not in the best location in the world,  the food was lovely.
6 of us had dinner here this past Sunday evening.  The Moroccan coffee and mint tea were a huge hit.  About half of the group were vegetarian and we had no problem finding something to love.  The meat eaters loved the lamb.  The sauce sampler platter was obviously freshly made.  There were several of us that were wary of the Baba Ghanoush (it is so easy to screw up eggplant!) and we loved it.  My friend needed a decaf tea and although it wasn't on the menu, they did have it available.  Generous portions, almost all of us had leftovers.
As of March, 2011 this place is out of business.  Sad I didn't go more when I had the chance.  Food was great.
I visited Hummus Xpress for the first time yesterday on a referral from a friend.  I am a huge fan of Middle Eastern food, and consider myself to have discerning tastes.  My favorite places include the now shuttered Sabuddy's and Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe in Phoenix.  I have always thought there was a huge opportunity for a restaurant to remake and redefine Middle Eastern food like Chipotle has done to Mexican food.  Hummus Xpress appears to be taking on the challenge.

Upon arrival on Friday around 12pm my friend and I were warmly greeted by who I assume to be the owner and entrepreneur and another line cook.  Now imagine Chipotle: Before us were about 30 different Middle Eastern salads, sides, sauces, hummus to choose from.  You start by picking your menu option: pita, salad, or plate, I believe were the options.  Then you choose your meat.  They had grilled, marinated chicken, beef, gyro, and vegetarian.

I picked the plate and started to load up.   I got a mixture of cooked brocolli, cauliflower, and zuchini, eggplant, purple kale, regular hummus, pickles. jalapenos, tabouli, cucumber, and turkish salad.  My meat selection was gyro and chicken based on the owner's suggestion.  There were about 15 things that I couldn't fit on the plate including a couple rices options, cous cous, several different hummus, lots of sauces, almonds, raisins, olives, you get the point.  I also ordered a side of falafel. The owner was very gracious and offered to let us sample anything before adding it to the plate.  I declined knowing that this place was for real.

The food was magnificent.  All of the vegetables were cook and seasoned well.  All of the salads and sides were incredibly fresh and tasty.  The meat was delicious.  The portion were huge.  I was stuffed upon leaving.  The only thing I didn't care for was the falafel.  They were prepared fresh, but they were too dense, and the tahini wasn't right.  I couldn't tell you exactly what was wrong with them, but if you want proper falafel and tahini go to Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe.

Overall, though, the restaurant is an amazing concept that I believe will satisfy many discerning fans of Middle Eastern food.  It will satisfy herbivores, carnivores, and omnivores alike.  The quality and value is top notch.  And I think the concept is a winner, and I would like to be the first investor!

Best wishes to the owner and team at Hummus Xpress.  I will be there frequently!
UPDATE!

The guys at Hummus Xpress took my criticism of their falafel seriously.  The chef/owner remade the classic falafel into something awesome and unique.  It's now more moist, flavorful, light, and fresh.  It's truly excellent!

And I'd like to highlight their roasted, caramelized eggplant and unique pomegranate baba ganoush.

Hummus Xpress is a phenomenal Middle Eastern dining experience!
My boyfriend and I went not knowing what to expect and we were pleasantly surprised. Tons of options! Think Chipotle but Mediterranean and more side options. Overall VERY satisfied. Great flavors on all the different sides (again, so many options!) Looking for a good meal that's not too pricy? Hummus Xpress for sure. When I went there weren't many drink options. Canned soda and waters were all that you could purchase. I don't drink soda and sometimes water just doesn't hit the spot like a nice tea or other non-carbonated beverage would. I hope that once the business picks up this could be updated to provide other options.

It's a small place, but great menu/decor/atmosphere design inside (something I appreciate a lot).
I hope this local & original place does well.
I would not have known about this place but for friends posting pictures of amazing looking hummus bowls on instagram. This place is tucked into a strip mall that, for whatever reason, I have never had occasion to visit despite living 1/4 mile from it for the majority of my adult life. Although strip mall is generally depressing (it's next to an MMJ doctor and a dry cleaner) the atmosphere is clean and modern if a bit stark. 

A reviewer below mentioned that this is sort of a middle eastern Chipotle, which is a useful comparison. You basically chose a bowl, a pita, or a platter. Each option entitles you to a certain number of meats (or vegetables) and an unlimited number of toppings. The proprietor is more than friendly and guides you through the process, perhaps a bit too thoroughly, but it's great to see an engaged small business owner who cares about his product. 

The food is outstanding. I'm a vegetarian and my girlfriend is vegan and there were plenty of options. Every filling was extremely flavorful in a non-cloying way. Sometimes the prospect of eating vegetables and hummus leaves something to be desired, but dishes like the roasted eggplant, cous cous, and the various hummuses (hummusi?) were so interesting and complex that I was excited to go back and try the dishes I missed. 

I would have given the place 4 stars if not for one quibble - VEGAN TAX. Allow me to explain. Some establishments, this one included, do not deduct a dollar (or two) for omitting meat from the meal. There is no way that hummus costs as much as lamb, so in theory, a vegetarian bowl should reflect the difference in price. Instead of reducing the price accordingly, places that charge the same essentially profit from the difference between the cost of a meat dish and that of a vegan dish. In my opinion, this shouldn't be passed off on vegans/vegetarians, and essentially operates as a tax on vegans. If the guy lowered the price of a veggie pita/bowl/platter, I would go here more often.

Vegan tax aside, the food is great and fresh and the staff is nice. I'll definitely go here again and would recommend it to friends.
I think we have an up and coming Yelp favorite everyone! They have only been open a short time but the quality of the food is quite good. They have it set up so that one  goes through it in sort of an operational line, picking the items one wants in the pita, bowl or the dinner plate size, and the food is basically Lebanese. 

The seasoned rice (yes, I forgot what it is called) is amazing and for vegetarians there is a bevy of no-meat options. I did try the gyros meet with the dinner size option but the grilled eggplant is also quite good. They also have a seasonal veggie option and the day I went it was rainbow kale - kale, how cool is that one folks!

I plan to go back and update my review after a few times but right now I would say this is a culinary gem located, as Juan B notes, in a strip mall, but that is sometimes where you find the best eating experiences, right? Looks like, based on Kory L's review, that I will have to try the falafel next time, sounds delicious! :-)
Delicious!! We've been craving Lebanese food and are so happy that there's a place in the valley that has Lebanese dishes! Awesome concept-- can mix and match tons of middle eastern sides and dishes. All are so good. The falafel, basil cilantro hummus, rice pilaf, and shoug(?), and eggplant are so tasty. Great because you can mix and match to get lots of variety and flavor. The owner is really nice and super friendly too. An ideal place for vegetarians.
Great concept and food. Went in for the first time tonight and got the falafel pita with eggplant and couscous. The falafel was better than most places in town but seemed to fall apart a little too easily. Will definitely be back here
I went to this place because I needed something to eat on my lunch work break and I try to take the fun relatively healthy approach.

This is NOT another Pita Pit. The owner/CHEF Eddie is right there working hard.

It's like gourmet food to go.  He compared it as the Chipotle of Mediterranean cuisine, I agree but even more so. He told me how the pitas come from a local bakery fresh (can't remember name), and he was most exuberant describing everything.

There were a lot of choices and I didn't know where to start because I don't know this cuisine and Eddie was more than happy to put together a pita combination as he is a chef. He asked me if I wanted vegetarian or not and then he went down the line putting a combination together for me on the fly working with my preferences.

When I finally had my pita (see picture) the flavors were awesome! I was tasting something I could very happily eat in a sit down restaurant. I do not know where else you can get such a high quality food quickly and for a decent cost.
This place just created a TASTE-GASM on my tongue !

Best Mediterranean place around Tempe give this place a go !
Drove by this place & made a note to check it out.  Stopped to see what everyone on Yelp thought and that sealed the deal.  

So many options, endless combinations, and a very friendly staff.  The food was delicious and I will definitely be heading back to sample some more.  What a bargain.  I opted for the "plate" which comes with 2 proteins, 2 veggies, 1 salad, toppers, and a sauce, oh! and hummus.  I wound up with chicken, beef, roasted veggies, the kale, chopped salad, hummus, olives, pickles, pita, garlic aioli, and a pita for under $10!
i really loved my falafel pita. i was a little bit skeeeered at first to create my own, ya know, with the classic falafel pita creation being so divine. but i went for it. i added roasted beet hummus, fried eggplant, garlic aioli (put this on everything, please), tatziki and some other goodness. i went there for lunch and seriously though about going back for dinner to try another version. can't wait to go back. solid stuff.
This place is a perfect, healthier option in the Tempe area. The food tastes fresh, the pricing is very good for the amount of food you get and the staff are so friendly. I will definitely eat here again!
I live right near this place and had been meaning to stop by; it is always a pleasure to see a new local business pop up. My fiance's Vegan sister was in town and we needed to get something quick and tasty after a long day. I took orders and left for my one block journey. When I arrived the two gentleman working greeted me with smiles and took some time to get to know me. Everything looked AMAZING! I told them I needed something vegan and Eddie took it upon himself to create a masterpiece of Mediterranean Vegan friendly meals. They let me sample anything I wanted and I ended up with a wonderful gyro bowl with caramelized egg plant, roasted potatoes, and so many other yummy things. I would give this place 5 stars for their customer service alone, but they have amazing food as well.
This place is great!  The owner is the Chef and uses fresh home made from scratch food.  Each dish has delicious flavor!  There are endless combinations!  Even my 2 1/2 yr old son loved it!
Awesome med food, and they got the best gyros. I tried their Lamb gyro which was too good. They got variety of hummas and the way they serve food like chipotle is a good idea and different.
Yum! They really have some very flavorful food, I loved the rice and hummus and the chicken was seasoned and cooked so well, the falafel was my fav.  I worry about food temps, I felt a little queezy a little while after eating, but it passed very fast, and it may not have had anything to do with the meal, but I automatically thought it could have because of how the food appeared...  I won't shy away from trying again if I am in the area...
This place is pretty great.  I was thinking about Hummus Express earlier today because I plan on going tonight and I gleaked.  My mouth began water so much that I sprayed my disgusting spit all over the place like a dilophosaurus.

Dude, try the beet hummus.  It's pink and looks awful and weird but it's amazing.  Their falafel is pretty damn solid.  

I just love it, man.  I love the way it's set up.  I want more people to come and to support this awesome place.
Delicious.  Great falafel.  Always great service and they're always accommodating.  

Also if you're not sure about anything ask if you can taste it, they will gladly let you try anything.
Yummy, fresh, fast Mediterranean . Generous portions and friendly staff. Definitely going to visit here often.
Absolutely wonderful. Speed, price, service and taste! Will be finding excuses to go and take friends too!
This place impressed me so much, that it inspired me to write my first Yelp review. 

I work about half a mile away from this place, and noticed it was newish driving by. For about 2 months, I intended to try it. Today, I finally took the plunge and walked in not knowing what to expect. 

The place is small, and there were only about 4 people sitting at tables, even though there were 3 people working behind the counter. The place is set up kinda like a Chipotle or a Qdoba - you pick the type of meal you want, and right in front of you are all the different options to include. 

I choose a bowl and filled it with both types of rice, chicken, grilled eggplant, red pepper hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, green onions, and feta. It also came with my choice of a regular pita or a whole wheat pita. Everything looked amazing! Upon my first bites I discovered it TASTED amazing. Everything was good on it's own, and it was every better when I started mixing it all together. I devoured the whole thing. It is very easy to eat healthy here, since everything is so fresh and so tasty. 

I strongly urge everyone to try this place -- they need to stay open so I can solidify it as my regular lunch spot. 

The customer service was superb too -- they explained to me how the meals worked and even let me try the hummus since I must have looked distraught over having too many options. 

My bowl and my pita rang in for less than $8. Fantastic!
Can't say I'm a fan. Sad cuz I love hummus. The pita was hard to choke down, it iis served cold and it was very dry. However, the place is very clean and a cool atmosphere. I will give them another try and get something different. Maybe it was just an off day.
Outstanding food! Gary (one part of my Dining Trio) and I were hungry after attending a conference. We were cruising by the choices on Broadway and saw "HUMMUS" on the strip mall store. That made me curious. So, we adventured into the restaurant to give it a try. Very worthwhile!

Whether you are a vegan, vegetarian or meat eater, you will find something you love here. The staff was very engaging, friendly and helpful. It took a few minutes to wrap our heads around how the choices work. You can engineer your own great meal, picking and choosing by sight what you want.

One thing: if you like falafel, try it here! It was some of the best. And I used to eat it when I traveled in the Middle East. Gary and I shared the largest plate and had a blast trying this and that, and adding this topping and that topping. The eggplant was pretty darn yummy, too.

Go in with a sense of adventure, and try the offerings. Try new tastes and open up your world to new flavors and textures. This type of food is very healthy. It was a fun dining experience and I wish Hummus were in Tucson. I'd be a regular!
this place is like a greek chipotle. you can be an healthy or unhealthy as you would like, but everything is great! its quick and easy and great for a quick fresh lunch. i would definitly recommend this place!!
I like this place, the food is fresh and authentic. Prices are good too think of it like a Mediterranean Chipotle style place. I always get the pita and have it topped with whatever I am feeling for lunch that day. Check it out if your'e in the neighborhood you will enjoy it.
We came here for dinner tonight. Five stars for the service alone. Granted we were the only customers in the building, but the owner/chef really went above and beyond to please us on our first visit. Really, I was blown away.

The food was good. I could tell that some of the items had been sitting out for a while. But I do not fault them for it. Why? Because it was completely dead inside. According to the owner/chef, they are extremely busy during lunch hours, but traffic slows down severely around dinnertime. Given that, they at least had every advertised item available, and most of it looked and tasted fresh.

So come on, people. Try this place for dinner sometime. Not only will the owner thank you, but so will the rest of the dinnertime customers.
Like other reviewers said the owner is very nice. We decided to try this since we read all the positive reviews on yelp. 

We did not like the the food being cold. (Chicken, potato) Did not feel like fresh just cooked food.  We went in around 2pm.
We picked this place based on yelp reviews.  Thanks!! This is now our "go to" for gyros.
This place offers a nice amount of toppings, awesome make your own pita/plate/bowl.

Please give this local business a shot.
I actually stumbled upon this place by chance.  I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite in between sessions of my daughter's swim championships.  I was going to go to the juice bar next door but it turned out to be a diet/nutrition place with a membership requirement, so I started talking to Eddie at Hummus Xpress.  He was so incredibly personable and accommodating that I had to give his restaurant a shot.  Everything smelled amazing so it made it an easier decision.

First, let me reiterate....Eddie, the owner, is forthright, honest, and incredibly nice.  As previously mentioned, the concept is like a Mediterranean Chipotle with the difference being this is locally owned and sourced food with lots of organic, vegan friendly, and fresh food.  You pick your choice of bowl, plate, or pita and then add main meat or vegetable component, added toppings such as hummus(6 kinds made fresh daily), tabouli, etc.  From there, you pick topping of sauces, hot sauces, olives, tzatziki amd more.  

Eddie will let you sample whatever you would like.  The gyro mean is so tasty but I rolled with the slow roasted braised beef.  All I can say is you must try this place, whether or not you are in the area.  It will be well worth your time.
I'm constantly serching for quick healthy lunch options. This place is exactly what I was looking for!  It's basically like a Mom and Pop Chiptole with Mediterranean Food. Everything was colorful, fresh, healthy. I will be adding this to my frequent lunch spots!
Tried this place for the first time and was very impressed. The owner/chef made a ton of helpful (and delicious) suggestions, the food was great and the price was on point. We went mid-afternoon time and the food tasted freshly made. Also worth mentioning-this place is very allergy/vegetarian/vegan friendly.
So glad I found this gem! My favorite place in Phoenix Metro now. Price is great for what you get and every item is so tasty and well-seasoned and most items are pretty healthy too. The owners are really nice and very accommodating and I recommend everyone try it :-)
You can't find a place within 30 miles of ASU that has the quality of healthy food for the price , it is a friendly place with a character you do not find  in the franchises that serve inferior food at a higher price. The food is fresh, healthy, and very  priced ....only a walk from the ASIA campus. Best find for me this summer !
The owner is from Lebanon, and knows some authentic food. The place opened near my house and their sides for food are great. They cook it more authentic than other "pita" joints that just toss some kebab meat on a pita and call it a day. This is the only place that has awesome sides like tabouli salad and roasted eggplant that comes with your meal. They've been known to have live music and crazy business at lunch. Honestly, they have some of the best food and should get recognized for it!
The food is fantastic, the prices are low, and the staff is super friendly.  This is my favorite lunch spot bar none!
My husband and I were excited to try yet another mostly vegetarian restaurant (don't worry carnivores...they have meet too!)

We each got a "bowl" - I loaded mine with Falafel, saffron rice, broccoli, eggplant (YUMMMY), cilantro & jalapeno hummus, cucumbers, onions, cilantro, tzaziki(?) sauce and shung sauce...

The Falafel were REALLY good...closest I've had in the states since I ate them in Israel. The flavors of all the veggies were really nice...and it came with a pita as well

Definitely a great place to go if you like hummus and mediterranean flavors!

We will definitely return :)
This place is great!  I had lunch at Hummus Xpress for the first time today and I will be back for more.

I had a "bowl" and filled it with rice pilaf, gyro meat, ginger glazed carrots, jalapeno cilantro hummus, lentil kale salad and chose the whole wheat pita.  There are lot's of combinations to choose from and I will what to give them all a try.

Don't be put off by the neighborhood, it's industrial and little dated.  The food is great, the service is great, and it's easy find and to get to.  Recommended!
I am half way done eating my meal and I couldn't yelp this place fast enough!  I got a plate with beef and gyro.  The beef was a recommendation by a employee.  The beef was/is AMAZING!  The meats were all warm.  The carrots were spicy and delish!  They gave me a ton of kalamata olives which I LOVE.  The portions are beyond generous.  

This place is top notch and I will definitely be back!
First time visiting and everyone was very friendly. One employee walked me through each of the options and let me try everything before. I definitely recommend this place for lunch in Tempe!
Absolutely awesome concept! Tons of vegetarian and vegan options (all labeled such) for building a plate, pita sandwich or bowl.  Way too many things to list, but I chose a bowl with rice, 1 veggie, 1 hummus, and falafal served with a side of pita. 

Owner is great if you're a first timer walking you through the options and makes great suggestions. Highly recommend for lunch or dinner - seriously - GO HERE!
I love middle eastern food and this didn't disappoint. All the hummus flavors were amazing. Large portions and great prices also!
What an amazing alternative restaurant! Employees were so helpful with explanations, and my meal was oddly amazing - coming back for sure, and adding it to my top 5 vegan options!!!!
I'm so glad I found this restaurant on yelp today.  Amazing food!!!  The other reviewers are right!  You won't be disappointed. :-)
So delicious! Great for veg and nonveg ppl. The food is actually flavorful and pretty healthy. The service is also amazing really genuine and sincere. Loved it and would recommend it for lunch!
I stumbled upon this place on yelp, saw the amazing reviews and decided I had to give-er-a-go.  The ordering process is a little confusing but the employees are very helpful. I believe the owner  made my bowl of awesome, and he was very cheery.  I was a little hesitant on how I would like the food because all of the ingredients were pretty much piled on each other, but I was very surprised that all the flavors mixed perfectly together.  I ordered the bowl and had gyro, saffron rice, roasted potatoes, onions, tomatoes, green onions, chipotle hummus, lentil salad, garbanzo beans, feta cheese and just a touch of tahini sauce.  I was starting to feel a little full halfway through the bowl, but the food was so great that I couldn't put it down.  I'll definitely be back and I'm really excited that there is finally a good restaurant in that strip mall!!!
Been to this place twice. I live in New Mexico. I was there a second time because I made sure to book the same hotel so I'd be close to this place.

SO good. Lemonade with rosewater! Braised kale. Delicious chick pea and lentil salads. GREAT falafal. Good tzaziki. YUMMY baklavah.

Had leftovers that I scarfed a few hours later at my hotel. I have a roving palate, but there was nothing I wanted more than more of my Hummus Xpress. 

Call first. I was sad to find out they were closed pretty early on the weekends.
I need to Xpress my appreciation for this place.

Hummus Xpress is all about cafeteria-style, mix and match Mediterranean food.  You start with a plate, a bowl, or a pita, then pick a meat (or an non-meat, or no meat), some veggies (lots of choices), some hummus (or not) and then a salad and rice (or not), and then maybe a sauce (or not).  Do it yourself--get a lot of a little or a little of a lot--however you want it.  There's always many choices.

Their hummus is shot through with kale and cilantro--enough to add greens and a little spice, but not too much.  Falafel?  Fala-full of flavor.  Nothing is pre-made, EVERYTHING is fresh.  Great taste, great price, nice and fast, extreme service.  Good for lunch or dinner or a snack.  Veggie friendly.

Work nearby? Lunch.  Live nearby?  They deliver.  Do it.
Hot pink hummus? Now you're speaking my language. This place is like a delicious choose your own Mediterranean flavor adventure. 

You can get a pita, salad or bowl and fix it up the way you want- sort of like Chipotle or Cafe Rio. Everything I tried was outstanding. I had two kinds of hummus- beet and cilantro. The star for me was beet. It was slightly sweet and so pretty on the plate- neon pink!

The chicken was tender and flavorful and the bowl had saffron rice which was also a delight. The tzatziki sauce had a slight spicy kick which I've never had, but ended up really enjoying as well. 

The owner was working the counter and he was so nice. I really hope this place does well. 

I'll be back for sure!!
Hummus Xpress is legit! One of the best fast-casual restaurants in the Valley. Metro Phoenix is lousy with Mediterranean restaurants, and that's a good thing. I had a conversation with the owner about this, and we both agreed that Pita Jungle played a big part in spreading the growing acceptance and consumer love for this delicious cuisine. 

The Mediterranean restaurants in town are all pretty damn good for the most part. I would be hard-pressed to pick a favorite. This one is right up there at the top of the list. In fact, I may just go ahead and make a list. 

The way you order here is similar to eating at Chipotle or Q-doba, but instead of tortillas you're getting a pita and different fixings... except cheese. Pretty much everything you could pile onto a plate here is healthy, and it's all fresh. This would definitely make this a great place to try as your first foray into this type of food if you're a virgin.

The kitchen is immaculate and you can see it all from the dining room. The service is friendly and quick. And of course, the food is fresh and absolutely delicious. Since you get to pick what you want to eat, if you don't like it - it's pretty much your fault. I had a pita with beef and fixings, while my girlfriend had a chicken plate (which also comes with a pita, but you get extra protein). We both ate ourselves stuffed. 

This strip used to be kinda dead - this spot used to be an always-empty Chinese place where the owner didn't give a shit anymore, but the new owner cleared out all remnants of what it used to be and transformed it into something great. The neighbor at Detroit Coney Grill did the same thing, and now this strip is bustling. 

Hummus Xpress delivers (like actually delivers food to your door), so there's really no excuse to not try it. It was easy to give 5 stars here... I love this place. I will most definitely be back.
Went here for a quick lunch, was mightily impressed by the choices, combinations, and flavors. I chose to do a plate and selected the grilled tomatoes, lamb, and chicken schwarma. I proceeded to try the lentil salad, and other sides. There were many different types of hummus and sauces to choose from. I can't wait to come back and try the others!.
One of my favorite places to go. The staff is very friendly and always making great recommendations for the perfect dish. The food itself is truly delicious, and there are so many options to try for a low cost.
I want to preface my review with the fact that my Mediterranean knowledge is based on a handful of places in the valley; some better than others, (in my opinion).  At the risk of the yelp*ing community throwing themselves off Camelback mountain, I have to say that Pita jungle sort of sets the bar for me when it comes to overall taste, portion size, and quality.  Having said that, I was fortunate to try Hummus Xpress (hard to take the place serious with the name) this afternoon.  Based on the reviews alone, I was expecting a lot and was not disappointed. Live music, handful of tables, not much of a line and fairly straightforward system of ordering.  If you read more than two other reviews, I don't have to repeat the process.  It was nice to get some guidance from the line, though I was a little confused by the pricing aspect: .60 cents per item on veggies.  I wasn't clear if that was across the menu or just that region but I was so aware of it that it kept me from really wanting to pile on anymore than a single veggie.  Portion size was adequate, the bowl can hold a lot of food and you fill the bowl easily with delicious ingredients.  I sampled a few flavors of hummus and too be honest, I prefer my hummus warm which this was not but was still tasty.  What seems like a limited menu actually is fairly vast and it would be possible to have the same thing twice only by accident.  Pitas were soft and warm and the iced tea was special.  Push-button iced tea is an abomination so it was nice to see handwritten exotic flavors that didn't make you roll your eyes.  Hummus Xpress (*sigh) is now in the rotation and on the board for a good quality lunch.
Delicious! Lots of healthy options, and I love that I could go here every day and get something totally different. The owners are great too- really friendly, helpful and they listen to your input. When they first opened, they only had bottled teas and fountain soda- I was bummed that I couldn't get brewed iced tea. Now they have unique teas and delicious lemonade as well. Even if you think you don't like Mediterranean food you should try this place- it's great!
Staff was friendly and helpful. Food was delicious and full of delicious flavors! Located in a section of town with so many fast food places, this is a welcome find for a healthy delicious meal!
Good gyro's. Great selections for toppings. Quick service. Ok hummus.
Tried this for the first time today with my room mate. I insisted on Burger King, and thank goodness we didn't go there! This place is authentic, tasty, cheap and filling. I'm currently rolling around in bed making whale noises because I cannot believe how much middle eastern food I just consumed. I will definitely recommend and tell all my middle eastern cuisine loving college student friends that this is the spot!!
Yum, yum, yum!! Have been wanting to try this place for several months now and today I finally did. The owner walked me thru the process since it was my first time and I filled up the bowl with lots of goodies!! I can't wait to go back.....maybe tomorrow!!
It was okay, nothing really amazing. I was craving Mediterranean food and found this place on Yelp. For the amount of food you get, the price is pretty good. I got the plate to share with my dad and it was huge. The pita was good. The rest was quite salty, with a kind of pickled taste to it? The people who were working were so nice though. They explained how everything worked because I was obviously clueless lol.

If you need a quick fix of Mediterranean food, come here. I've had better and am willing to wait for someone to cook my food and really enjoy it.
We went here on a recommendation from someone else, and at one point my wife even said she was upset it took us so long to find this place.  Food was good, staff was friendly, and for the amount of food you get, the price is very reasonable.  We'll be back.

Also, they told us they're open until 9 PM on weekends, and they deliver now.  So don't trust the hours above.
I was only in Phoenix two days and ate here twice, that should tell you something! Pick a pita, bowl, or plate and call out your favorites. You get proteins, vegetables, rice, hummus and add ons and sauces, so lots of possible combinations. The falafel were great, fried eggplant was friggin' delicious. Hummus came in at least six different flavors, I tried the chipotle and roasted red pepper, both were fantastic. Tabbouleh fresh, lentil kale salad was off the chain. Service at the counter was above average. Maybe i need to move to Phoenix.
This place rocks. Service and food are both great. Would definitely recommend you stop in and try it out
I saw this place for the first time tonight and turned around to see what it was about. I really enjoyed the fact that they served healthy food and veggies in a quick and easy way. The hummus was very good and the choices were many. I went with the bowl for dinner and was pleasantly full and best of all my body actually knew what it ate. i will most definatly be back.
This place turned out to be a VERY nice surprise. It is definitely similar to Chipotle but the quality of food here is much better in my opinion. Im only comparing it to Chipotle due to the similarites as making your order and choosing what you would like. Fresh cooked veggies, variety in meat and hummus. You also get rice and toppings as well. 

Easy quick dinner to pick up and take home and its very filling...and given that you pretty much cannot get anything that's unhealthy here you dont feel as guilty after you stuff your face and devour the whole bowl :)
It's a small place, with great customer service and most importantly really great tasting food. Can't beat it for a casual and quick bite to eat at reasonable prices.
Yep, that's 5 stars. I've been waiting to write my 100th review for someplace special. This place is great. Very much as everyone has reported previously it's a Mediterranean Chipotle, but better.  It's a small place in an older strip mall but nice inside. You get a choice of everything. I ordered a bowl with the most beautifully marinated, tender chicken, grilled zucchini, cooked kale, a quinoa salad with garbanzos in lemony dressing, jalapeo and cilantro hummus, extra toppings and a whole wheat pita. So much food but healthy. A lot of garlic which I'm sure all of my co-workers appreciated since I ate it at my desk. But I'm fairly sure they were just jealous they weren't eating it. All this for about $8.  Highly recommend.
I love this place! It's like chipotle, except you make a pita instead of a burrito! Everything is fresh and delicious, and the owner and staff are super nice and explain it all very well. Thanks for giving Tempe some more vegetarian options!
If you like garlic, you'll love Hummus Xpress. They do not hold back! I don't know if it was any one item or everything but I had garlic mouth for the rest of the night. Luckily my boyfriend and I both got dinner so it was okay - haha!

But besides sweating garlic I really liked this place. I love the Chipotle-style way of doing the food. I got a bowl with rice, beef, carrots, quinoa salad, classic hummus and tahini sauce. Everything was super fresh and flavorful. Some of the beef pieces were a tad on the dry side but overall it was good. Maybe it had been sitting a while? Also, the tatziki sauce was too strong for my taste so I would skip that next time. It's a lot of food. I ate half and was full so if you're like me you can easily get two meals out of a bowl.

Boyfriend has been looking for good falafel for a while now and he said it was very good. It must have been because he ate it all before I could try any!

The guys working behind the counter were really nice too. They were very patient and explained everything to us noobs. I will definitely be back for more!
Service 5/5: owner and employees were very helpful and genuine. 

Food 5/5: I am Lebanese and while my family does some dishes slightly different it is overall really good. I respect the fact that they don't hold back on garlic in the hummos    

Overall experience 5/5: they really made the place look nice from what it previously was, food and service very good
This place is an awesome change from the norm. Great food, cool people, and lots of options. I will be coming back.
Experienced hummus xpress for the first time tonight, and truly enjoyed the experience! The staff was very friendly and helpful and guided me through making my dish. The food was great! I am a fairly picky person and was pleased to find that I loved it! Definitely recommend!
This place was TASTY!! It was a bit confusing at first figuring out how to order, but the owner was great and explained it all. I ended up with a hummus bowl + falafel for only like $5. The falafel were fresh and I liked both hummus's (hummusi? hummuses? hummus's?). I tried the red pepper and jalepeno ones. 

They also have shug. For those of you that don't know, shug is incredible. It's so spicy and amazing and no falafel/hummus feast is complete without it, yet it's annoyingly hard to find here. Hummus Xpress has deliciously fiery lovely shug that made my day. 

Overall, great place to check out and hopefully they open more locations!
Damn, yea this place is great. I like the comparison to Chipotle, it definitely fits.
Its well priced, I got 2 meals for $8-9. 
Standard Mediterranean faire, and well done. You could make all sorts of combos out of their selection.
Definitely check it out either for lunch or dinner.
I have been here a couple of times now and love the variety of food and its very filling.
Amazing food and wonderful service! I wasn't sure how the setup worked but the staff was very friendly, made great recommendations, and they let me sample a few things as well! A bowl has a lot of food- neither my boyfriend nor I could finish it! I love that they offer falafels as a vegetarian option, and the beet hummus is a must try (I don't even like beets). Go here NOW!
Hummus Xpress was quite the pleasant surprise.  I enjoyed the variety of options, friendly/prompt service, and the fresh quality of food. It was very affordable and a great place to lunch it up. The establishment was clean(a big deal).
I have to say that I was taken aback by the freshness and quality of the food here. I was a little nervous about eating at a place in a strip mall, but am very happy that I was convinced to do so. The food was delicious, the staff was very helpful in helping me pick out items, and the portions are extremely generous. The staff described the setup/ordering as "Chipotle, for Mediterranean food". This place kicks that 'C' word restaurant's butt. Cannot wait to return. Rice, veggies, gyro meat, hummus, feta cheese, sauce, and pita were all delicious. I'm salivating while typing this up... sorry keyboard :)
So based on the outrageous reviews I just stopped here for lunch.  They must be padding their reviews based on my experience. I ordered a pita with grilled chicken, jalapeo hummus and kale.  I also ordered a side of falafel.  The pita was ok enough.. Nothing really special with it or the chicken.  It was nice to have kale, one of my favs, as a topping.  The falafel was brought out to my table and was really dark brown turning to blackish. I tried part of one and they were disgusting.  I took them back to the counter and being full from the pita, told the guy I didn't want anything else but they should be a bit more care because the falafel was way too fried.  He promptly told me I didn't know what I was talking about.  That he's from Lebanon and has eaten falafel his whole life.  I said it's still over fried.  He then ask me if I wanted him to give it to me raw because he could do that...I turned, said 'interesting customer service here' and left.  I'd never go back and would recommend you don't either.
I eat here about twice a week. Eddie, the owner and chef, is super passionate about his food, and he and the whole crew are always friendly. Every meal I've ordered has been delicious and fresh. I love the different hummus options, and the falafel is really special with lots of herbs. The food is served Chipotle style, with lots of different fillers and toppings. Eat here, you will not regret it!
The concept of this restaurant is comparable to Chipotle. You pick pita, bowl or plate, then you pick what goes inside.
I was really confused at first becasue the order of the menu on the wall was from right to left and not left to right. I wonder why...
The gal behind the counter realized quickly that we were new and started explaining the menu. I picked the pita option and some random ingredients I thought they would taste good together. The whole thing turned out amazing. You can ask for sauces and rice on the side.
A bonus to this place is the free iced tea check in offer. They had 3 very refreshing flavors: green, peach lavender, and mango. I took a cup to go and sipped on it for the rest of the day.
Great staff and great food. Enough options to have some variety each visit...or you can just stick to your favorite combos. My mouth's watering just thinking about today's lunch.  I'll definitely be back.
This place is awesome. I went there for the first time today. I asked them how the menu combinations work, I also explained that I am vegan. They took their time to explain the menu to me, which I liked. There are so many different combinations you can throw together. Lots of meat for those that like that and plenty of fillers such as roasted veggies, salads, toppings and fantastic hummus. I got a bowl with a pita on the side. I would do a plate next time for dinner. The bowl is perfect for lunch. You get your choice of wheat or white pita.
The staff is so respectful and helpful. I will definitely make this one of my regular weekly places to eat. Very excited to have found this place!
After reading the other reviews, I'm pretty much just seconding most of them.  It really is like a Mediterranean Chipotle:  Pick your size, pick your rice, pick your veggies, pick your meat, pick more veggies, pick your hummus, pick your sauce.  It's awesome, very delicious, everything fresh.  

Price is "fair".  Not expensive, not cheap.  Just fair.  My meal with a drink is like $10.

The owner/manager was also incredibly helpful in recommendations, descriptions, etc.  Great guy.

Even had a couple of kids playing sax/guitar a few times, if that's your thing.
My new favorite place for gyros.  They have so many fillings to choose from you will never run out of combinations.  Like other reviewers have posted, it's like chipotle but for Mediterranean food.  The food tastes great.  I tried the jalapeo hummus and was very pleased.  First time having kale in a gyro and it was very tasty.  Their tea is really good also.  They have mango, peach, and regular. This will be my go to place when I'm in town for business.

Update:  I just got a free baklava!  Flaky, sweet, buttery goodness.  Thank you!
I am soooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited about this place!! Quick and delicious! Just as another reviewer described, it's like the Mediterranean  version of Chipotle. You do order from right to left, you get to pick your rice, meat and veggie, hummus and as many toppings as you would like (like olives, and, other things... yeah, I was only interested in the olives) 

I was actually expecting the food not to be too fresh since it's basically served buffet style, but it was surprisingly fresh and perfect! I had the gyro meat and I honestly think it's the best gyro meat I've had in Tempe so far. Super moist and flavorful and it didn't give me indigestion! The hummus was really good, I had the plain one (If someone can't make plain hummus right, then there is no point in trying the flavored ones) It was good!!! I asked if it was made in house or bought, they told me everything is made in house.

Even the drinks were exciting! I had lavender-peach tea. It was fresh and I loved that it wasn't sweetened. Don't forget to check in and get a free tea! 

This will definitely be a regular lunch spot for me....how can you beat cheap, fresh and delicious?
This place is fantastic.  I had their bowl with beef, fried eggplant, saffron rice, classic hummus, and the kale salad.  I work close-by and plan on bringing my co-workers in.  This is definitely on the regular lunch spot rotation.  The peach-lavender tea was also lovely. Everything was very fresh.  Try it out! You won't be disappointed! 
:)
Bland food. Serving wasn't well eg rice was cold, gyro wasn't well done, etc. kale wasnt well cut... not recommended.
I finally had the chance to make it over here after having this place bookmarked for like 5 months now. Just like every other review said before this one, the concept is like a chipotle but with Middle Eastern ingredients. I got as much as I could fit in the plate of awesomeness to include: rice, gyro meat, roasted eggplant, carrots, chipotle hummus, tabouli salad, tzatziki, lettuce and shug (many different spellings of this word). Also, a choice of wheat or white pita was also included. Overall the food was good and I would definitely come back to have some more. The only negative that happened was that they ran out of tahini sauce. Not the biggest deal, but Mediterranean food would be complete without it. Hopefully this place will be able to expand to other locations.
The food is very good to the point of being unique.  

You can get most of what is served here elsewhere, if you stop at several different restaurants, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find a single place that does what Hummus Xpress does.

This is the third or fourth time I've been here but  it occurred to me today that if you're one of those people who doesn't like their food touching this might not be the place for you since everything kind of goes into one big pile.  Frankly it makes for some very interesting flavors, but it may not be for everyone.
Delicious! Quick! Easy!  So glad we tried Hummus Xpress.  My chicken pita was great but I didn't expect so many delicious salad and side options too.  Can't wait to come back again and try more
I love this place. The food is great and you get a lot of food for your money. The staff is very friendly and considerate. BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! Put on some gloves!!! It is disgusting! I think this is mostly the younger guys that work here and not the owner. One young man had two gloves on, one had one glove on. He grabbed plates and pitas with his bare hands, and the cashier had no gloves on. I watched the cashier touch money, touch food items, then touch money again. Luckily he didn't handle any of my food, I would have politely asked him to put gloves on. He did scoop a side of sauce for us sans gloves, he dipped his finger in the first cup, he tossed that one, scooped another and spilled it on his hand. He then went back to cashiering. This grosses me out to no end. So unsanitary. Please please please educate your employees on food handling!
I love this place! My boyfriend and I come here all the time and the owner always remembers us. The food is amazing with great service and a reasonable price! The falafels are made the order and the lamb melts in your mouth. Amazing Mediterranean food!
Super friendly staff that stayed open a little later so we could get our fix! Beet Hummus, Kale salad, fresh falafel! I highly recommend EVERYTHING on the menu. Seriously, it's quick and delicious! A rarity in a sea of fried fast-food "restaurants".
I really liked the concept of picking your own toppings, etcetera. Each item I picked was well done and tasted great. I was impressed.  The flavor blended well together on the plate. The portion was sizable. 

I have it four stars as the meat had been sitting and was ok and the pita was reheated and dried out. 

I will go back for sure.
The food is delicious! Go! Your taste buds will thank you. So much flavor in one bowl and everything individually, every hummus, every salad is amazing. Been to Mediterranean places and paid 30 dollars for a dish and in comparison they were garbage. Staff is very friendly, helpful and welcoming. I'll be back.
I can not get over this place. The food was amazing, the service was amazing, oh and did I mention that the food was out if this world? 
Honestly was not expecting much, my boyfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try something healthier... So we went in, split a plate and a hummus bowl, and had left overs. The food was so good, we are going back again tomorrow for more. I have a feeling I will be a regular. ;)
Fantastic food and the best part is I can get what ever I want on my plate just like chipotle .
I recommend hummus xpress to everyone who likes good Mediterranean food! The combo choices offer anything you can think of- a great selection of meats, hot and cold veg, hummus, and sauces. My boyfriend and I got to sample ALL of the hummus options and it was so hard to pick which was best because they were ALL unique and delicious! I got the "bowl" which is the smallest of the combo meals, but it was very filling and satisfying AND I have leftovers for lunch tomorrow.
Finally, the service was tremendous! The gentlemen serving the food were very knowledgable and were eager to give recommendations :)
Went for the first time yesterday with a friend for lunch, right at the height of noon.  They were busy, but handling the rush.  I had a falafel plate, and while I had a short wait for the falafel, the taste of everything was outstanding.  My plate was falafel, eggplant, regular hummus, rice, some veggies and goat cheese with a regular pita (wheat was an option).  My friend had chicken.  We both left full and happy!!  Very affordable for a fresh lunch option in Tempe, healthy and filling as well.  I will definitely be back.  Glad to be the 100th review  Whoo hoooo.
I'm so excited to come back here!! They had the friendliest workers and willing to recommend different items. Hummus was amazing I got the cilantro jalapeo and the spicy. They were phenomenal! I will be bringing friends here to try it out. This is definately one if my favorite places now. Quick easy delicious you can't go wrong!!! It's a must try
Amazing restaurant!  Love the concept of picking your own combinations of food. Great flavor and very unique!  Love all the different types of hummus, veggies, and meats. Great place if you are vegan or gluten free! Love their friendly staff that let's you try samples of hummus. The owner, Eddie, is passionate about the food he serves and is very hospitable.  Very tasty!!
This is one of my favorite places to go for dinner. They provide a rare combination of health and taste, tradition and innovation!

Be sure to try the creative types of hummus that they make and the garlic aoli. 

The staff is very hospitable and they will take the time to guide you through the process.

This is one of the few restaurants that will make you crave vegetables. I encourage you to try the ginger carrots, roasted eggplant, and the various ways that they prepare kale.

I have nothing but good things to say about Hummus Xpress.
This place is amazing. Nice little gem in Tempe. A nice variety of hummus my favorite being the chipotle hummus. The food is fresh and delicious and the staff is friendly and very good service. Enjoy!!!!
Honestly. Go here if you care about eating great tasting, healthy food and supporting a unique local business. It's like chipotle for Mediterranean food. Delicious.
It's so easy to eat healthy when food tastes so good!
The Best & Healthiest Mediterranean place nearby! Must try if you are in the neighborhood.
First time trying this place, and for sure won't be the last time. It was awesome! The service was awesome after telling the person who served us that this was our first. He explained in detail and let us try some samples before we bought. This place will be on our radar from now on when choosing a place to eat.
This place is great. Awesome hummus and great veggie options. Meat has always been good and you can get lunch for under $8.
The Chipotle of the Mediterranean. Fresh, flavorful and fast. The tea tasted like it was actually brewed in the back, not from a mix. I hadn't ever been here before, but if I lived or worked in this area I'd be a regular.

The menu was a bit confusing but essentially you choose a meat, rice, hummus and other toppings. The Yelp check in bonus was a free iced tea. The serving sizes were generous enough that I couldn't finish it all for lunch, and all of the flavors went together really well. Plenty of vegetarian and low carb options since you could trade something out for the meat or rice portions of the dish.

Staff was friendly and helpful even with a busy lunchtime crowd. I needed sugar for my tea since there wasn't any at the beverage station and someone ran into the back to get me some. Unfortunately, he came back with salt, which I dumped in and then nearly gagged at. Second time was the charm though, and the tea was great.
Wow! This place has PER-SON-NAL-I-TY!

The guys that cook, serve and own this place are REALLY nice guys, and the food is VERY authentic.  For people who have a 100% Americanized palate, it might be a tad different for your tastes, but if you like meat, no meat, hummus, no hummus, tzatziki (sp?), or veggies, you should definitely stop by.  

To be honest, the food is really great, but it's the personalities of the people that work there that will keep me coming back.  I KNOW that I will leave in a good mood after having lunch there. :)
I would say the good is pretty alright here. There were a lot of bold flavors that I don't think I was ready for, but it was good nonetheless. Right when we got there, the two men behind the counter were very nice and welcoming. The heat though, was not welcoming. We chose to get our food to go because there was no way we could sit in that room to enjoy our meal. 
Anyways, the guys made our meal easy to choose from all the choices and were very helpful as we were first timers. If you can, get the tea. I think I enjoyed that more than the actual meal. Great service, and I can see good for others, just not my thing I don't think.
Food is very very bold here with lots of distinct flavors. Was recommended by the dudes behind the counter to go with the bowl. Comes with rice, 1 meat, 1 veggie, 1 salad and as many fix-in toppings your heart desires. Cucumbers, feta cheese, pickled radishes, and tzatziki sauce. On the side was warm pita bread. Also took advantage of the yelp check in for a free tea. 

The only thing that bothered me was the temperature inside of the restaurant. It was so warm that I felt like I had just entered a sauna. We had no choose but to order to-go.
Bold flavors, super fresh ingredients, and VERY friendly employees. This place is like Chipotle for Mediterranean food, without the chain restaurant feel. We stopped here after arriving at PHX and picking up our rental car at the Enterprise right down the street. We were totally starving and Yelp saved the day! We must have looked a little lost when we walked in because an employee immediately offered to walk us through the process. I ordered a bowl with saffron rice, gyro meat, roasted red pepper hummus, lentils, and lots of fresh veggies. It was absolutely delicious. And there was a check-in offer for one of their fresh brewed teas - score! All in all, this place deserves 5 stars. I would seriously eat at Hummus Xpress multiple times a week if I lived in the area.
amazing place!!
I must say, it has been YEARS since i have been so excited about a restaurant as I was when I walked in to Hummas Xpress.  Food was awesome, portion was awesome, the staff was so friendly.  At one point I felt like I was being cheered on by all as I ordered each element of my platter... It was awesome.

Nice date night place too.  We took our food to go, but it was setup so nicely that next time we will have it to stay and enjoy ourselves a bit longer.
I got a bowl. There is a good variety of options for meat and vegetarian entrees. Flavor for saffron rice, tabouleh, and gyro good. The texture to the gyro meat was a bit mushy, like it had been sitting the steamer bin for a long time. The grilled eggplant was more on the burnt than grilled. Classic hummus was spot on, good. My visit was at a little after 130pm. 

The foil bowl is deceiving in how filling it is. Filled with a meat or veggie entree, rice, salad, veggie side, hummus and a pita!

Would be willing to go back, try some other options like falafel and the lentil salad.

Service was nice. She asked if I had ever been there before. And since it was my first time she walked me through ordering.
Large portions and very fresh and flavorful.
I had a plate consisting of chicken, lamb, hummus, and several veggies and sauces.  
They have a large selection of humus and yummy dishes. Several are quite spicy so be careful.
 If I lived here I would be a regular. I just ate and I want to go back for more. Would make a great take out too.
We happened on this place by accident the other day. We were waiting for our car to be done at the mechanic so we wandered down Broadway, saw this place and decided to grab some food... Best accident ever! 

We were greeted by a very friendly staff, who explained how it all worked. Basically, they're a self-proclaimed Mediterranean Chipotle, but SO MUCH BETTER! 

You have a choice of a pita, a bowl or a plate. We chose a plate, and opted to share it, and it was more than enough food! You get saffron rice, and then choose your veggie (we went with grilled zucchini and kale), and your protein (chicken, falafel, gyro, beef), we chose gyro. Then you move down and pick your hummus, they usually have 3 or 4 different flavours (we went with cilantro jalapeno), and salad (we got tabouleh). But wait! You're not done yet! Then you pick your "accessories": diced onions, pickles, olives, lettuce, tomatoes, etc etc. All designed to compliment your meal. We went with diced onions, pickles and kalamata olives. 

Oh my goodness. This was seriously the best $11 I've ever spent at a restaurant. The gyros was tender and flavourful, the saffron rice was a great touch. The veggies weren't soggy. The cilantro jalapeno hummus had an amazing kick to it, and we thought it was better than most of the hummus you find at Trader Joes, AJ's, etc. The tabouleh was so bright and refreshing. The portion in the plate was perfect for the two of us to share. They didn't really skimp on anything. 

I was thoroughly impressed with the whole thing. The guys were super nice, the food was amazing and the price was more than right. 

The only downside which caused me to take away a star, was that there didn't seem to be a restroom. We thought it was a little odd, but then, we also didn't ask if there was restroom. But since there's usually a sign indicating where the potty is, and the only door led back to kitchen, it seemed safe to assume there was no where to go... if you needed to... you know... go. 

Other than that, I highly recommend Hummus Xpress!
Great place! Fresh food, good people behind the counter. Great option for vegetarians. Happy to have this in the neighborhood!
I happened to notice this place as I was driving by looking for somewhere to grab lunch.  Ever since making the switch to vegan after already being gluten-free, finding something good to eat that is also convenient has been a challenge!  The name alone was enough to convince me that I should try it out and I was pleasantly surprised to find that almost everything is gluten-free and most everything (other than the meat, of course) was also vegan!  I had a bowl with veggies, hummus and salad and it was delicious!  Not to mention everyone working was super friendly and helpful!  There was even live music during lunch!  What a cool spot.  Will definitely be back!
Meat was amazing and the concept was different. You should get the plate and have the lamb meat, soooo good.
My wife and I love this place.  The food is great, and service is super friendly. They are set up like a Mediterranean Chipotle.  Healthy food (yet super delicious) made just how you want it. Their hummus is some of the best in the valley. All the veggies and veggie salads are delectable.  They have tons of toppings!  You must try this place!
Me and my boyfriend are avid hummus fans and have thus made it our mission to try hummus at every restaurant we can. This place is freaking amazing. Everything is delicious and full of flavor. 

Now, this place definitely has some inefficiency issues, especially when it comes to making the pita. There point of sale system is also kind of slow (and I have my suspicious about the staff).  This can be upsetting when getting to-go orders as it effects the temperature of the food. But this is my only complaint and will certainly not keep me from coming here. 

Their set up is that of a chipotle style, they press the pita at the beginning (or at least that is the intention, if you get something with pita on the side, they wait until the end which slows down the process) and you pick your sides, meat, hummus and toppings. Everything ends up being kinda mixed together but is still good. I even liked the rice, which I don't typically like but I'm having suspicions that I just inherently like Mediterranean style rice. 

*Gyro meat- great
Falafel - pretty good 
*potatoes - fantastic
*Jalapeno/Cilantro hummus - amazeballs, very spicy
*Classic hummus - Great ( I like it topped with onion, pickles and tomatoes)
Rice - delicious
Lemon-garlic hummus - a little spicy but pretty good
chipotle hummus- pretty good
*chili .. something sauce - spicy and delicious
tzaiki - great

*favorite items


***forgive spelling, since I'm writing this review in lieu of doing my homework, I'm not gonna take the extra time to look them up
Wow, just wow.

I came here not really knowing what to expect.  I tried it for the first time today and I already can't wait to go back.  

The layout is much like Chipotle.  The two dudes that were working were super nice and super helpful.  It was my first time so they let me try a couple things and gave me advice on what was best.

Ready for this: I ended up getting a bowl with rice, fried eggplant, some sort of broccoli, chicken, lentil kale salad, red onion, tomato, a little bit of tzatziki and jalapeno cilantro hummus.  With a wheat pita on the side.

It was nothing like I expected but oh my god it was absolutely amazing.  All of the flavors just meshed together.  You taste a little bit of everything, but it's almost like you don't taste anything separate.  You just taste one big bowl of all these different flavors formed into one.  Words really don't do this place justice.   

The one thing I will say is don't be scared to do something a little out of your comfort zone.  I told them I don't like eggplant, they had me try it and it was the best eggplant I've ever had.  Some of the stuff they have there might seem a little out there, especially for someone like me who has a very American pallet.  Don't let that scare you and trust the people that work there.

If you aren't afraid of something a little exotic, you HAVE to go here.

If you are a little afraid of exotic, you HAVE to go here.  

This is one of those places where you just can't go wrong.
It's always fun to find a great little restaurant that serves excellent healthy food choices where the portion sizes are just right.  The protein and vegetable choices that accompany the hummus are all delicious.  The wait time on the food preparation is very short and I was able to eat here and be back to work in an hour without feeling rushed.  The price and the quality of food make this restaurant one of the best finds I have come across in the Tempe area.  

Will return (often) and would recommend to family and friends!
It's hard to add much more than what is already written for this restaurant, which properly backs up the high 4+ star rating (as of this review).   The owner/chef definitely cares about his food, the quality is high, the recipes amazing (the best roasted eggplant I had ever had) and the food a darn good value.   

Although I won't deduct any stars because from a food standpoint it was so good, I would suggest the following:

1.  Great concept - and well explained on the website, but the limited chalkboard menu above the food line doesn't make it abundantly clear what your options are (such as an extra veggie costing more - and if so, how much?

2.  Consider a side of hummous w/out the meat/fill-in or falaffel.  Maybe a small side to accompany a pita for 2 bucks or so.  The regular hummous I tried was amazing.  I'd gladly order a pita and then add a side to that order.

3.  Expand to the west side!  This is a great restaurant and concept - I passed by as I work not too far, but won't forever.  I will definitely miss this place when that day comes.
Coming from the taboolie mooley. I can say it's good az food. Take your photo here ginger lemon hummus. Staff is very informative and inspired.
Nothing fancy, just quality food at an affordable price. Hummus for days. Really great service.
A great restaurant hidden in Tempe.

I am a big fan of Mediterranean  cuisine so I am quite happy that I finally decided to check this place out. I ordered a bowl and had more than enough food, especially for under $10. The woman helping me was quite friendly and even more so once she found out that it was my first time in. I went with most of her recommendations (aleppo beef, jalapeo/cilantro hummus, cauliflower, etc.) and for the most part it was delicious. The piping hot pita bread (choice of regular or whole wheat) was awesome too! 

My only complaint was that the beef seemed to be mostly fat, although it was seasoned nicely. Maybe I'll try the chicken or gyro meat next time.

Planning to return very regularly!
Excellent service and amazing food. I stopped by on my way back to the office and didn't expect much of it. This place blew me away. From the moment I walked in. These guys were courteous and was patient as I make my decision on what to eat. Everything was flavorful. Don't think twice, just stop in!!!! 

You have to try their falafel! Delish!
This place never let's me down! A great takeout option ! The meat is always juicy and the various sides are delish!
For Mediterranean-style food this place is awesome!
They have a huge variety of food and it all tastes really good.
The flavors are perfect and when you get a plate, it will be more than enough food for anyone.
I had a FANTASTIC lunch date here with my husband today. They had live music (not sure why) but it didn't last long. 

The food was SOOOOO tasty. It was nice to have so many side vegetable options. I got to try a huge variety of food (3 sides, 2 kids of hummus, 1 protein, and all the toppings you can want).

It was a lite and refreshing lunch. The service was EXCELLENT (i.e. the guys behind the counter were really nice). I'll be going back a lot.
Stopped in today for the first time. 
Great Food. Great service.
You can custom design your meal, which I love.
The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and you can tell that they take pride in their work.
I will be back and I will also send others here, especially vegans and vegetarians!
Thank you for providing a much needed service to all. Good, fresh food!
This place is exactly how everyone else described it... the Chipotle of Mediterranean food. The portions are super gracious and the food is awesome. They even got me excited about vegetables. Everything looked super delicious and I can't wait to go back. The staff was super friendly and I even heard them call customers by their names. I can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing. I've eaten here twice now and both times were great. The menu is a little complicated, but the staff is really friendly and will walk you through the process. Tons of options for vegetarians. Everything has great flavor and the food somehow all works together in one big bowl. Standouts for me are the chipotle hummus and the eggplant.
Mmm! MMM! Love this place and love the concept. The food is fresh, flavorful, and fantastic! I like to get a bowl with rice, gyro meat, glazed carrots, eggplant, tzatziki, and shug with a pita on the side. Your belly will thank you after! The owner/chef puts his passion for food in his choices and you can tell in the service and taste. I hope they open more around the Valley!
I was blown away by the quality. Don't be fooled by the location. This is not subway or a place that uses garbage frozen food. The good in this place has flavor that can't be matched.

Do yourself a favor and give it a shot. I promise you won't regret it.
It's rare that I give a place 5 stars but if you're looking for quick healthy food this is the place for you. Lots of flavor and good customer service.
Finally remembered to try this place, and I should have done it sooner.

Staff:  Insanely friendly and helpful

Selection: Pretty much have everything.  Tons of options for the gluten-free, vegetarian, or us carnivores.  I enjoy the vegetarian options as a change up and this place has variety to fit a wide array of tastes.

Food:  I was a bit overwhelmed by the options so there was no method to my madness.  It really was delicious and the portions were huge.  I went with the Gyro, some kale veggie, the basil hummus, rice, etc, etc.... too much to list.  I went with the bowl while my gf went with the salad.  

This place blew us away in all aspects.  Definitely plan on going back.  Only mini critique is to stay open later for us dinner procrastinators!
I love you.

Fresh, great food.  Great people.  What more can you ask for?

I love Mediterranean food but always struggle with what dish to order, because I want a little of each flavor from each of my favorite dishes.  Problem solved, you can get anything practically here.
I was in the neighborhood looking for a a cheap, quick lunch. Yelp brought me here. I got the falafel bowl . Basically you can just choose what you want and then mix it all up for you. I got falafel with rice, tabouli salad, cilantro hummus and tons of veggies all for less than $8!
Best Mediterranean joint in Tempe, hands down! Eddie, the owner, is a master of the art, and his expertise shines at Hummus Xpress! 

The atmosphere here is comfortable and inviting. Live music, plenty of customers (but not too many), and some of the most friendly employees I've experienced. And the food is FANTASTIC! Eddie crafted an exquisite dish, with jalapeno hummus, lamb, lentil, and poached mushrooms. It was a remarkably delicious dish for only $8.50! 

Hummus Xpress is bound to take over Phoenix. This restaurant has everything you want in the perfect Mediterranean lunch spot.
Ok, so I don't like fast food places, nor places that is fast food places but pretend not to be fast food places. Hummus express is a fast food place.. but not only do I like the food, I love the concept and the attitude of the employees. 

So I was going to a barbecue and wanted to bring some hummus. Now, I could have made it myself - but mine isn't as experimentally fantastic as what they make here. Ginger-Lemon Hummus sounds wacky, but it is so obscenely divine that one needs to test it. And talking about faith in your product when you can sample everything before you buy it. 

So I bought some hummus... only the hummus, even if the guys behind the counter told me how I could walk out with more stuff for less money if I followed their lead - but I didn't have to. Instead they gave me hummus, and I paid. WIn-WIn.

I wish there was a way I could convey how awesome i believe this place to be - it will not suit everyone, but give it a shot. Give it a lunch.. its like $6. You could get hooked like me, or you could let the world know that you are not a connoisseur of fine experimental food, but a boring old meanie-face that smells of Chicken McNuggets.

If you do take my advice, drop my name.. and they will have absolutely no idea who I am ;)   - A 6th star for the attitude of the employees.
I don't understand the hype. I did not like this place one bit. It was very easy to find, and very convenient because I work down the street from this place, so this is how they got the one star. So I walked in, I was impressed because it was very quaint and clean. This usually puts me in a good mood when the area is clean. So I checked out the menu online before I came so I can get an idea of the options. I was super amped!! I adore hummus, pita and veggies,  so I felt like I was winning !! Wrong, the vegetarian bowl was this weird combination of cold, soggy and hot stuff piled on top of each other. I believe they are trying to emulate Chipotle ' s Aesthetic, sorry, not feeling it. What did it in for me is that the kale was cooked with the stems on. What a lazy move! I will not be coming here again.  Sorry
The Veggie Bowl is the way to go. But the Gyro is delicious also. I have been here a handful of times and I'm always happy with my choices. The service is outstanding, the food is fresh and the prices are amazing! Don't miss this place. It's worth the stop.
Like Chipotle for middle eastern food
Amazing...will be back with all my friends!   Extraordinary flavors!   Get the large bowl and have 3 meals for leftovers!  Gyro meat is the best...just plain awesome for the whole experience!   Great customer service tops it off!
What a wide array of selections they have here!  Today I got a lunch bowl with gyro meat, eggplant, rice, lentil and kale salad, cilantro and jalapeo hummus and pita.  All followed by their homemade fresh brewed mint iced tea.  For my listening pleasure they had on an oldies jazz station that played the classic - "The A Train".
Bowls are amazing. Had the kafta bowl with the ginger lime and cilantro hummus with lentils and cucumbers.
Their name makes them sound like a cheesy franchise, but Hummus Xpress is anything but.

Home cooked. Delicious. Fresh. Healthy. Great quick service.

Couldn't ask for more, except maybe for the falafel to be a bit tastier.

I get the chicken plate with rice, broccoli, potatoes, hummus, olives, feta and lentil and kale salad. A meal like that will cost you a little bit more than ten bucks, but is well worth it.

Pretty hip atmosphere with chipotle-style food serving.

They've got a few talented local musicians who play jazz guitar every once in awhile.
Friendly staff, a large variety of flavors and reasonable prices.  If you are wanting a healthy alternative check them out.
Food is excellent!  Portions are large.  The service is fast.  The food is healthy.  The owner served us and was very passionate about his food and restaurant. Id recommend this place to anyone.
Their food is packed with flavor.  A little too much for me to be honest but I still really enjoyed coming here.  The fellas behind the counter were very nice.  Awesome ingredients to choose from.  It' cool how you can pick and choose what you want in your bowl  If we are in the area we would definitely come back again!
I found that if I order small I could eat there more often and enjoy more things so I love the prices and the quality of food which always tastes good in the different ways that it's made:Israeli on ginger hummus with wheat pita.
Good food but unprofessional employees. Bring it up a notch behavior-wise and you got a great eatery.
Pros:

- Good healthy food. 
- Lots of vegetarian and Non Veg selection.
- Friendly Staff

Cons:
- Confusing menu. Needs to be more clear about how many of what you can get from each section. My girl got 2 and I got 1 but we paid the same. Also they need more seasoning in the chicken. No salt whatsoever.

- One spoon of meat? Really for $7-$9 you give one spoon of meat? First time i went in there i got 2 spoons. There need to be consistency with meat portions. I feel like I'm getting robbed depending on whoever is working at that moment gives you the portion he thinks is appropriate for you.

-I dont know how long this place has been open for but they definitely need to clean this place up. The booths are ripped and dirty, should be aligned with the wall instead of having it in the center. There was dirt all over the floor along with a screw on the floor where we were sitting.

- There was this loud vibrating sound coming from the soda machine all this time we were there. Very annoying. Fix it guys.

All in all its a group of young guys running this place including the owner and seems like they are on the right track with their friendly service and healthy food. Just clean it up a little bit and you have  my 5 stars.
Extremely generous quantities of the most delicious vegetables, hummus, meats and other complimentary ingredients. Would recommend asking the owner for guidance on which ingredients taste best together (as you get to select and choose the combination for your meal, and there is a wide variety to choose from).  I ate here with my family and we all were totally impressed by the quality and flavor of the options (and the quantities).  Very reasonably priced, casual small setting, friendly owner.  Definitely give it a try if you have the opportunity.
Awesome concept for Mediterranean food (like Chipotle). The people were great and very friendly. The food was right up there with others I've had. Definitely give this place a try. 

4 stars because of atmosphere. It's a very basic to-go feel. I'd still go again!
Tried this place today and it was BOMB the gyro bowl was amazing. The staff was friendly and funny. Def will be back
This is a good spot if you are looking for a quick, cheap, and relatively healthy meal.  Also, while I dont eat it, the meat looks great and I saw them butchering it themselves in the back.  The chef explained that they cook it overnight at a low temperature...sounded and looked delicious.

This is also a solid spot for the vegetarians here.  Lot of options, and a lot of food-you will not leave hungry.  The reason its 4 and not 5 stars is simple: I would prefer them to give the customer the option of putting all of the different foods in seperate containers instead of meshing them alltogether in one bowl.  I would prefer to be able to taste the hummus, tzaziki, tahini, etc all seperately as they are delicious in their own right.  As it stands now, they serve it all together in one bowl and tastes fine, but you cannot differentiate between all of their different foods.
This place is elegant, with attentive service and excellent food. Meals come in courses, so while the price seems steep at first, you actually receive a very large amount of food for your cost, all of it well prepared. Would recommend the chicken kabob. Absolutely a great place for a nicer meal out with family, friends or a date!
I am so happy that they have a Moroccan restaurant close to me! We had a very pleasant experience here :) The decorations were great and the seats are comfortable. We had their tea, favas salad, baked fish, lamb, panna cotta, and pastilla. The food was very flavorful and the presentation of it wonderful! The portions were neither too large nor too small, I left feeling satisfied . The staff were all wonderful and they were all Moroccan so you knew the food was authentic. They also have belly dancing! This restaurant is a must try!
Argana has a fresh new twist on Moroccan food but so authentic you feel like you needed a passport to get here!  I've been here a few times since they re-worked the menu  & Chef Hajji's food is Amazing!  We had the Citrus Romaine Salad, Pastilla and Calamari Steak for starters. All were DE-licious!  The salad was so light & refreshing, perfect for summer!  And I have never had Calamari like that before, it was incredibly tender & flavorful!  We shared the Lamb entre & it was sooo good, I wanted seconds!  
Very  impressed with the high quality of the food for the price, a rare find in Vegas!  The restaurant itself has a tasteful dcor with both indoor & outdoor seating. Decent Beer & wine selection as well as friendly staff.  Defiantly coming back!
GREAT FOOD and comfy and beatiful ethnic interior decoration!!!
This restaurant brought me the feeling like I am traveling to Morocco.  I was so excited to find out here in Las Vegas, we are able to find this much of great and creative and beautiful food.  My friend love pastilla, and I love calamari steak and panacotta.  I also love Salmon, which was Chef's special, not on the menu yet, so much too!!!  Sure, we come again and again!
We found this lovely spot on Yelp under the hot new businesses. I'm a fan of middle eastern, so my parents, husband, son and I went tonight. First off, this is not your run of the mill middle eastern food. Some of the spices are similar, but here the flavors are ramped up - truly delicious!

We started with the "spreads" appetizer and selection of salads. Even the pita bread was perfectly done. We then had the Chicken Tagine, Baked Fish, Beef shortribs and and shrimp skewers. Everything was flavorful to the max and perfectly cooked. 

They are still working out some kinks (brought out the wrong glass of wine the first time), but when I asked they immediately corrected the issue. The wait staff was attentive and all the food came out exactly as ordered, hot and fresh.

This is the definition of 5 star cuisine. We will absolutely be back.
first visit to argana and I liked everything about it.  I have never given a 5 star review and I rarely give 4 star reviews.  we started with the spreads and pita.  the olive spread was excellent.  also shared a chicken pastille with nuts.  at first I thought it was a little dry but the more I ate it, the more I was addicted to it.  for dinner I had the chicken tagine.  I would have liked just one more potato wedge but it was one of the best chicken dishes, of any cuisine, that I have ever eaten.  I hope more people find this hidden gem.  it's the kind of business that makes vegas a great place to live.
Had a wonderful meal at this new restaurant.  My dining partner and I ordered the chicken brochette and the chicken tagine.  The brochette was like a shish kabob with pieces of chicken on two skewers.  The chicken was tender, perfectly cooked, juicy and had the most wonderful flavor from the marinade.  The brochette was served with rice and a stuffed tomato half which were both delicious.  The chicken tagine is like a stew of tender pieces of chicken with potatoes in a slightly spicy sauce.  Very tasty! The chef also sent out to our table a pastilla which is round baked phyllo pastry dough stuffed with chopped chicken, almonds and eggs and sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon.  It may sound like a strange combination of entree and dessert, but the sweet and savory flavors went together so well, we finished it all.  The atmosphere is lovely and even better was the belly dancing performance.  We had a great time and had some wonderful food at a very reasonable price.  The restaurant is located on Sahara and Durango behind the Outback steakhouse.  I highly recommend giving this place a try.
Amazing dinner!  The calamari was the perfect start to our meal.  It was super fresh and had a little kick to it too.  We tried the Pastilla next, which was a great mix of sweet and savory.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and served over these lovely beans.  The star of the evening was certainly the roasted Lamb.  It was tender and juicy and just melted in your mouth.  I'm not usually a Pana Cotta fan, but the topping on the Mint Tea Almond Panna Cotta had me scraping the dish.  The atmosphere was fun and they have a Belly Dancer for entertainment on the weekends.  The patio was very nice to enjoy an espresso after dinner or a cocktail.  
Definitely a great find and I can't wait for my next visit!
This is the second time I have been to Argana. Since I loved it so much the first time, I took my husband to try it. And I must say that every time I go the food taste better and better!!! I had the Calamari Steak and that was my favorite, the seasoning on it is so good!!! IT'S A MUST TRY!! We also had shrimp kebab, and the famous Moroccan dish Beef Tagine with sweet prunes and almonds which flavors took me right back to my home country Morocco and brought back the great memories when my grandma would cook it for us!! It was that good!!!! The atmosphere was great and the decoration is so authentic.... The staff were friendly and helpful. The owner came to greet us, and made us feel so welcomed. 
This place is now one of my top restaurants to go to. I love to eat tasty yummy food and Argana definitely delivered that.... 
Ohh and don't forget to get their Panna Cotta!!!! It's one of the best desert I have had so far!
Wonderful, authentic Moroccan food in a comfortable restaurant and good service. I went when they first opened and was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was. Proper mint tea accompanied the meal. It has a family restaurant feeling, good for a relaxed dinner off the strip. Since much of what they make takes tons of time to make at home, you can bet I will be coming here insteAd of slaving away in my own kitchen! My favorites are the chicken pasdilla, beef tagine, beef short ribs, couscous, hummus. They do a chefs tasting menu which is amazing and also good to do if you are not as familiar with middle eastern food. Love this place!
We went there a few weeks after they opened I have to say the food was really good. It's nicely decorated and very comfortable. Nice date night restaurant. The service was great!!! Why doesn't very place have service like this! Definitely will be back soon!
This is very authentic the flavors are spot on it was as if I had prepared the food myself!! The service was great.  This is a place we will revisit again and again.  If you enjoy the flavors of Morocco then this is a place for you to go.
I'm in love! I've been desperately waiting for a good Moroccan restaurant to open in town that doesn't require me to order a six-course menu of mostly non-Moroccan dishes since my trip to Morocco in 2005, and it's finally here.

I started with my favorite dish, chicken pastilla, which included a citrusy salad on the side. It was perfectly delicious and so nice to be able to get it in Vegas without having to spend the day cooking it myself.

Our second appetizer was the spreads, and although I don't like spreads and hate olives, I was addicted to the olive tapenade.

I ordered the scampi appetizer as my main course, but what they served me didn't resemble scampi at all. I thought they gave me the shrimp tagine, but it didn't match that description either, so who knows what I got, but it was good. It was loaded with shrimp and large beans with plenty of sauce for dipping our Moroccan bread. The shrimp was the ideal size for the ultimate flavor. I probably should have verified that this was scampi, but I didn't really care.

My husband got the kefta tagine, and as with most foods he enjoys, I don't like this kind of dish, but I found myself stealing meatballs off his plate every time he turned away to check out the belly dancer.

We skipped dessert, and soda is served from a can, so I imagine there are no free refills. The place was not busy on a Friday night, but I really hope that changes. Restaurants in this location tend to not last long, so I'm crossing my fingers that there are others looking for REAL Moroccan food in Vegas that will keep Argana going. The atmosphere is cozy and full of Moroccan dcor, the belly dancer is entertaining, and service is good. Hopefully everyone will discover this wonderful restaurant and realize what true Moroccan food is!
No connoisseur of Moroccan food I was blown away by this place.  Got no pics or even dish names but it was all great from the Moroccan wine and tea thru lamb sausage and a unique calamari. Ambience & service pleasant & of good standard.
Amazing amazing amazing!!!!! The food is 5 star, the service is fabulous and the belly dancer was great!! We ordered the calamari steak, Swiss chard and the beef short ribs. All were delicious especially the Swiss chard. I wish I had picture to share but we ate it all too fast!
Authentic Moroccan food. This place is truly unique to Las Vegas as we do not have another Moroccan restaurant here, (Marrakech is faux Moroccan, sorry). This place is tucked away in a strip mall behind Outback, little difficult to find if you're not familiar with this center. 

We started out with a bottle of Moroccan wine, not on the menu, but just ask, it was really good, if you like Cabs, you will like this wine. 

Ameen, our waiter had suggested we start out with the Calamari Steak appetizer as well as the Pastilla. The presentation of both was so pretty, I didn't want to ruin it by eating it! The Calamari was so tender and soft, it melted in your mouth, the flavors of lemon and the chickpea relish really made this dish different from any other way I've had calamari. The Pastilla was almost like dessert, I love sweet and savory and this dish nailed it. Layers of filo dough around chicken and egg with almond, dusted with cinnamon. It was delicious.  

I love Tangine cooking, the meat is so tender and the flavors of the spices come bursting through the food. We tried two different dishes, Braised Short Rib and Mechoui Roasted Lamb. Both dishes were equally amazing, and very unique. The Short Ribs were so tender, the meat literally fell apart with a fork, the flavors were so evident, seasoned with cinnamon and honey, marcona almonds and dried apricots. This is served with Khobz, or Moroccan bread, to dip into the juices left in the Tangine.
The Lamb Tangine was so good, seasoned with Sharmoula, a spice similar to cumin, and served with Harrisa, which is a condiment, the brilliant color of orange would make you think it is made with carrots, but it gets to color from roasted red peppers and smoked paprika. This is also served with fresh mint, the combination of the flavors were great. 

We finished dinner with Mint Tea Almond Panna Cotta, very unique, not sweet at all and more of a citrus flavor.

On Fridays and Saturdays starting at 6:30 they have belly dancing, we caught a few songs, and she was really good! 

This place was truly amazing, I can't wait to return.
Great babaganosh and delicious shrimp also great tangines. We especially liked the ambiance, it is so nice and peaceful and pleasant for talking with friends, so rare to find such good and authentic food and such a nice environment!
I've been here several times and have yet to be disappointed. The calamari steak is a must order item, and I also highly recommend any shrimp dish, the lamb sausage, the appetizer of mixed dips, the braised chard (not what it seems!), and the panna cotta. I would gladly reorder any item I've had there, with the exception of the mussels. The flavor was great, but for some odd reason they choose to use the frozen green lip mussels rather than fresh. 

My one concern, other than the place being hard to find and therefore not attracting a lot of drive-by traffic, is that I think the chef is temporary. He is apparently a big wig chef in Morocco (which if you ever meet him he will inform you of in typical chef fashion), and his friend owns the place. I hope the quality will be maintained when he leaves.

Currently I would place Argana as one of my favorite off Strip restaurants in Vegas, and would suggest it to even the most discriminating foodies.
We happened upon this place by accident and I'm so glad that we did!
 We had read the Yelp reviews as we were sitting in the car deciding whether or not to go in. Most of the reviews raved about the calamari steak, so of course, we had to try it! We ordered the calamari steak appetizer and it was easily one of the best things I've eaten in a long time. Not only was it delicious,  but it was also very beautifully presented. 
Now, on to the main dishes... My husband ordered the chicken tagine.  The chicken was so tender and juicy and the sauce was so yummy. I ordered the chicken brochette,  which is basically a kabob.  Once again, the chicken was tender and juicy and the spices that it was cooked with gave it a great flavor. It also came with saffron rice, potatoes and an incredibly yummy tomato topped with parmesean cheese and spices. For dessert,  we ordered the panna cotta. It had a great citrus flavor and was very refreshing- the perfect ending to an amazing meal!
We also ordered a bottle of the Moroccan wine, which perfectly complimented the flavors of our meal. At $45/bottle,  it was totally worth it.
The staff was just as great as the food. From the host who greeted us at the door to the waiter to the owner, everyone was so friendly and made us feel very comfortable.  
We are already looking forward to going back! Next time,  I'm getting the braised short ribs!
My girlfriend and I went here for the first time for our anniversary, and we had a great experience! The food was delicious and the service was impeccable. If anything, they were a little too over zealous in how frequently they checked on us haha

The food was incredible, and I would come back again only to order the calamari steak and the braised short rib again! Both were unbelievable. 

The place is newer, and they are very clearly eager to please. At times it was too much, but when is wanting to be great restaurant a bad thing?

It's a great addition to the area, and I hope to god it is successful as it seems to be the only Moroccan in the area that serves such high quality. I would argue better than a ton of restaurants on the strip, and much more affordable too!

The decor was also beautiful and we enjoyed seeing the belly dancer while we ate!

Thank you William and the rest of the team for giving us a wonderful anniversary dinner!