I'm not really a fast food kind of girl and I consider Nando's to be fast food - they might try to convince you otherwise with their waitresses and restaurant style premises, but this is fast food through and through. A friend once described this place as KFC for WAGS and they pretty much hit the nail on the head. Sure, the chicken isn't fried but I have doubts over its original source and wouldn't be entirely surprised to find out it comes from the same supplier. That said, the food doesn't taste bad, in fact some of it is rather good and I quite like the spicy stuff they give you to sprinkle over chips. However, there are far more exciting and better value places to eat in Edinburgh, so I won't be making a habit of coming here.
Whilst I do agree that Nando's is little more than glorified fast food, to stick it in the same bracket as KFC is going a bit too far. At The Colonel's place, biting down on a pus-filled tumour is more or less par for the course, as is finding a cockroach or two in your chips, but standards are much higher at Nando's. 

Seeing them chuck a whole chicken on the barbeque is a buzz in itself, and when you get it delivered to your table, drenched in the hottest sauce they've got, the messy tables and rough-looking punters all become irrelevant.

The meats of fantastic quality, well cooked, and just a joy to behold really. For about 9 quid you'll get half a chicken plus a couple of sides, preferably garlic bread and peri-peri sprinkled fries, and you'll stroll out that door pretty satisfied.
Wow, I love Nando's. I have to be honest, it's only a recent discovery for me but I'm so glad I've finally experienced the goodness of Nando's. It's yummy, reasonably priced and best of all; messy. There's nothing more satisfying than eating chicken wings with your hands and getting right in there to enjoy it.

On my last visit here I got a chicken wrap with chili jam and mayonnaise, served with a side of corn on the cob and some spiced mushy peas - it was delicious and only came to a reasonable £8.90. Awesome.

The sauces in Nando's are phenomenal and I usually go for the hot peri peri as I love spicy food. I recently bought a bottle from ASDA and have been drowning everything in it ever since. Yum.

Unlike the other reviewers, I like the fact that Nando's has no table service. It's exactly the way it should be as it's such an informal dining experience. It means you don't have to rush your meal or have an annoying waitress ask if you're sure you don't want another side, a dessert or coffee, tea, macaroons. Argghhh, leave me alone to eat! I love the relaxed feel of Nando's.

If you have any left room over after your meal I highly recommend the chocolate cheese cake - it's to die for!
Taking a break from my usual love-affair with the 'off-the-beaten-track home-made fayre' kinda joint, it was Sunday movie night and you've just gotta have Nando's right?!

I think any review of Nando's is the same across the board, regardless of store. I've been to one where the portions of chicken were tiny, but apart from that, you're safe on getting what you know and love wherever you go.

And I love Nando's, I do. It's actually relatively healthy, it's filling, it's quick, and it's different. Oh and it's chicken. I love chicken.

I had the chicken burger (a first for me) which was delicious, then shared the chocolate cheesecake. Mmm nom. It just meant no M&Ms in the cinema afterwards.

This branch is fairly big. When I arrived there was a waiting list, so I had my name put down and was asked to come back in 20 minutes. THIS was my only bug-bearer; don't they have a waiting area? It's cold outside, it's 7pm on a Sunday night, and there's no where else to go for 20 minutes. Ummm. Right.

The staff were all friendly though, and it has a nice, family-focussed vibe.

Want chicken? Got chicken. Love chicken. Make mine medium.
Me Man.....me eat chicken!

Yes its a chain....yes they are all the same......but it does what it says on the tin! It delivers tasty chicken, with decent sides and its at a reasonable price!

Nandos is one of those very handy places to meet graba  bite to eat and move on. Thats exactly what we did last night.

The concept is a simple one, chose how spicy you want it, chose what bit of chicken you want, chose you sides..! I think the fact they give you options makes it to be honest. Whether you want a wrap, a burger, a pita or like me you just want chicken...on a plate its there for you.

They also have a surprisingly large ammount of options of veggies to their credit as well as the oblifatory salad options....!

For me it has to be medium spicy half chicken with chips & piripiri salad and colesalw.!

Simple...tasty...nom nom nom!

Happy JD
Om nom nom nom! Peri-Peri chicken with hot sauce! Feel the burn, LOVE the burn! 
Seriously though. Damn good chicken. Tender, juicy, and grilled to crispy awesomness. Getting hungry just thinking about it! I know why people are addicted to this place, cause it's really really tasty. Prices are good too! Huge plate of food and a drink for about 9 quid. 
Dining room is really cool as well. Kind of like if a regular sit down place and urban outfitters had a baby. 
Obrigado, Nando!
Very tasty. Yum yum. Go here every couple of months. More often I I could. They even do rewards. a stamp on card every time you enter. 6 stamps= 1 quarter free chicken. 9 stamps= half a free chicken. full card =    a whole chicken free.
The food at Nando's is so great and so healthy, I feel like I've visited a spa after I've stuffed my face there. This is the best Nando's in Edinburgh. I have been to all the others but the atmosphere at this Nando's is just so much better, comfy booths, not too noisy; just a really chill lay-out in general!

Here's how to order;

Half a chicken (anything less and you'll just be eyeing other people's food) with Mango and Lime (you can add the spicy sauces yourself if, like me, you like to be in complete control of the spice level).
Side of corn on the cob and remember to ASK FOR BUTTER. This is important.
Side of Macho Peas; very scrummy, with a great minty flavour. 
Sauces; Garlic Peri Peri and Wild Herb Peri Peri. These are the best sauces, remember to stock your table with them before your food arrives. I go for a 60/40 blend of the two. 
Bottomless soda.

Remember to pre-stock your table with napkins and salt also as you don't want to be getting up all the time. 

It's very important to go to Nando's with some really good pals as you will all see each other eating in a fairly disgusting and visceral manner. I probably wouldn't come here on a  date unless my date sat on a different table. 

Hope this is useful advice!
Our first night in Edinburgh and we decide to drop into the closest restaurant, which happens to feature Portuguese food.  Expecting something that would feature a lot of seafood, we were surprised to see that the major feature was chicken.  But we ordered a hummus starter, a bean side dish and a couscous salad with peri peri chicken and a couple of beers.  It was all very very tasty and just what we wanted for a light meal.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered that Nando's was a chain restaurant with 250 outlets in the UK.  This was without doubt the best fast food chain dining experience I have had.  

The routine is different.  Someone shows you to a table, presents a menu, but then explains that you have to go to the counter to order and pay and fetch your own cutlery.  So it's not the fine food dining experience, but I have to say that the quality and taste of the food was a big surprise.  For what it Is I give it four stars.
Good food at a very decent price. 

The Nando's chain across the Sheraton Grand hotel serves succulent chicken. Few reviewers mention that it's a step up from KFC. I can certainly see the comparison, but the food is actually healthier and the ambiance is more restaurant than fast food. Place is not for romantic dates, but it's clean, friendly and comfy.

I ordered Half a chicken with medium spice level (any spicier and you may need some tissue for your brow's sweat). Chicken came tender, juicy and hot.  My order also came with 2 sides for $8, which is a deal. I had corn on the cob with butter sauce (delicious) and macho peas (spicy but good). You could add additional sauces if you choose but my chicken was tasty the way it was. 

Also, be prepare to be messy with your chicken as you sink you teeth and smear your lips with the sauces. It's cheap eats. Definitely not your photo moments.
How can anyone not love Nandos? Food is seriously addictive, I think its the spices that keep you coming back! Ordering system is quick, & the whole atmosphere is very relaxed. Ok maybe not the best venue for a slap up special dinner but day to day this is great for so many things... the best being a hungover get together after a night out. Nothing cures a hangover like a Nandos! Staff in this one are friendly & look happy. Is in a good location & seems to have shorter waiting times than the one at Fountain park (maybe due to the cinema?).Try the mango & lime sauce mmmm.
Great, great food. Any chicken lover should pay a visit, and this will be the first of many. The peri peri sauce is a delight and the chicken.. oh the chicken. Every single bite gives the signal the start of multiple oesophagus' orgasms.
This is by far the best Nando's in town in terms of atmosphere and place. Try out the any chicken dish you wish for and add from a variety of sides and spicy sauces to have a healthy and at the same time delicious lunch.
Myself and a group of friends went to Nandos on Lothian Road a few nights ago for a friends birthday, and we were sat right next to the door , that swung open ever 2 seconds, blasting us with cold air Brrrrrrrrrrrr ...its was freezing outside and not much warmer inside either.
I cannot enjoy food feeling cold. The table was a massive round one - probably the biggest they had and I guess whilst it was good of them to accommodate a group of 10 of us, the table was so large you could not talk to the person opposite you. Hmmm.
This was my second time in Nando's and I remembered why I didnt think it was anything special the last time. We choose what we wanted and headed up to the counter to order, of which only two were serving, sometimes one and their was already a queue. My meal cost £12. 
I ordered the chicken wrap, with cheese and medium salsa and Piri Piri Fries. When i got my food i found i had very little chicken barely any salsa or cheese - so no 'kick' at all to my food, and mediocre fries sprinkles in the piri piri. 
They were keen to get us in and then back out, and the ladies toilets had no toliet roll...I can think of plenty of places id like to eat alot more for £12, and like alot of chain restaurants, it wasnt anything special.
The food remains great, yet the service quality in this particular restaurant has dropped, that's why the -1.
I don't see what the hype is about this place.  My lovely British boyfriend wanted to go to Nando's for a quick lunch before we did some sightseeing and told me I would love it.  I mean, I like chicken and all, but I was extremely underwhelmed by my experience there.  It's just a chicken wrap with a choice of a few sauces.  The hottest hot sauce is WEAAAAAKKKK.  Seriously, I want to cry while I'm eating my spicy chicken wraps.  Also, I got the mashed peas as a side and it was the strangest thing on the planet - I do not recommend trying them.  I mean, I would eat here again, but wouldn't rate it high on my list of places to go to!

As a footnote, I also do not see the hype about Chick-Fil-A and Church's Chicken in America (down in the South) and everyone raves about both spots.
Peri Peri chicken!

Ok - so I've eaten at Nando's probably 5 times in the course of a 3 week stint at Europe. But I was on a heavy protein diet and Nando's did the trick. 

I love the spices, sauces, everything. A bit on the expensive side but great quality chicken and friendly staff. I need to find them in the US - I would be a regular if possible!
Ooooh Chicken, Chicken CHICK CHICKEN!! With Piri-Piri.. mmmm.  Wings, breast whole frikkin chickens..  
This is awesome. I am a chicken fan. I go to the indy chicken places - but this place supplies corporate chain chicken yummy in my tummy.  

I cannot really fault them apart that they should have more sauces.. like a wings place I frequent very often. Apart from that  this is a brilliant Hot Piri Piri Portuguese restaurant that serves chicken to make me purr. 

They also have other stuff; like fries, corn cobs, salads and stuff - which are also very nicely prepared. But they ain't chicken! 

I like the jovial waiters and the fact they do check up on you if everything is OK and it feels genuine. I also like the bottomless soft drinks, the beers and most of the wine. Very nicey Portuguesy, yes, yes. 
Not too expensive and you choose your own portion size. Well done Nando's
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm Chicken livers......drool ......

Where to start......chicken livers.......drool......

Sorry ok this place is awesome I love love love it. Finally went in after walking by it almost everyday for the past year and tried the chicken livers that were recommended to me. If you hate or think livers sound gross well eat these and they will forever open your eyes. I have been to culinary school and worked in kitchens and it takes a lot to really impress me but these little babies are the best I have ever had and theres no way I could or even that idiot Gordon Ramsey could make better ones. The flavor and presentation of them is amazing. I like them with the medium flavor. I also love the chicken dishes they have which are also very good. The place is clean and has a little place to wash your dirty paws before you eat right in the middle of the restaurant. I really like that encourages cleanliness. The kitchen is open and you can see how clean it is. The staff are also friendly which is a plus.  This place will be my haunt when I am waiting for the bus and those livers ( I am starting to sound like Dr. Lecter) will be my little snack of choice when I need something simple and quick. I recommend this place to everyone especially if you like or only eat chicken!
The food was great.

The staff were lovely.

It's just the logistical concept that I'll never get the hang of. You're taken to a seat where you choose from the menu, then have to leave that seat in order to order, then they ask you questions at the till that you weren't expecting to have to answer, with options that weren't immediately apparent. There are contradictions: you tell them what you would like your chicken to taste of, then are directed to an area where there are yet more flavours, this time out of a variety of bottles. Do you take the bottle with you back to the table while you wait - that seems a long time for a bottle to be sitting on my table when someone else might like to use it, no? Fortunately there seem to be plenty of staff/helpers/carers on hand to help you get through it.

Nevertheless I've always like the 'Man eating chicken!' signs they have outside their various establishments. I'll go again, absolutely, but only with company that understands the process and can assure me that everything will be ok. Ok?
Om with a little extra nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom.

Nothing makes you feel more manly than eating meat apart from one thing. A WHOLE CHICKEN! There was no messing about here. A whole chicken, large portion of piri piri fries and two bottles of beer. I thought that would be a good enough starter.

Knuckle deep and my face covered from left to right in chickeny beautifulness, I made short work of what I thought would be a mountain of food but it turns out it served to be nothing more than an appetite catalyst.

Yes, it is a chain restaurant which means service and quality is pretty much across the board but when happiness comes with two wings, two breasts and two legs cooked in a beautifully warm spicy marinade, you don't really care about where you are.

Give me all the chicken and keep it coming.
Even thinking about Nando's makes me a little bit hungry for some chicken.  If I want to eat out at Fountain Park, I will automatically first think of Nando's.  Trouble is, quite often everyone else has the same idea.  This won't stop me coming back here though.

I'd never even heard of Nando's before I came to Edinburgh.  I had no idea of what I was missing, and it was only when I moved into Bruntsfield a couple of years back that I realised the error of my ways.  The idea of Nando's is simple.  You can get chicken done to differing levels of spicyness,  These can then be had with a variety of side dishes, or as a burger, wrap, pitta, or other things.  There are, of course, provisions made for any vegetarians who may come along.

The kitchen at Nando's feels much like a part of the restaurant.  You can see the grills at work as you order your food, and watch the magic unfold.  Nando's feels a bit like a fast food place, in that you place your order at the counter, and collect your own cutlery and sauces.  On the sauces front, try the extra extra hot sauce (in the black bottle).  The consensus amongst my friends is that it is not the hottest one they offer.  What do you think?

I have never been disappointed with the food I have got from Nando's.  It is often busy and so, the food can sometimes take a while to arrive, but you'll forget about that once you start eating.

If you have never eaten at Nando's, I have no idea why.  You are missing one of Edinburgh's great culinary experiences.!
It is a testament to Nando's that despite this being one of the bigger restaurants it has, that there always seems to be long queues to get a table. As Mark says, this is the first option people opt for when they go to Fountain Park, and there is a very good reason for this, because the food is so tasty!
I can be a bit of a pig when I go here, my usual choice I go for is the 1/2 chicken, bathed in several layers of chicken peri perisauce, with this I usually order a side of chips and a corn on the cob. You can get garlic bread as a side, but I would suggest against this, you only get a couple of slices, and it really doesn't provide you with good value for money. This meal comes to around £9, but considering a meal at Burger King costs around £6, the few extra quid, really is worth it and puts them a cut above such fast food joints.
Mmmmm Nandos, now this is really finger licking good chicken!!! If you haven't been to Nandos before and like spicy food this place is defo worth a try. Obviously Nandos is a big chain and I've been to a few in other cities but they do vary in taste of the food from pace to place. 

Happy to report that this Nandos in fountain park is excellent! The chicken was not dry as it an be elsewhere but peri peri perfection!

It is a large Nandos and being so close to the cinema gets really heaving at peak times. I knocked one star off for the length of time taken to place our order, 15mins standing in the queue is tiring on my legs! Although it was a busy night but from what the waitress said it is always busy even during the week, but opening an extra till seems an easy fix and as one was unmanned I think they could have done this.

All in all a very enjoyable experience oh and final thing for a big Nandos the toilets were immaculate, have to give credit here as don't know about you but I think the state of an establishmens toilets tells you how much on the ball they are!
My favourite hot chicken restaurant! Ever since it opened I am hooked.- this is one of the largest I have seen (Lothian road is a good second)
Despite the queues you see, after a little wait you will get a table. Problem is when there is a popular film on.. this will max the place out and you may even get told to come back later. (happened once in my experience).

This place is about chicken & Nando's Piri Piri sauces and that is it. You not be dissapointed. Other food stuff are served but in less variety.
My favoutite is the chicken wings - they are better than any bufallo had before. And the corncobs are delicious.

I also like the fact that you can refill on your soft drink free of charge.

On thing though I am wondering. What do they clean the table with? As it is quite sticky?!
My friends and I love Nando's!!

It's sauces has very distinctive flavours, it's portions are large and its prices are pretty acceptable for the kind of quality it serves.

It is often packed so it is a good idea to make reservations.

The chips and mash potatoes are our favourite side dishes!
I like Nandos. There, I said it. Nandos seems to be like Marmite - people either love it or hate it. For me, it's love. It's spicy. It's freshly-grilled chicken. A WHOLE chicken if you want. I normally pip for the half. And they have ratatouille and sweet potato mash. It's a filling, hearty but also relatively healthy feed.

It's hard to review different Nando branches, as it's a chain and one of the thing a chain should do well is reproduce the same quality everywhere. They do. The chicken here is so less juicy, hot, fresh and flavourful. I suppose as this branch is attached to the cinema and bowling complex, it gets really busy. But the staff are really efficient, always smiling and never seem stressed waiting on the crowds.

I ordered take out from here recently and whilst waiting, I sat and watched the behind-the-till and kitchen staff. It ticked over like a well oiled machine, or well spiced chicken (No, wait that doesn't work. Nevermind). They had a system, they were rocking it. I was impressed. I left with my half a chicken in a bag and I hadnt been happier that day.

I suppose I'm giving this one 3 stars as I only come here if I'm going to the cinema, and even then it's only every few visits that I go, due to how busy it gets. But kudos to the staff for dealing with such a busy branch so well.
edinburgh used to be a sad city with exactly zero nandos in its city limits.  and then one opened....and then a second, and finally a third.  and then my heart was happy because nando's is one of those places that is just good.  and it was perfect for a pre-rugby lunch when our prefered choice of venue told us they had no tables.

nando's however, was still fairly empty as it had just gone noon and most rugby going fans were in a pub with a pint.  we however were being swifty shown to a table with menus and the promise of food very soon.  i decided quickly because despite nando's being known for its grilled chicken, i always get the grilled portabello mushroom and haluomi pita.  it's delicious and haluomi cheese is just amazinggggggggggg.  i ordered this with a side of fries and macho peas.  the boyfriend went for a double chicken wrap with corn on the cob and some fries.  we also ordered the hummus with peri peri drizzle to share.  i know so much food, but i was suffering some bad hangover blues and needed some nando's loving!!

orders taken quickly and we were back at our table with drinks and followed by the hummus shortly.  the peri peri drizzle came in an adorable little bottle so you could add as much or as little as you wanted.  and loads of pitta bread for dipping yummmmmmmm!!  we had a bit of a wait for our food, but i think that that was the hangover hunger monster being inpatient so it wasn't actually that long.  my pita was awesome with a huge portabello mushroom and lots of grilled haluomi cheese!!! the chips were ok (not quite as crisp as i like) but the peas were super tasty with just a tiny kick of chilli.  the empty plate across from me clearly signifed that my boyfriend enjoyed his wrap as well.

so nando's gets a hearty four stars from me.  it's consistent, the food is of good quality, it has the option to go healthy if you wanted, and they have grilled haluomi cheese.  this is a chain i will happily go to when in need of a satisfying and quick dinner.
Tonight was the first training night at Nandos and all was well. 

There's an upstairs so it's a large restaurant and plenty of space between tables. 

Staff lovely and friendly. This is a great place to go if you want chicken, to be served quickly and know what to expect. 

I like Nandos, it's simple if not formulaic but tasty food and I like to go there from time to time!

However, if you are not from Edinburgh, there a lots of lovely independent restaurants near by too!
Nandos is Nandos is Nandos.

I'll admit it. I like Nandos for what it is. It's a chain so you know the quality before you choose, and if I'm honest the quality for spit-roasted chicken (or however they do it) is pretty good for a fancy lunch or 'cheap and cheerful' dinner. Except it's not *that* cheap. £10 for half a roast chicken?

Why do I come to Nandos? Because they do a lot of chicken and a lot of spice. And I like chicken and spice. Usually they're located beside cinemas or in leisure parks (like up at Fountain Bridge, or in Xscape in Glasgow). And they are the perfect pre-cinema or post-rock climbing lunch option. And lunch is usually what I go here for.

It has the feel of fast-food but it's far better quality and I'd wager much better for you than any other fast food place.

However, this one is sitting right beside a few other restaurants that are favourites of mine. As in, favourites in the whole of Edinburgh. So when it comes to dinner time I definitely know I'll be choosing them over Nandos.

Also, I looked at the opening hours on the website and unless it's wrong they only open till 5pm? So that means they really are only a lunch place? Hmm.

Nandos really is a-ok. It's not *good* dining, it's not *bad*. It's great for families with kids where the parents want something better than waffles, beans and eggs but can take the kids without any worry you'll upset other customers with noisy, exciteable children smooshing fries into their face (literally INTO their face). And it's good for big groups. I can imagine given the area it'll get busy with school kids too?
I was SO excited to go to Nandos as I'd been years ago and had very fond memories.  I have to say though, I was sorely disappointed!  

Although I have to say, I think it is a great idea how you choose your filling, type of meal (eg pita bread, bun, etc) and also the spiceyness of the sauce - the lemon and mango numbers are great for those would like flavour but can't stand hot and spicey!!!  

However I just thought that for what you got (a glorified burger basically) that it is well overpriced.  When I went I ordered two main meals plus two drinks and I barely got a few pennies in change from £30?!?!?!  Now the way I look at it is for this price I could have gone to a pretty decent restaurant and would have enjoyed spending that amount of money there rather than giving it to a place that is just a step up from McDonalds.  In fact, considering I can buy a meal for two for less than a tenner in McDonalds I think I prefer it to Nandos!!!  

Don't get me wrong, the food was good but so is a Big Mac from time to time so in the end it was just an expensive burger and I've had better!  

I'm sad to say, my Nandos bubble was well and truly burst!
aw i feel a bit bad that this nando's seems to have gotten some mediocre reviews.  i, for one, LOVE some nandos!  and this place was perfect when the boyfriend and i were looking for a late(ish) night bite to eat.  

it was coming up to 10pm on a saturday night and we both were starving for dinner!  i was hoping something would be open along george vi bridge and lo and behold, the welcoming lights of Nandos!!  we entered and i was surprised that for 10pm this place was fairly busy.  however we were shown to a seat quickly and the waiter confirmed that we knew how the ordering system, etc worked.

at this point i don't even bother to look at the menu as i always order the same thing and i can confirm that the halluomi and portabello pita was just as good as it always is.  in fact it was probably better than usual as i was a bit tipsy and starving!  the coleslaw was tasty and the chips freshly made.  so all in all a really good meal for less than a tenner.  the boyfriend was equally happy with his chicken wrap.

i felt that the service was quick and attentive and honestly i can't think of anything negative to say.  especially as this place was still seating people when we left closer to 11pm!  yay for a proper late night meal :)
Nandos was by far my favorite chain restaurant in Europe. The butterfly burger was amazing, as I had one in the London, Dublin, and Edinburgh location. A must have if visiting!
Are you looking for quality Portuguese cuisine?

At Lisboa Bakery and Grill you can get all that and more, with the famous Piri-Piri Chicken made fresh every day (you can often see the chicken spinning on the open flame when you walk in the place - and it smells delicious).

There is also a full cafe service, including the Galao (pronounced Gal-Own), a Portuguese specialty hot drink made with espresso and foamed milk, as well as the Pastel De Nata (a Portuguese egg tart pastry) and other Portuguese baked goods.

Although take out and catering is very popular here, there is table service and the place is also licensed to serve.  My wife and I will often partake of the breakfast special (two eggs any style, bacon or sausage, home fries and two thin, crispy slices of buttered Portuguese white bread) here, served every day until 11 am.

In the summertime there is an excellent patio here looking over the rest of the "Main Street" here in Williamsburg.  My wife and step-daughter love coming here for the Galao since we were in the Azores, and we keep coming back for more!
I live in the neighbourhood and stop at this bakery fairly frequently for good home cooked food to go.  The chicken parm sandwiches are amazing and so huge! They could feed two people easily.
Went for dinner at Lisboa a few weeks ago. Had a quarter roasted chicken dinner with rice and roasted potatoes.Not sure if the patatoes were fully cooked, but they kind of tasted raw (they were served hot from the deep fryer I believe so I wasn't 100% sure if that was how they were supposed to be served or if they were  not cooked enough). Had a piece of the blackforest cake for dessert. The cake was okay, but it was a little stale. I don't fault Lisboa for this as it's hard to find a fresh piece of cake served by the slice at many bakeries & cafes around town unless you order and buy an entire cake. Will  come back to Lisboa again as the service was good.
In a strip mall... like many neighborhood secretly good eateries.  We stopped by out of sheer curiosity in hopes to find good Portuguese bread.  We were happy to find some great tasting sweets.  The humble seats were full and their chicken looked good.. I will have to try it next time we pass by.
Food is really good, but sometimes one of the waitresses (same one every time) "kills" our good experience there. The rest of the staff are great, this particular girl is always forgetting/not paying attention/messing up the order.
Just had the chicken parmigiana sandwich on a fresh Portuguese bun.  I took half home because the serving was do huge, but did not want to put it down.  The sandwich alone costs 8.95$, plus 4.00$ more for veggies.  I was in flavour country.  Nice place for a lunch date with friends.
Stopped in to check this place out today as we were in Kitchener.  Since we had already had lunch and it was around 4 pm we ordered the Galao coffee.  I had a strawberry cheesecake (NOT made here - bought in) and my partner had the coconut tart (actually more like a muffin or cupcake).  The Galao is nothing special.  It's a simple Latte - on a par with MacDonald's or Williams Coffee Pub but twice the price.  My cheesecake was overwhelmingly sweet to the point where I couldn't eat it.  The coconut pastry was heavy as lead, dense, and had little to no flavour even though there was plenty of coconut in it.  Two desserts, 2 coffees $14. and change.  The server was a wonderful young man who took alot of time explaining the desserts.  Yes he got a nice tip even though the food was so-so.  The noise was horrendous as they were showing the World Soccer matches on every tv (there are several) and the crowd was drinking and watching the show. The restaurant is clean and new, not classy - very casual, kind of diner style.  We found the menu prices to be very high and were glad we had already eaten.  A side of vegetables or potatoes for example 6.99 and sandwiches around 10.95.  Definitely Toronto pricing here and not what I expect in a plain neighbourhood setting with paper napkins and a large take out counter.  We didn't try the chicken so we can't comment on that or the other mains, but since the prices are steep, I doubt we will be driving there again as there are so many other options.  Really I kind of doubt this place can survive with these prices and that atmosphere.  The breads are brought in from Toronto, ditto the desserts - the only thing made on the premises in baked goods is the Pastel de Nata which was sold out, and we've had plenty of egg tarts before now.  The chicken was still turning on the grill at 4.pm.  Everything is overpriced unless you order from the take out menu.  Three stars is for the service and to give it the benefit of the doubt.
Vila Algarve is a great new family owned restaurant I visited on a whim. The waitress was attentive and helpful in navigating the menu filled with Portugese and Mediterranean specialties, and the owner was eager to please. I was amazed by the low prices, especially considering the quality and freshness of ingredients (non-chewy grilled calamari and ruby red, non-pithy tomatoes). The atmosphere leaves something to be desired as the dining room is huge with more tables than you can imagine being filled, but I will definitely be back to try more of their yummy food.
The food is awesome, fresh, and unique, like the Portaguese sardines. The presentation is masterful. The service is impeccable. The prices are too low and will probably rise. They are waiting on their liquor license so they dont have wine right now. But do yourself a favor and eat here.
This place is a tiny little hole in the wall that I can see really taking off. 
When you enter, it instantly has a Mediterranean vibe there's a bar area to the side and a main dining area. The dining area is actually very spacious and wide open. The table layout though can make the meals feel quite intimate
The staff here is extremely nice and helpful. We were greeted with a giant smile and a welcome. My and my friend weren't too well versed on the food and the host was sure to explain exactly what came in each dish
The food was amazing. The skewers were melt in your mouth good and the lemon butter vegetables made me a convert. It comes with beef, chicken or steak. The sandwich was good, it had pork and other goodies slathered with sauce in a bun. I haven't sampled the pasta yet but my friend raves about how good it was. For dessert, there was mascarpone, which isn't a dessert I normally like but since the host recommended I decided to go with and let's just say I wasn't disappointed 
--a few points notes, they don't have their liquor license as of 2/16/14
-- related to above, the bar area is really deserted 
They also have a stage and what looks to be a setup for live music. Whenever this does start being used, I can see it being a huge hit. 
Overall it a good restaurant, some things that I see them workin on and no reason why this wouldn't be 5 stars all the way!!
Another new business that I just couldn't wait to open. Vegas kind of lacks in Portuguese restaurants so when I noticed that Vila Algarve was opening up I had to go. It's located in the old Sushi Factory spot in a plaza on the NW corner of Tropicana and Jones. It's a very spacious place. They've been open for only a couple weeks but I don't think many people know since the 2 times I've been there no one was there, for lunch and dinner.

Opening up the menu you can either read the very delicious sounding descriptions or look at the very delicious looking pictures.  You can even ask the very friendly staff if they had any recommendations. I wanted everything and just started ordering, my eyes and my stomach were not on the same page. They have Portuguese chicken livers and giblets, Portuguese sausages, snails and frog legs, various pastas, curries, skewered meats, steaks, seafood, wraps, and desserts. I was told they use less seasoning in some of their food than usual to appeal to the people but they'll make it spicier if you wanted.

The Trinchado, from their menu were "Cubes of meat marinated in red wine, grilled to perfection, cooked with trinchado creamy sauce and olives with pits, served with toasted bread." How do you not order it. It was good. I liked the creamy sauce and meat was perfect. Be aware that the olives are with pits and the pits are no joke when your teeth whack it. I'd order it again. There's an appetizer version and a full meal version.

The Halloumi Cheese, from their menu was "cyrpus grilled goat cheese, served with sweet and sour or peri peri sauce." It was really salty and pretty good. Seems like it would be good with some beer. Eat it right away and don't let it cool down to much cause it gets hard. 

The Dobrada Portuguesa was "slow cooked ox tripe and broiled with mixed cheese." It was my favorite of the 3 items I've ordered. You either like tripe or dislike tripe and I like tripe covering it with cheese makes it even better. The smell is strong.

The interior is nice and clean with a big screen TV. The staff is very friendly and did everything right.

What to expect after I write this review beside my multiple check-ins and picture posting? They're in the process of getting their liquor license. They already have a nice bar area setup as soon as they get to fill it with liquor and serve it up the better. They have what looked like a setup for live music. They have a lot of potential. I'd be back.
Items Selected:
Milk Bread
Half Chorizo - Pork Sausage with Red Wine, Flame Grilled and finished tableside
Trinchado Chicken - Red Wine, Creamy Sauce, Olives, Toasted Bread
Halloumi Cheese - Goat Cheese, Sweet and Sour
Snails - Chardonnay White Wine Garlic Sauce, Mixed Cheese
Calamari Curry - Creamy Coconut Curry Sauce, Rice, Chutney
Bacalao "A Brass" - Salt Cod, Shredded and Cooked with Onions, Garlic, Potatoes, Eggs, Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Tiramisu

Located in a sprawling space at the corner of Tropicana and Jones where proprietor Lubka (Luby) greeted us with a smile at the door as her husband, Ross, tended to the kitchen it would be difficult to imagine a more charming first impression of a new restaurant than the one with which I walked away from Vila Algarve on Saturday afternoon.  Empty save for one other table at our 2pm arrival and featuring a diverse menu anchored in rich Portuguese traditions with all stocks, sauces, and spice blends made in house it was with a small amount of experience in the region's cuisine that our quartet perused the options but with staff more than willing to engage, discuss, and suggest despite significant language barriers the seven items selected all proved not only well prepared and presented, but also highly educational and thoroughly enjoyable.  Skipping over seemingly out-of-place pizzas and pastas, though we were assured that these too are common to the cuisine, and focusing instead on the items favored by Luby as well as personal tastes it was with dense, warm milk bread that we began and with plates coursed out one-by-one appetizers commenced with lightly spiced Portuguese chorizo, ablaze on presentation and smoky with a snappy kielbasa-esque flavor, followed by squeaky griddled Halloumi with house-made sweet and sour serving to balance the brine.  Moving next to tender snails in thick garlic cream it was fourth that the primary reason for my visit arrived and living up to high hopes the milk-soaked and shredded preserved cod was perfect as two large cylinders arrived featuring ample salinity balanced by smashed potatoes, eggs, and subdued aromatics to form something rich, rustic, and satisfying...something I routinely seek out elsewhere now done well in my own back yard.  Rounding out the savories with two more richly sauced proteins including snappy squid in bright curry and tender chicken with notes of cumin, paprika, and something citrus perfuming the palate it was with full stomachs that Luby compelled us to order dessert, the tiramisu made by herself that morning, and whether 'traditional' or not I'm uncertain but either way the scoop of light mascarpone and bold coffee was much like the rest of the afternoon - delicious, comfortable, and served with gracious smiles and requests to come back soon, something I've no doubt the bacalao will compel.
Four of us met here for lunch so that we could try several dishes to try Portuguese food.  The owner, Lubka, told us it was the only Portuguese restaurant in Las Vegas.  

We were brought rolls and our drinks came quickly.  We ordered several starters to share.  First was a half chorizo that was cooked with red wine and flame grilled tableside.

Next, we had the dish Halloumi, goat cheese grilled over cypress and served with a sweet and sour sauce. 

Next came the snails cooked with a chardonnay white wine and garlic sauce and broiled with mixed cheeses and served with some toast slices.

Next was Bacalao, a dish made up of salted cod, mashed potatoes, garlic, onions, eggs and extra virgin olive oil and served with a salad of mixed greens.  Lubka (Luby) told us how they treated the salt cod daily with whole milk to remove the saltiness of the cod so it wasn't overpoweringly salty.

Then onto the chicken Trinchado.  The chicken is marinated in red wine and grilled.  It's then put in the Trinchado sauce which had a nice paprika flavor and a small hint of cumin.

Then we had the Calamari curry, a bowl of nicely cooked calamari in a curry sauce that didn't hit you up front but had a nice curry tang after the fact.  It was quite good.  With the calamari, we got rice and a container of chutney.  The flavors complimented each other nicely.

When we thought we had no more room, Luby insisted we have some dessert.  We went with the tiramisu.  It's quite a different looking dish from common tiramisu.  The  ladyfingers weren't like most tiramisu but there was a wonderful chocolate and 
coffee flavor in the ladyfingers and the mascarpone cheese made this a wonderful ending dish.

Service was outstanding for the two hours or so that we were there.  We asked that the dishes not be brought out all at once and they did one at a time.  Luby came to the table and asked if it was OK to start the next dish.  She explained the dishes when she brought them and she was an absolute joy!  She's very proud of her food and she has reason to be proud!  

This was a very memorable lunch with good company, good conversation, excellent food, and outstanding and very pleasant service.  Thanks to LJ and Niyen for the heads up on Vila Algarve.  I certainly expect to come back soon. I have to try some of their chicken livers and gizzards.  We opted not to do the organ meats yesterday.  That omission will be rectified soon!
Food is awesome! Service is great! Atmosphere is very nice! I am very glad I tried this place. I will definitely be back. The fish and chips were amazing, the flaming chorizo they bring to the table as a starter was wonderful and wow so was the beef espetada!!!
Went with my Portuguese friend. He was very happy.  Great lingusa  and beef. I would recommend it.
I had the most amazing lunch today. I tried a new restaurant, Vila Algarve. Not only was the food amazingly presented. It tasted even more amazing. Half Chorizo as a starter was served in a flaming dish. It was delicious. I had the Chicken Espetada (12 oz. marinated chicken) served on the skewer; this was the tenders' most flavorful chicken I have ever had! My partner had the Beef Espetada(12 oz. marinated beef) medium rare equally tender and flavorful.
Our server was attentive and very helpful. The décor gave you the feel of being in a Portugal bistro . The owners Luby & Linden are extremely  personal and accommodating. They have a full bar with great prices. Comfortable seating both inside and outside. There is even a stage area. The clean open atmosphere  is very inviting. Prices are very affordable. A great place for a romantic date or a family gathering.
Best traditional Portuguese cuisine in Vegas the place is very nice with a perfect "date night" surroundings. Their fish dishes are beyond delicious especially their "Bacalao" is cooked to perfection. Great place for any taste
Vila Algarve is a newly opened Portugese restaurant close to the strip. The restaurant has a dim lit, intimate vibe which is quite nice. The waitresses seat you when you enter, and the service is very friendly. We usually start off with the Beef Trinchado appetizer.  The cooked beef tastes great, and it comes with toasted bread perfect for dipping because the sauce...is delicious! Practically had us wiping the plate with our fingers. The owner offered some good wine to us as well.

I am a pasta man, so I ordered the Algarve Chicken Pasta. If you are a fan of Fettucini Alfredo dishes, this will be right up your alley. Once again, I was using bread to scoop up all that tasty pasta sauce. My lady ordered the Beef Espetadas. Very yummy pieces of beef sliced, and placed on a skewer. We gobbled it up like m&ms. A very filling dish. Comes with a side of vegetables/fries. To top it off, the owner gave us our first "dessert shots". I forgot the name of the dish but if she mentions it, do not sleep! It is a flavorful mix of mint, alcohol, and deliciousness. Next time I come back to the restaurant I will also like to try the Paella!

As much as I love eating at Vila Algarve, I do have a couple complaints. When it comes to extras, please expect to be charged for everything. This includes water and A1 steak sauce. Last time I was there, we also ran into a small situation where we were told the restaurant does not do split checks for guests. Very disappointing, so unfortunately I say this works best for small groups or if everyone has cash. However these things are minor if you know beforehand, I couldn't recommend this place enough!
I was so excited to see that Las Vegas finally had a Portuguese restaurant. It was wonderful and everything was made very fresh! The staff was great as well, which can be hard to find! I ordered their chouriço ,caldo verde( soup with kale, potato, and chouriço), and bacalhau a bras. They were wonderful and very authentic! I look forward to going back to support them and trying more things on the menu.
Went last night and had a fantastic Portuguese meal. The food is as good or  better than my Mother and Grandmother Portuguese cooking. As a 1st generation Portuguese born in the states I give this place 5 stars.... The owner spoke to us and we love her... Food is great !!!! please all Portuguese and Brazilian please try it you will love it... FORCA PORTUGAL!!!!!
Given that my parents are from Madeira Island, I was super excited to find this amazing restaurant. Lubi took care of us, as well as her very attentive wait staff. The food was amazing. Since I had never tried a pizza with Portuguese spices, I chose this for my entry. It was delicious and minus the greasiness of many pizzas. My boyfriend ordered the meat on the skewer which reminded me of family barbeque's from my childhood. If you want an authentic Portuguese dining experience, I highly recommend that you try Vila Algarve.
Amazing food, fantastic service, in a very clean and comfortable environment.  This is a new restaurant just a few blocks west of the strip, in the Spring Valley area.  The first bite of my lunch made me stop and look around.  I didn't know where that perfect balance of flavor was coming from.  Every bite was enjoyable and the only sad point is when I was done and couldn't keep eating.  The service was very caring, which is so rare in the food service industry today.  Lastly, the milieu is clean, slightly upscale without becoming pretentious, and complements the food and service perfectly.  You would be comfortable coming to this restaurant in flip flops and a tee, or dressed to the nines.  If you try it out because of my recommendation, please let me know what you thought!  Thanks for reading :)
If your reading this your already missing out!!

Bookmarking Vila a few weeks back I finally got here to an empty restaurant! I thought it was a little strange, that was until we met the Lubka!!! That's where our experience took off!!! After being sat and shown the menus we decided to go with all recommendations from the waitress and owner.

Starting off with some great house made sangria we ordered the Portuguese Chorizo and Snails! Wow..... These 2 starters we're simply brilliant, full of flavor and cooked to perfection. Highly recommended!!!

For our mains we ordered Portuguese Steak and Paella Portuguese style. Both were great, my favorite  had to be the Paella. It seemed a little like a southern style dish I've had before just with out the spice.

Now this is where Vila Algarve shines from the menu Desert: Mascarpone and Home Make Cake.... I don't know how to explain these 2, other than Epic!!!! I'm dead serious Epic!!! Texture, flavor and simply outstanding!! 

I would also like to say Vila is a very kid friendly restaurant with High chairs and a small menu for kids. The staff were fantastic with my one year old. Also they said they encourage people to bring along there little ones.

Also after 8pm they have some nice love music. I did say at the start of this review it was empty, once 7p came around the place started filling up quick.

This restaurant is going to take off!!! Having a very international staff and grounding in what it takes to make genuine European food, Vila Algarve is high end food with group and family like atmosphere...

5 stars
This place is just Wonderful !!! My wife and I have eaten here twice and the food was first rate !!! Very nice people !!! It's like going home and meeting old friends !!! So nice to have this kind of place in Vegas !!!   Bill Kipp
Expected better from all the raving reviews. Two of us got the Paella, we both agreed it tasted liked boxed Spanish rice, chicken on the skewer was dry and tough and the frys with it were just Ore Ida frozen ones. Tried the chicken liver appetizer, this was tasty, but I'm not sure why everyone on this site is raving about the toast, it's actually just white Wonder bread. Took 3 hours for us to get our food, owner did say it would take a while, (claiming it's all fresh made), it's more like they only have to burners on the stove and 1 sauce pan, literally brought out 1 dish then would have to wait 10-15 minutes for someone else's dish (not busy either, only 5 other people there).  Over-rated and more expensive.
I loved the sea food platter. WOW - it comes with 2 lobster tails, Tiger shrimp, green lips mussels, calamari, and 2 white fish filets - all grilled and healthy. The price? .... just $49. It goes very well with Vino Verde, the popular Portuguese white wine that is so difficult to find in most US restaurants.
This place is amazing!  I started going there on a regular basis about a month ago and everything I have tried on their menu has been incredibly fresh and cooked to order. The staff is wonderful and the service impeccable. The sea food is so fresh as though they just fished it out of the ocean this morning. And the prices are VERY affordable.  It is a family friendly place, great to bring kids to, they made a special cheese pita for my 6 yr old picky eater , that Lubi the owner, suggested and my son loved it! Way to go guys! I know Vila Algarve is going to become one of Las Vegas's top restaurants soon!
I really wanted to love this place but there were some problems. To start the sangria is watered down and with it being 20 bucks, it is not worth 5 in my opinion.

The snails have a garlicky cheese sauce and were amazing, must try.  

In an attempt to find a cheese I had in Portugal I got their grilled cheese with the peri peri sauce.  It's not bad worth a try.

Sardines, one of the waitresses recommended adding balsamic to these and wow it was great.

The gizzards with a gravy, now these are chicken gizzards and have a beef tasting gravy.  It really didn't do it for me.  Beef and chicken two separate flavors that need to be separate.

The paella well it was soupy and tomato based need I say more.
Unfortunately, my experience at Vila Algarve did not measure up with the expectations the reviews on Yelp created. While the service was friendly, we walked in at 5pm and the restaurant was completely empty. Because the space is large, it made the experience a little eerie. Only one other table would show up within the hour or so that we were there.

For the food, we tried a cheesy tripe dish, portuguese sausage, and a chicken curry. Whether or not it was a bad night or the food quality has gone down, everything was quite bland. For example, the chicken in the curry tasted good at first, but once getting to the center of the chicken, it was basically tasteless. 

We also got some complimentary bread and oil with balsamic vinegar, but even the bread tasted somewhat stale and flavorless.

I do hope that the restaurant is able to find some success, but I simply wasn't impressed with the food that night. It actually reminds me of one of those restaurant rescue shows - they need to slim down the menu and focus on high quality choices because as of now they touch on too many different cuisines.
Delicious food, great service. I am recommending this place to everyone!
This place is a true gem and I feel so lucky to have the only Portuguese restaurant in Vegas so close to me! I recently returned from a trip around Portugal and Vila Algarve is truly authentic. We had the half chorizo, shrimp tails, bacalhau, verde soup, dolmades and calamari curry. Everything was spectacular but the chorizo and bacalhau stand out. The owner and her family are genuine and provide a European restaurant experience. I'm even more excited by the fact they offer Douro valley red wine. I do wish they had some by the glass but I'll gladly polish off a bottle. I'm hoping they'll incorporate a late night happy hour, as I think this could be an industry hot spot.
I have never tried portuguesse cusine before. I absolutely loved it! The food is sinfuly delicious! The staff were outstanding. I recommend this place ti everyone!
Wow!  My wife and I kept putting off going Vila Algarve to eat because of the mixed reviews, we are very sad that we put it off. We lived in the Azores for 19 months and are very familiar with Portuguese food, we were not disappointed by the experience. First of all we were greeted at the door by Luby and shown to a great table. Our server did a great job of explaining things on the menu and pointed us in the right direction. We started out with a bottle of Vinho Verde and two appetizers; halloumi cheese and grilled calamari.  What a great start!  For our entree, we shared the Bacallau Assado and the grilled scallops. The cod fish was amazing with a little drizzle of balsamic vinegar and the scallops we the best I have ever had. Seriously, the scallops were like butter they were so rich and delicate. For desert we shared the flour less walnut chocolate cake and coffees (meia de leite and espresso). Everything was fresh and delicious. The service was stellar. More people owe it to themselves to try the amazing restaurant. Do not expect fast, American style food. This is pretty authentic Portuguese/European style dining. Slow down and enjoy Vila Algarve, you will be glad you did!
Hmmmmm....ok service was great and informative the cheese appetizer was really good unfortunately it took awhile....the food was also great but again it took awhile...if this place was packed it would take a day for you to get your meal...lol
But they pride themselves on taking time for your meal...a European thing I quess...
Overall good enough but make sure to clean your schedule for that night
We went here because it is close to where we live. We we pleasantly surprised with the evening. We started with the chorizo. It was great as was the homemade sauce it came with. I had the scallops, which were large and perfectly cooked, very tender. My husband had the beef espetada, and it was amazing. Well cooked, the marinade was perfect. Our waitress was very helpful and it is a restaurant that I would recommend.
Everything was awesome! The presentation was beautiful and the chef came out to meet and talk to us.
I've been so excited to see a Portuguese restaurant coming into the neighborhood since the first "coming soon!!" In the windows.   For weeks every time I walked by I whispered "please have shrimp rissois on the menu, please have shrimp rissois on the menu, please have shrimp rissois on the menu".

Our group of friends decided we would all go together and last night was finally the night! 

THE SHRIMP RISSOIS ARE LOVELY!!! Prayers: answered.  The beauty of these little handmade fried dumplings is the crispy breaded outside with the creamy shrimpy goodness inside.  They're high on my list of comfort foods. 

 I had the Bacalhau com natas... what a lovely plate of cod with a cheesy creamy topping,  generous portion too with black olive garnish mmm... The food was all piping hot when it got to the table.  The chorizos were flambéd right at the table!! (And all who tried it said it was delicious and not greasy) two of our friends had a steak and cheese sandwhich with a spicy gravy and a fried egg on top - that looked amazing... two had the pork and beef skewers and commented that the spice rub was just right, flavorful with heat, but not overpowering.  My sister in law had steak with potatoes and an egg, she was impressed at how perfectly the steak was done to her order (medium rare)... 

We didn't even wait for our mains to make our verdict - after the appetisers (the afore mentioned rissois, along with cod cakes and 2 chorizos) we had decided we were definitely coming back.  

The wait staff were helpful and attentive, I had trouble deciding between the two bacalhau dishes and with a single question "do you like salty food" our waitress helped me decide.  I've never had bacalhau com natas before and wasn't sure what to expect, while I want to try more dishes, I know that's a solid go-to for me next time I'm there. 

We were all surprised, with the size of our meals - 6 mains, 6 or 7 starters - at the size of our check - only £99!! It's BYOB but still, that was a nice surprise.  

We live in the neighborhood and Tugas is always fairly packed so I'd advise making a reservation.

Tugas Amor will, if it hasn't already, outgrow it's space, I hope it doesn't leave the neighborhood, but when and if it moves, I will happily go cross town for a fix.
This wee charming restaurant definitely reminded me of Lisboa. There are a total of about 7 tables (give or take).  So booking in advance is a good idea. 
I had the chicken piri piri. My chicken was cooked perfectly . Reminded me of the chargrilled chicken I had in a wee place  when visiting Portugal. The chips are from frozen and the salad was a measly piece of iceberg with a couple of tomato wedges. This is actually pretty typically how food is served in a lot of places, and the chips were actually pretty tasty considering they were frozen. I just don't find too satisfying paying 9£ for a plate of frozen chips a meager salad and some chicken.
This wee place was certainly an experience. My friend lives nearby and for once there was a table, so we figured - why not?! 

We definitely felt like we'd stepped into a restaurant in Portugal: the World Cup was on in the background (not annoyingly so), the vibrant decor, the intimate feel of the place and the sun was pouring through the window... 

The waiter was extremely enthusiastic about his country and eager to tell us of life in Portugal - that particular evening was a special day in Portugal and apparently his friends back home were 'getting drunk at this moment!'

As for the food, the word I'd use is 'interesting'. The veggie options were largely tofu-based, and our new friend, the waiter, encouraged me to try one of them. It was a cheesy, omelettey, garlicy, oniony concoction which would have been lovely for breakfast, but it wasn't quite what I had in mind! I'd be keen to go for one of the tapas options next time. 

My friend's chicken piripiri on the other hand, was a total hit.

I'd go back for the atmosphere and holiday vibes, but I advise to be careful when choosing interesting new dishes.
A small little restaurant with big heart!

The food is excellent, the guys who work there are really excited about the food and encourage people to try new things. The place is nearly always busy but weirdly enough it was a relaxed atmosphere - no-one seems to get too stressed, and everyone seems to enjoy themselves (both staff and customers).

It's a brilliant spot and I've been back several times - it's a great place to bring people who've not had portuguese food before. It's way cheaper (it's BYOB too) and more filling than Nando's across the road and definitely a lot more fun.
I live close by this new Portuguese restaurant, and I was looking forward to trying it. 

According to a Portuguese friend of mine, Tuga is a short term for Portuga/Portuguese, so Tuga Amor - Portuguese love, and I think it's a nice match. 

It's a small cosy restaurant with friendly and smiley staff, the little neighbourhood restaurant that you can visit any time you don't feel like cooking or as a treat!

It is a BYOB place, but since we were not in the mood for alcohol we tried out the Portuguese pineapple soda, which was refreshing on a warm day!

As a starter we shared a cold dish, Portuguese cheese, with a brilliant rich flavour, sprinkled with paprika. 

My other half had a beef steak with a fried egg on top which was quite filling, while I couldn't resist ordering beef and pork skewers with fries and salad!! There were pepper or onion slices in between the meat pieces and it balanced very well. The fries were French style, which is closer to the typical ones you will find in Mediterranean Sea, flavour-wise normal.

For a Portuguese restaurant it would make sense to have a bit better quality olives, but maybe I had high expectations!

I would give it 3.5 stars but since there is no such option I'll go for three - space for improvement!!!

I will certainly go back to try more!