Don't call them Sno-cones! 

New Orleans Sno Ball, Coffee, and Chicory  shares the same building on E. Indian School Rd.  as Two Hippies Magic Mushroom and Mamma Mia's Subs. They serve authentic New Orleans Sno-balls from an old-time Sno-Wizard ice shaver. They had 50 flavors, including old favorites like Cherry, Spearmint, and Grape, and other more exotic flavors like King Cake and Red Velvet Cake. We ordered the Red Velvet Cake and it was tops! The ice was very soft and the sno-ball had just the right amount of flavoring syrup. 

They carry coffee and chicory and some other Cajun/Creole cooking products and also sell Zapp's Potato Chips. The owner and sno-ball maker were especially nice, and will reminisce about New Orleans with you while you wait for your sno-ball!

I'll be going back, especially if New Orleans Sno ball starts selling King Cakes around Mardi Gras. Until then, I'll keep coming back to get my sno-ball fix here.
So I walked in here after having some cheap greasy pizza at mamma mias next door. I thought they were sno-cones. Well not really. They are shaved ice with high fructose syrup on top. 

Not really sure what the difference is. I had a sample of the hot flavor. I figured hot and ice, how could you go wrong? It was an unfortunate substitute for cinnamon and was not very spicy. But it was a sample. 

I purchased an iced chiquory coffee. It was pretty tasty. However, I am used to my iced coffee beverages to be more like Starbucks aka bitter, smoky and delicious. But I like supporting small business. It had half and half and some syrup (likely vanilla) in the middle and going through coffee then latte back to latte was a nice treat and lovely departure from the same. Although the drink was 3.50 it had its merits.

The proprietor, whose name escapes me currently, was very helpful and nice. I would go back just to talk to him.
This is my idea of a stay-cation.   I no longer have to jones for all of the things I left behind in New Orleans - I just pop into New Orleans Sno Ball for a Wedding Cake Sno Ball with Condensed Milk drizzled on top, some great conversation with someone who has a really familiar accent, maybe a coffee to go, and BAM!!  I could have been in a shop on Magazine Street!

Okay, I know what is on the agenda for today!!  But it might be Nectar, or Tigers Blood, or Creamsicle!  Too many choices - 50 to be exact!!  Perfect treat year round.  Give it a try peeps - and if you have little ones and don't want the mess ask for a "flat top".
Good authentic NOLA treats
Completing our trifecta of food for lunch at the corner of 7th St. and Indian School on Saturday was New Orleans Sno Ball.  

I let the kids choose between this place and Sacred Hogan for a dessert capper after Mamma Mia's pizza.  One went with frybread the other with Sno Ball.

I liked this place immediately.  The congenial and conversant owner made us feel welcome as soon as we walked in.  I recognized that the shaved ice machine was older and more classical looking than the one I am used to seeing at our neighborhood Water & Ice.

As he began making the shaved ice for my daughter I could see that the product coming out was much finer than we are used to.  My daughter ordered grape flavor and he was so busy chatting with us that he made orange.  He noticed as he was finishing that he had grabbed the wrong flavor and offered a taste before making another one.  My daughter chose to keep the orange.  Light and refreshing!

Now there is only one more location to try at this intersection - Two Hippies burgers.  Perhaps another weekend outing.
A friend and I stopped in today, not realizing it's usually closed on Mondays.  The owner, a super-friendly and very delightful man, let us in anyway and fixed us up with some tasty, tasty shave ice!  My fuzzy navel wasn't exactly peachy or orangey, but it was very good, and my friend's mango was really, really good.  I look forward to stopping in again and trying other flavors.  We were told the shop will be moving to 7th St. & Bethany sometime between now and mid-August.  Will defintiely stop by the new digs.
New Orleans Sno Ball is extremely convenient, inexpensive, and tasty.  The owner says he uses pure ice blocks, which is why his product is better than his competitors'.  For $2.50 you get a medium (12 ounce?) cup of sno, which never loses flavor.  I got the tiger's blood flavor (berries with a hint of coconut) and I highly recommend it.
A welcome surprise of a little hole in da wall kinda place. Super friendly owners, Zoe and Jeff were happy to share their story and suggest flavors...they have 50!
Soft melty shaved ice, just like the fluffy ice you find in Japan or Hawai'i. Its also the first place that offers the sweetened condensed milk on top. Perfect.

The only trouble is, they are so hidden. Look for the big rolled down sun shade with OPEN spray painted on it. They usually have a big wooden sign in the parking lot as well.

Its easy to miss, but look for it!! Its worth the tasty and refreshing treat. (^_^)b
We love working with New Orleans Sno Ball. Delicious treat and a wonderful staff!
Even though it still feb, its was hot out today.  My family was out in the sun and all wanted to cool off a bit.  The New Orleans Sno Ball hit the spot.  The ice was the perfect consistency and allowed the tasty syrup to melt it just right.  I had the tiger's blood, my husband the hurricane and daughter black cherry.  All were great and nex time I am going to try strawberry cheesecake.  
This is a must for May-Sept in Phoenix!
Excellent! 

I was dealing with a cranky 5-year-old with a serious case of dry-mouth when I happened to see this place off to the East of 7th Street. I quickly parked, wandered in, and lo-and-behold: A genuine find!

The sign outside says 51 flavors, but there are 53 on the menu, and owner Jeff says that the real mathematical limit is something closer to 304. I was impressed with the blueberry plus cajun cream he whipped up.

The price for the medium is a very, very affordable $2.50. For that you get what appears to be about 32 heaping ounces of deliciously-flavored shaved ice. Take that, Scottsdale Gelati hang!

Try it. You'll like it!
Gotta love the Sno Balls!
I have never been to New Orleans during the warm months - all my trips have been late October - early January - so I have never tried a Sno Ball in it's natural habitat.

That said...I have a bunch of NOLA friends - and they all assure me this is the real deal. While I have to take their word on the authenticity for now - my own taste buds tell me this is GREAT!

Sure - most of the flavors and the concept is similar to a snow cone. But the ice is shaved so much finer - it's an amazing texture - not at all grainy.  Really like the Rocky Mountain snow I grew up with in northern New Mexico.

Over 50 flavors to choose from - check out the website, or better yet - go in and get one (or 5!)

Great for kids 2-92!
I'm a New Orleans native, and grew up on Sno-Balls. And it's been hit or miss trying to find them in the Valley of the Sun for the 25 years I've lived here. Until now.....New Orleans Sno Ball is the real deal, made with a proper Snow-Wizard ice grinder and plenty of delicious syrup choices. Summer's here, and the time is right for Sno Balls on the palate. Getcha one, I bet you'll be back.....
This place is amazing! I had a pregnancy craving for shaved ice and the water connect place was closed. I remembered seeing this place on Yelp, so my friend and I decided to try it. Thank god we did. The man working last night was Jeff. Super nice and is determined to find you a flavor you like. It's hard to chose one of the 50 + flavors, so he let us try a few. He let us try Blue Eagle, Pink Champagne and Orchid Cream Vanilla. All fantastic and all I highly recommend. I settled on the Orchid Cream Vanilla because it reminds me of fresh butter cream, but without all the sweetness. 

If you want a great summer treat this place is worth trying.
You Have to try this place it simply amazing. You won't get hard chunks of  ice like most snowballs. These snowballs are powder soft and bursting with flavor. Sweet cold and refreshing.

 Jeff the owner is a super nice guy who is determined to find a flavor you will love, There are 53 flavors to choose from and I plan on making my way through the list!
Finally found this place.
I had the cherry.It was GREAT!!!!
I got the medium and it was a big damn medium for 2.50.
This is the perfect snack for the heat we're subjected to.
There was a family of 4 being helped when I got there and another family of I think 3 arrived shortly after me.
There was only the one guy working.
He seemed to be a bit frazzled...
My wife recommended this place and it has been awesome! The Snow cones are REALLY good and at this time of year, refreshing. So many flavors to choose from and the owner was very friendly. If you haven't checked it out, do it now!!!
Hands down, as good as it gets! The array of flavor choices is out of this world, almost 50 flavors to pick from. And the guy running the shop is the nicest sweetest guy. My co-workers and I went and got 4 smalls and didn't have cash on us, he told it was on the house! (We found some cash)

the syrups he uses are crazy how good they tase and the ice is shaved so soft and thin, it's a beautiful thing. The shop looks a little dingy outside but you know that makes for the best places on the inside. Decorated out in New Orleans memoriblia and awards from over the years for rocking at sno balls.

He is looking into opening another shop on Roosevelt, so check him out!
What a great place. My wife was craving sno cones so we looked on yelp. It was around 8 pm and just decided to call to see if they might still be open. The owner asked where I was which was a few miles away and stayed open for us. Who would do that these days, nobody. Buy he did and it was absolutely delicious.
Pro: great product at a great price served with a great attitude.

Con:  sketchy strip center

No brainer when it's a hundred and a milliion outside.  We told the guy his prices were too low.  He laughed.   Great assortment of flavors.

You can't afford not to go here when you need a cool treat for the kids.
Well worth the drive from south Scottsdale. Reminds me of shave ice from the north shore of Hawaii.
place is great. love the nola memorabilia on the walls. there are so many flavors its great, you can mix and match forever and there would still be something new to try! my fav is sour tigers blood and blue raspberry, yummmm!
Delicious, flavorful syrups, that aren't overly sticky sweet. Ice is soft and doesn't melt to total liquid before you get to the bottom of the cup. Try banana with the cream on top!
Great place, unfortunately the last two times I have tried to go they were closed (during the business hours listed). You may want to call ahead before you make the drive
Would be nice if you opened on time (or at all). Or at the very least change the hours of operation on Yelp (and the door) so people aren't driving across town only to find you're closed. Disappointing...
Tried 20+ flavors and counting...all good! Even the newly unveiled Dill Pickle...take that one for a test drive!
Best we've ever had. The flavors were rich and delicious. Very unique place. Happy to recommend this place. Better than ice cream!! Prices are too good not to pass up trying it.
Best sno-balls ever and I mean ever.
This place is incredible!  I drive all the way from Tempe to him (about 20 minutes) but it's so worth the drive!  The owner is really sweet and helps you make a decision from his, like, 100 flavor options.  He will mix flavors for you too!  It's a hole in the wall, but it's super cheap!  I even get a plain one for my dog - great summer treat!
I think I'm going to go here today!  What a beautiful day for a sno ball.  I'd heard about it for a long time and finally wandered in about a month ago.  The owner was super cool and helpful and is sort of a sno ball alchemist.  There were many different brightly colored syrups to choose from behind the counter, but I had a sour cherry jones going on.   The owner customized the level of sour in my cherry to my taste which was bitchen.   He then discussed that the city and especially the neighborhood had so embraced him and his business and the mayor came in occasionally.  This warmed my little heart as I always root for the local businesses.  Please patronize and keep this little gem in business for a long time....Perfect place to take kids.  At least the ones whose parents will still let little Landon or Rhubarb or Bamboo or whatever folks are naming their kids these days have sugar.  Yea for N.O. Sno Ball!
Really great flavors! This guy is a mix master- comes up with some neat combinations! Try it- i'm not even a Snow Ball lover and I liked it. So did hubby and niece!   Inexpensive and large sizes too!
HOLY. COW. This is one of the best, and I mean BEST, places in Phoenix. 
The prices are ridiculously low, the service is fantastic, and the snoballs are out of this world. 
(FYI Snoballs are 100x better than snow cones. Trust me.)

The owner himself works the counter and is a really nice guy. He hand makes all the flavors, and many times has custom ones not on the regular menu. 
I love his pink lemonade flavor with the Creole Cream!
Always have to stop by when we are in the area. The owner is awesome and always whipping up new concoctions. Go with his suggestions for flavor pairings and you're in for a treat.
Was in the area a few weeks ago with my hubby, craving a snow cone. Did a quick Yelp search on my iphone and found this place and it was exactly what I wanted.

Don't expect much when you go here - it really is a hole in the wall. But the snow cones are great, cheap and he has tons of flavors. And the small is more like a large. I couldn't even finish it.

Definitely a great summer treat if you're nearby.
As many mentioned heard lots about this place. My experience was fantastic. Had not read any reviews about the owners good nature and generosity but had the EXACT impression. More than generous and patient with the samples and three curious kids. When one kid wasn't WILD about his own bizarre concoction the owner made a new one and would not accept $. I love local I love personality and CUSTOMER SERVICE.  We will be back many times and can't wait to spread the word
Super friendly and they make great sno balls!
Definitely a new favorite.  I had a small with wedding cake flavor and it was awesome!!!  it had a hint of coconut.  next time I plan to try it with the creole cream.
Awesome flavors!
Outstanding summer refreshment! The orchid cream no. 50 is fantastic!
This place is great.  The flavor selection is huge, the owner is very nice, and the prices are right.  What more could you want?  I tried the Nectar which is almond and vanilla and had it topped with Creole Cream which the owner said was his own non-dairy concoction.  I didn't ask what it was made from but it was quite tasty.  Go grab a snoball you won't be disappointed.
I'm hooked after just one visit! I can't stop thinking about these sno cones! I want to get one every weekend. Yum! Only thing stopping me is its not as close to my house as I would prefer. 
I tried the cherry and my husband had the strawberry. Both were excellent! The way they cut the ice makes it so the flavor is evenly distributed throughout. Try it! I'm sure you will become hooked as well.
Nuff said.
My boyfriend and I came here last Friday after a hot day at the zoo looking to fulfill our shaved ice cravings. We were greeted by the nice man behind the counter as soon as we entered and, after informing him that it was our first time there and asking for recommendations, he quickly put together a medium Hawaiian for myself and a Bahama Mama for my other half. Both were delicious and cheap for the size that we were given.

Aside from his wonderful recommendations for us, he also offered us samples so that we could fully experience the New Orleans Sno Ball experience. He informed us that he hand makes all his flavors and you could tell that he is truly knowledgeable about his stuff as well as passionate about his business.

From the delicious flavors to the generous owner, this place definitely deserves 5 stars!
I travel A LOT for work, and trust me, i've had some pretty raunchy tasting stuff, but this was just absolutely great.I ordered a pineapple flavored cone, and it was so absolutely friggin' flavorful!No it may not be too good for my diet...but it was totally worth, stop by this place, it's definitely worth a shot.Or in this case...a cone.
Sno Balls are NOT Snow Cones!

I learned this first hand straight from the source on my most recent visit to The Big Easy, and though the gentleman running this shop is not from NOLA, you would never know it. He's got the ice making down to an art, and it shows. 

These cold treats are AMAZE-BALLS and make for the perfect snack on a hot PHX day. Even on a cold day...just yum. I was really into the egg custard, along with every other delicious concoction he twisted my arm into trying (har-har) Even after tons of sampling, we hung around the tiny shop just to socialize, as he was quite the conversationalist.

Definitely of huge fan of businesses that go the extra mile to put a smile on their customers faces and and am determined to return again and again to try every last combination he's come up with. They can't allll be OUTRAGEOUSLY delicious...can they?

Be careful not to miss it when you drive by. I've probably done so at least a thousand times without realizing. However, after having tried the infamous ice, will never be able to make that mistake again:)
Meh. Don't get the hype.  No different than the water and ice places on every street corner.  Service was cold, too.
My daughter and I love this place. We just moved to Phoenix and this was a great way to beat the heat. Get the Orchid creme flavor! The owner makes all the flavors there and you can mix and match anything. There is a lot of sugar and flavor in the syrups, so we usually stick with the small cup.
What a nice treat and affordable too. The ice is fluffy just like the snow back home up north. The flavors range from classic to contemporary. The owner is a great guy and has a LSU banner up despite the fact he is from ASU BUSTED.
My son absolutely loves this place (I do too).....He said "tigers blood is the most best flavor I think". You can get a mini sno ball for 75 cents, which is perfect for the little ones. I'll admit that the owner can be a little "cold" but he has passion for his product and knows his stuff.
Talk about a hole in the wall! LOL! This place was great! The prices were awesome too! We went to "New Orleans Sno Ball" based solely on the opinions of Yelp'ers, and I must say we were pleasantly surprised. First things first, the location was kinda ghetto, although I never feared my life was in danger at any point. It was dark, and we must've arrived about 40 minutes prior to closing. We were served by a sweet teenage girl who let us sample a few flavors before purchasing. The prices were great and the serving portions were awesome, as well. 

I must say, if it had been summer during our visit to Phoenix, this place would have been a must! A sno ball is just the thing you need to beat the heat! By the way, they we're delicious! I finished my wife's because it was too big, and finished my son's for the same reason... One of the advantages of being a dad. LOL! I totally recommend this place!

Don't forget to order the creole cream!
Love this place and the gentleman running it was anything but cold. He is one of the friendliest business owners in the area. He turned me on to a fruity, creamy concoction that was to die for. In fact I need to stop in today!!
I found this gem from Yelp. I drove by a few times before I located the door. As other reviewers have stated- there are over 50 different homemade  flavors that go into the snow cones. 

The owner is very nice, and their prices are very reasonable, borderline very cheap.

Great place to bring the family.
Like a number of the reviewers here, I've driven by this place a gazillion times without noticing it, since it occupies a relatively tiny space in a generic commercial strip. it wasn't until my friend and fellow yelper John M. asked me to join him for a refreshing treat here that I knew this place was here, and it's just in my neighborhood! The sno balls are made of shaved ice, giving them a much smoother "feel' than snow cones with their coarse ice granules. There is an impressive array of flavored syrups, making for an almost infinite number of possible flavor combinations. The sno balls are always nicely flavored, very refreshing, and so inexpensive - a real win every time!
I've had sno balls in New Orleans and it's exactly like my memory.  Really rich flavors and great prices!
The husband and I love this place and greatly prefer it to Bahama Buck's & Rita's. Plus, its centrally located. Really bummed that they are closed for the winter, I have been craving a Tiger's Blood snow-ball for months =)

Kind of small and hard to find location in a strip mall on the east side of the street. Super clean though, and the owner is very friendly and loves to tell you about all of his new flavors! Cash only.
Sad to hear that this place has possibly closed for good. 

Awesome little hole in the wall shaved ice joint. My favorite flavor is tiger blood and banana. This place was great during my summer pregnancy last year! 

The owner is friendly and seems to love what he does! You absolutely cannot not beat the prices! Try adding a scoop of ice cream in you next shaved ice!
This is the only place in town that has snow cones and these are New Orleans style also - which I think are the best! This place is in the shell gas station parking lot at the northwest corner of Horizon Ridge and Arroyo Grande. The prices are reasonable and are a great treat while it's 100+ degrees outside!
Kid that works there is great. They have something there to make everyone's snow cone the toot de la toot of snowcones. 

I got the $4 King of Cones (I just made that name up) = Large single flavored with Ice cream at the bottom. They have a small for like $2 which might have been plenty since the large was rather large.

BRING CASH!!! The chump gas station host doesn't do cash back so I had to use the ATM machine which cost me $2.99 on their end and $2 on my bank side. Nonetheless we still tipped the kid $4 for the cones because it was a great experience. I signed up for this yelp site just to tell everyone about it.
Who would ever imagine that sugary flavored ice could be so good. There is just something so relaxing, calming and yet so excitable to enjoy one of  the many different flavored snow cones offered from The Purple Penguin. 
For a while now I had been driving past the well decorated Purple Penguin trailer and noticed that it always seemed to have a line of people awaiting their delectable icy treats.  Curiosity finally got the better of me.  After all, how can a snow cone cause this kind of draw.  Well, to my surprise the goodness contained in the ice was addictingly scrumptious.  Unfortunately I discovered the place towards the end of the snow cone season, as The Purple Penguin closes for winter at the end of August until April.  The season end is the only drawback of the Purple Penguin Snowcone Shack.
Super yummy snow cones in my neighborhood....and I happened to go on the last day they are open until April!

Lots of flavor choices, plus you can add cream (condensed milk) or ice cream.

Small, medium, large, all under $3.50!  I got a medium coconut-margarita-daquiri with cream and it was sooo yummy.  The service was excellent too!!!!  A fun place!
These frozen treats are AMAZING! It is the ice! The ice is not crunchy or granular at all it is smooth and perfect...no comparison to a regular sno cone or a hawaiian shave ice...its much better!!! I mean zillions and trillions times better!! I try and have one every day because they are that GOOD! The flavors are amazing too. My favorite way is with a scoop of ice cream on the bottom and sometimes cream on the top....its delicious!
They are only here 6 months so get while the getting is good!! You will love it!
Finally got an early jump on The Penguin this year. Just redeemed my frequent buyer card for my free Large Snowcone.  The purple Penguin is snowballing (pun intended) in popularity. If you happen to drive by with little or no line, take every opportunity to seize that moment to grab your cone. Otherwise expect to wait in line a bit, but never fear the wait will payoff huge dividends. I expect The penguin to give away many large Snowcones this year as the faithful customers continue to redeem their cards.
Found my new flavor combo: Margarita/Mango
Warning these snowcones are addicting. (can you tell by all the check-ins Ive had?) Snowcones made here are like fresh fallen powdery snow I kid you not. Every spoonful of icy goodness is full of flavor from start to finish! The friendly peeps at the PPSS know their stuff.  If you see a long line dont fret, just sweat it out, it's worth the wait. (and really the wait isnt that long)
The Pickle Juice with the Margarita flavors goes well together.

Try the red velvet! ...And dont forget to get a punch card. Buy 9 (any size) and you get a LARGE one for FREE!
Excellent ice texture and flavors, but the condensed milk is not quite right.  It was thin and runny.  Can't figure out if it is a cheap brand or watered down.  In New Orleans they use Eagle Brand condensed milk and it is excellent!
Took the kids here on a recommendation. Waited in line for 45 minutes. Snow cones were inhaled by the kids. The service was very friendly. For a unique treat, add cream to your flavor. Overall, it was really good but would not wait 45 minutes again.
First time visit today.  Had the watermelon with coconut and cream....so yummy!  If I had to explain the texture, I'd say it's between the texture of your typical snowcone ice and a slurpee.  The people were friendly.  Had to wait about 20 minutes but they had umbrellas for people to use.  I will definitely come back, especially in this Las Vegas 
heat!!!
I don't have enough nice things to say about Purple Penguin. We try to go in the middle of the week so the wait isn't as long but even when there is a line - it's totally worth it.

My favorite is the blue bubble gum. Oh wait... cherry and watermelon... nope... green apple?

Heck, I like them all and have been bugging my daughter to try the pickle juice but she's not been brave enough yet.

The service is always super friendly and this season they have umbrellas for people to use to shade themselves while waiting in the sun.

I will reiterate what others have mentioned... BRING CASH.
Last night my bf and I were driving over to costco and on our way home. He wanted to try this place called the purple penguin. Wowee the line for this place was super long. Long lines= delicious food. When it was finally our turn to order we had the cake batter, sour apple, and pineapple. The apple and pineapple were okay but the cake batter was so sweet and delicious. What a refreshing treat to end the night with! The snow that they made was not as fine as Snow Ono, which was still fine. After I would put a spoonful into my mouth, I would try to suck the syrup out and let the ice melt in my mouth. By the time I was finished I had total brain freeze. Two thumbs up!
This was my first visit to the Purple Penguin and I am hooked! This was undoubtedly the best snow cone I have ever had! The have a huge selection of flavors to choose from and you can mix and match. I picked Blue Raspberry and Cherry and my husband had Banana and Cherry. Next time I will get all Banana it was so tasty. The ice is so soft and fluffy, no ice crystals. It is like perfectly fallen snow. The small is only $2 and it was plenty for me since it is very sweet. Totally worth the wait, don't give up if there is a line. We waited over 20 min and I would do it again and again! They say they close at 8p, but we got there at 7:50p and there were about 20 people ahead of us in line and by 8:20, still that many in line behind us - so I guess they keep serving past the "closing" time. If you like snow cones, or even if you don't, try it and you will love it!
Passed this place quite a few times - always a line. Have been trying to convince the hubby to join me for a late evening snack. Glad we didn't go too late as they close at 8, though we arrived a few minutes before and the line continued to grow behind us. I had the coconut mango with a .25 upcharge for cream. You can add ice cream for .50. It was yummy, smooth, cold and just sweet enough. Will return and wait in line for their treats. $2 small $2.50 medium $3 large Small is big!
We came to Purple Penguin at the advice of a bunch of friends from church. We happened to be in the area, and in need of dessert so we stopped at the snow cone shack. I had already prepared myself mentally for the possibility of a wait, and there was definitely a wait- nearly 40 minutes! This is one of the reason that I didn't give it 5 stars. We had the kiddos with us, and the got pretty restless. HOWEVER- I will say that it was absolutely worth the wait! The Purple Penguin has a great selection of off-the-wall flavors like mojito, fuzzy navel, pickle juice and red velvet cake. The also provide a sugar-free selection for the sugar conscience residents here in the valley. The "snow" is actually produced by a snow-ball machine, and it super smooth. None of the crunchy ice you get at a typical snow cone stand! You can combine flavors and even top off your snow cone with cream or ICE CREAM! I went with the sugar free red-velvet, and topped the medium sized snow cone off with cream. It was heaven on ice! Much Love to the Purple Penguin. We will be back :)
OK, this is a great place to go.  I will be back for sure!  Just coming back from Hawaii and have the best "ono" shaved ice, I would say that this place in terms of taste and enjoyment is not shabby at all.

1.  Parking - This place is in a Shell station lot, so parking is what it is. Not a lot.

2.  Lines - The lines to get this stuff is long, and the process that they use to make it is not the most efficient, so the line is slow. Be prepared to wait and if it is very hot, well, you will have your wonderful shave ice soon.

3.  Service - All the staff is very nice. They will explain the odd flavors like Hurricane and the Pickle flavor.... Very odd, but hey,  you gotta try it.

4.  Price - Great pricing and all the right add on.

5.  Taste - Not bad at all. I like how they will pack the flavor into the first layer and then add more ice and add more flavor on top.  The process they use to make this, seems to have too many steps and too mechanical, which leads to longer time to make the shaved ice.  If they have practice, they can make it faster and get the line moving and increase sales for sure.

GK says check this place out. Unique, fun great tasting.  No where to sit, no where to stand, and yet the best things in life are not the things, so don't focus on what is not there.  You just get over there and enjoy!
First visit on 8-25-11 really good snowcone/shaved ice whatever you wanna call it!!! a bit of a long line but hey it was refreshing!!!! Wanna go back for more!!!
Okay so when was the last time it was 114 degrees out and you were in your car wishing your AC was just a tad colder and you couldn't stop thinking that you would like an ice cold treat. Well take a drive down Horizon Ridge and it will be a like a mirage in the Sahara, no your eyes don't deceive you, that is a Smiling purple penguin and it looks like there is a line from sea world waiting to check it out. 

After hearing more than enough good things about this place I was beginning to think they gave out twenties with each purchase because these people talk about it like they are getting paid to advertise, and there is no way that this place is that good, come on it is shaved ice and sugar flavoring....Right.... Wrong!! It has to be one of the best cones of snow you have ever eaten, they have flavors from pina colada to red velvet even Horchata... 

Yes the parking is tough because it is at a gas station and the line is long but come on folks, we will wait in line for our dudes at the slider truck and why is that.... Because they are delicious and anything worth putting in your mouth is worth waiting for so why not wait in line for the penguin.

All in all I give two cones up to the PPSS.. see you next season buddy
I don't think you'll find a better snow cone place in town! I only wish they were open year-around!! The employees are so nice and they always smile. I love that they supply umbrella's for the killer heat in July and August. 

You will never be disappointed with an older but goodie...........sour apple :)
PPSS is back with a shiny new shack! Same flavorful snowcones! Same friendly & efficient service! ..and now they have 2 snowcone machines going plus additional staff.  So dont let the long lines fool ya...average wait time for us (from 50 people deep) is about 17 minutes.
YES!  I'll be back....

The first time I saw a line at this place was on tax day and I just thought they were giving out free stuff...then the next day, same thing and the day after - again. And then the following week, the same thing.
So now I was definitely curious and needed to find out what the hype was over this Purple Shack at the Shell gas station. 

Needless to say, I checked Yelp to see if there was any info and behold my curiosity just grew tenfold.  I needed one of these!
I had errands to run this afternoon, and since the post office is down the street I made up my mind that I was going to make the jump...

And yes, there was a line, but not as long as other times, so I went and stood and waited all by my lonesome.  I have to admit, there were about three times that I contemplated leaving and just coming back at night when the sun wasn't pounding down (it was definitely hot) but I was so close...I decided to wait it out.
Ordered me a small cheesecake ($2) with ice cream ($.75)

I watched as all the colorful orders came out before mine and then my turn.  Such a sad looking snowcone - there was absolutely no color and looked like a cup full of ice..I wondered if I made the wrong choice in flavor.
I was so wrong!  The flavor oozed through with each lick and spoonful.  The ice is so soft and the small was good enough for both me and my hubby who I shared with once I got home.  Our two other roommates just had to listen to us enjoy this wonderful treat...LOL.  

I'll definitely be back tonight and this time with three more curious souls.  :)
I'm so glad they are just down the street from us and not across town.  Never thought I'd ever be in love with a snowcone!
I would give it five, but the wait!! Every time I go there I swear I won't come back, because of the 30min wait...but it is so worth it.
The prices are just right.
The flavors are great.
The service is nice.
I love my rewards card!
Time to but a faster bigger machine purple penguin dude!!
Awesome!!!!! U have get the ice-cream in the bottom!! It's only 50cents extra!!! Very very worth it!!! Hurry because I heard this place closes every years winter time.. But not very sure in which date..
Aint no Sno Ono that's fo sho.  

You get to pick 3 flavors regardless of the size.
S - $2
M - $3
L - $3.75
Add Cream  - $.50
Add ice cream - $.75

It's super close to my home.  There are many flavors, but not as many as Sno Ono.  The ice was soft, but not as soft as Sno Ono.  If I crave for shaved ice and can't make it out to get some Sno Ono, I would drop by Purple Penguin.  And yes, staff are friendly.  They also have a punch card where you buy nine snowcones, you get a large snowcone free.  That's quite an incentive.
'O' no, I've heard of this type of place before, shaved ice with flavored syrup.

I'm no shaved ice connoisseur but the texture of the ice is what differentiates these places from one another. Purp Penguin's ice has the texture of mini ice chips which has a rough texture. I prefer the ice that is smooth in your mouth somewhat feels like ice cream. They call this a snowcone shack but where is the cone? The ice is served in a Styrofoam cup which I guess is appropriate for the "Shack" theme. 

I heard lines get pretty long here but I've had better. If you park Sno Ono beside the shack, Sno Ono would probably have the longer line.
I am a real regular here! I know all the employees and they know my name and order by heart! I get at least one large or penguin size every day! My favorite is coconut and vanilla, which sounds weird but it's AMAZING! 
Thank God for this truck! It puts a smile on my face and gives me something to look forward to each afternoon :)
Great employees, great favors and generous portions for the price! Just Awesome!!!!
Neighborhood Snow Cone Shack !!  It can be a long wait but well worth the it !!
I love this place because its simple, cheap, and delish. I love the variety of flavors they have. I go at least twice a week. 

I gave them 4 stars, because I prefer the snow cone place I go to in TX... but def my favorite in NV. :)
I can't believe alloif these good reviews. Have u guys never had Shave Ice before?    This was horrible. There was 6 of us total. All different flavors. They put lots of syrup on it but their syrup is too watered down. I couldn't taste anything but ice. I am glad I paid extra for the vanilla ice cream in the bottom or it would of been a complete waste. The ice is shaved nicely but no flavor.  I mean nothing. Also they are real slow.
I was really disappointed because I really wanted the guy with the bad review to be wrong.  I got the rootbeer and vanilla.  It tasted faintly like a rootbeer float, but all the syrup was at the bottom of the cup.  There were several times I got huge chunks of ice and all I could think about was the review saying that.  The small was 2 bucks with a 75 cent increase for ice cream at the bottom.  My daughter got the cotton candy and birthday cake.  The cotton candy overpowered the birthday cake, to the extent I could not taste the birthday cake.  I will say the cotton candy did taste like cotton candy and made me jealous I didn't get cotton candy instead of rootbeer.  She got ice cream at the bottom and it was really good.  It did not melt even though it was 110 outside.  I will give them another shot, but I will likely try some other sno shacks too.
this place was a real pain in the ass to find, so look for the speedee mart at the corner of the intersection.  it's a small purple truck near the gas station.  it's not hawaiian shaved ice, and its not your typical snow cone from the carnival.. but it's actually really delicious!  the snow is mainly fine with a few crystals of ice and the flavor (no plural, i only got one flavor ]: ) tastes like how it should (vanilla) without any extra sugar that other places have.  i got a small vanilla snow cone with CREAM (YUM YUM YUM!) on top for $2.50.  the size is alright, it is a small foam cup which was surprisingly more than enough for me.  the flavor was dispersed through the cup evenly so you never eat a plain spoonful of snow.  you can choose three flavors without getting charged extra but i didn't read that part until after i ordered.  getting cream or ice cream costs an extra few cents.  there is a charge for credit card, so bring cash!  standing outside in the sun while they made it kind of sucked but it was worth it for such a tasty treat.  this place is seasonal.. which is a shame because i love to eat snow cones/shaved ice year round!  anyways, this is a place that i would definitely come to again if i were ever in the neighborhood.
We dont make it to this side of town too often but when we do we try to stop in for a quick snowcone snack.  We do like it better with the ice cream added to it but either way its still good.
This IS NOT shaved ice!  This is a regular outing for our family during summer.  When this closes in the end of September, it is a very sad time.
Love love love this place! Their frozen ice is the best. You MUST try it with ice cream because it makes it 100x better. There's so many flavors to choose from and you can get up 3 different flavors. It's also so cheap for this flavory goodness. A small is only $2 (2.74 w/ ice cream) and the other sizes are just as cheap. If you don't have cash you can use a card they just charge you 50 cents more which to me isn't a biggie. 

When I went this time there was a long wait as always. That's the only bad thing if you go during a busy hour (I went right after kids got out of school) you will have to wait at least a half hour. It'd be nice if they had more staff. But its so good that I will wait in line every time. I got strawberry, peach and mango with vanilla ice cream. So good and fruity-definitely worth the wait!
My buddy Wes has been raving about this place for a while.  I've never been a huge snowcone person so I didn't really see the big deal.  On the way home from a Beerfest we ended up stopping and I couldn't believe the line.  Not only was there a line but there were multiple couples that were dressed up for Prom.  And they were stopped at a snowcone shack?  Yes, they were!

This place is no joke and was one of the best, if not the best, snowcones I've ever had.  I can't quite remember the combination of flavors I got (see beerfest) but I know that the Tiger's Blood was in there somewhere.  There was just something about the flavor and the cream they used that made this snowcone amazing!  I'm glad I finally stopped in and even happier that I live less than 5 minutes away.
Satisfies the snowcone craving but more like flavored ice chips. Reasonably priced and good serving sizes but would rather have shaved ice.
Gotta bump it down a star...

I wanted Shave Ice the past Sunday because I have been craving for it ever since we left Maui some days ago.  However, Purple penguin did not satisfy me one bit.

First, they gave me the wrong flavor.  I asked for Tiger's blood, leche, and mango.  The order taker wrote down TB/LE/MA.

When I got my cup of ice, it became Tiger's blood, pink lemonade, and mango.  So, we had to wait for them to redo it.  Was it worth it...Heck No!

It's as if they had preshaved the ice and just scoop it into a cup as it is ordered.  There were chunks of ice.

No bueno.  Not returning, ever again.  Why?  There are much better shave ice shacks out here in my area.  Just had Beach Bums today and is more of the Hawaiian shave ice consistency that I was looking for.
Best snow cone I've had here in town. The only thing that keeps it from another star is the wait the usually comes with each visit. Good sign for the business, but it sucks in the middle of a summer day when the sun is beating down on you
This place was pretty good.  They have lots of flavor options and offer friendly service.  The lines tend to get really long, especially at obvious times like after school lets out on the weekdays.  We went on a Monday evening and, although the line wasn't that long, we waited FOR. EVER.  

They accept credit cards but they do charge to use them.  They have a punch card - 9 snow cones and get one free.  I like that they'll ask you if you have one or, if not, if you want one.  Some places don't even tell you about them... I haven't tried all the snowcone/ice places in the area, and Beach Bums  is a lot closer to me, so I'm not sure how soon I'll be back.
Love this place. I am not a snow cone fan, but is far superior to  the other trailers in the neighborhood. selling snow cones.  It is all about the ice and syrup. They even have sugar free, The line can be long but goes quickly. The kids who work there are all friendly, energetic, and helpful. One kid Garrett is so cool you would think he has been in business for 20 years.
This little shack is definitely a gem in the desert of Henderson. Anyone who has lived here for over a year knows how hot the Las Vegas sun can get, and these snow cones offer the perfect relief. 

There have to be at least 30+ flavors to choose from and you are able to choose up to three flavors on each cone without any extra charge. They have some of the normal flavorings you'd expect to see, like orange and blue raspberry, as well as some for the more adventurous out there, like pickle juice and Tiger's Blood. There are also sugar-free options available, but they are changed every week and announced via their Facebook page. For a few extra quarters, you can also choose to add a scoop of ice cream or some cream drizzled on top. The sizes are also in very generous portions with plenty of snow stacked on top.

The staff is always friendly and makes it an overall enjoyable outing. If you live in the area, it's also worth it to pick up one of their punch cards. It isn't open all year around, but that just allows you to savor the experience.
We LOVE this place! We travel across town just to go to The Shack for our dessert. My favorite is the Black Cherry with cream AND ice cream. The kids usually go crazy with blue bubblegum/rootbeer mixes. And my husband usually goes Black Cherry with cream. Great place with reasonable prices and umbrellas to keep you out of the sun while you wait in line (which does get longer every year).
July, 2013. My daughter and I will drive to LV to get it EVERYTIME!...  I'm normally a big fan of "shaved snow" here in LA, but PPenguin's shaved ice can match it well!!  Definitely add the ice cream to your shave ice!! See you next month!!
I'm honestly SO sad that this place has such great reviews cause I was really disappointed! I came here on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't too busy. I was really surprised to see that Purple Penguin was literally a purple shack. This place is cheap but you do have to remember all you are getting is ice and sugar. I ordered a medium ($3) and got pineapple, coconut, and mango and was really disappointed! I couldn't even tell the difference between the mango and pineapple  Sorry Purple Penguin but this Asian penguin won't be returning.
we decided to see what al the hubbub was about with shaved ice. I have never had it before.

We took the kids of course, they will never say no to dessert. 

First thing we noticed was the long line. Always a good sign.

The menu board was HUGE so many choices. Really funky ones too like pickle juice.

I had the tiger's blood with a scoop of vanilla which was very good. The snowcone itself was very sweet. I liked the texture though. 

The kids enjoyed everything and had sticky hands, blue and red tongues, and huge smiles.

Its a great value too, $2 for a small which is plenty. I don't know how someone can eat one of the huge ones without it melting all over and making a mess.
I heard the good things about Purple Penguin, and I wondered how a snowcone could be that good, but it really was.  We went to Purple Penguin on a Monday about 12:30 or so.  They already had the "velvet rope" set up for the line, but there pretty much wasn't a line when we arrived.  2 people in front of us, we probably waited 5 minutes from the time we walked up to the window to when we got the snowcones.  I had a strawberry daiquiri.  I liked how they did the syrup, basically half and half instead of just all mixed together.  Also, the syrup completely permeated the entire snowcone.  I've eaten other snowcones were the top is mostly ice, but not this one.  The flavor was throughout and it was good.  The ice was shaved very fine, it had a slushy like consistency from the beginning.  I read the reviews about waiting a half hour for a snowcone.  I don't know that I would do that in the Vegas heat, but it certainly was an excellent snowcone and I can see why it's so popular.  We will return.
We always used to stop here whenever we were reasonably nearby (it is a 30-minute trip) despite waiting in long lines in the heat because it was worth it. Yes, the service was always a bit uneven but the Class of 2013 summer crew = absolute disaster. I understand it's hard to find people willing to work in a trailer for minimum wage for a couple months but the applicant pool must have been incredibly small this year. One girl working there during our most recent visit had to remake 3 orders ahead of ours. The dessert is still excellent but the customer service will probably have us sitting this summer out and hoping they have better luck next year. I'm sure they'll get things straightened out by then. 

I don't think we are the only ones who've noticed because the crowd was much smaller than in previous years.
Yum! Another day in the desert heat, but today with a refreshing and tasty twist. I heard about The Purple Penguin sometime ago and couldn't wait to try it. Today my son and I had our chance and already are trying to figure out when we should make our way back! One vanilla ice cream topped with a triple flavor snow-cone: Sour Apple, TuttiFruitti & Bubblegum and one vanilla ice cream topped with a margarita flavored snow-cone with whip topping :D We Heart The Purple Penguin!
Best snow-cones. 
All in the texture. 
Price is really good compared to others also.
When I think of snowcone, I think of that rainbow ice treat that you get from an icecream truck. You know, the typical paper cone cup with a mound of rounded ice which is literally just coarsely blended ice doused in sugary syrups. 

Purple Penguin was a shocker for me. 

I have never had a snowcone more moist and snow-like. 
My boyfriend swears by that place & knew just the place when I stated my cravings. 

Best part of this place is that they served Fuzzy Naval flavored snow cones. UH-MAAAZING!
Love this place! Great snowcones served by damn sexy guys!! I just waited in line for 1 hour 15 min. Worth every single second.
Purple Penguin is the best place to grab a treat in the desert, hands down. All kinds of concoctions are possible which leaves so much to the imagination. Lines can get a little long in 115+ degree temps but it is sooo worth it! If I could give 10 stars I would.....You need to visit this place if you haven't already!
A winning business model with a superior product, PPSC is an obvious winner during the hot days in Vegas. Fuffy-soft sno-cones come in all kinds of flavors, including Tiger's Blood (fruit punch with coconut). A scoop of ice cream at the bottom can be a nice variation in any of their four sizes and I happily paid the 50 cent fee for swiping my card.

There is a place just like this called Jerry's Sno Cones in Memphis, TN, so I obviously couldn't pass up an opportunity to check out PPSC on a recent trip to Vegas. If you are in the area for fun, make it a sweet double-feature with a tour/tasting at Ella M Chocolates too. Happiness in a styrofoam cup!
The PP is the closest 5 star establishment to my house bar none
But for some reason I had a strong dislike for 
The small penguin stack posted up at the gas station 
Ive pasted by it hundreds of times with a scowl... Why

Maybe it was the thousands of people who flock to
It like wild animals at a watering hole on the Serengeti 

Maybe I can't stand that the average age of the cliental 
Is 15 

Or maybe just maybe I can't stand to wait in line
For anything 

But this year the penguin was brought to 
Me unexpectedly so I had to try it

Let just say I will be one of those fat hippos at the watering hole 
This summer
I have heard of this place and finally got there yesterday. WOW!! I LOVE IT!! It was in the nineties and needed  a refresher. Had the rootbeer and pina colada with ice cream. My friend had the grape and watermelon with ice cream. The grape was pretty sweet BUT it did not get thrown away. HA! Want to go back SOON.
I am giving the purple penguin three stars for a couple of reasons. But first, we will start with the snow cones. I got a large black berry cheese cake snow cone with ice cream. 

My eyes were way bigger than my stomach and I didn't finish the entire thing, but it was delicious! I had a few larger ice chunks in my snow cone , which I wasn't expecting . Honestly it should be down to a science by now considering you have been open for how many years? Anyways I was with two other people and we waited in line forever

 I don't know exactly how their whole setup works but there were 3 people behind us that got their orders first. We ended up asking about it and the employee was kind of rude. I get it, you work in a snow cone shack but it's all about good customer service. I think that if our question had been answered in a different tone I would have given it 4 stars. Again the first star was deducted due to the line. 

With this being said pretty good snow cone. I'll go back next time a little earlier to avoid the teeny bopppers ;)
I don't eat snowcones. I probably haven't had one for over 5 years. When running errands all day in the heat and stopping to get gas at the gas station, we bit the bullet and grabbed one. I figured they must be good as their is always a line up.  They were definitely refreshing and good for cooling down. I don't have anything negative to say but I am just not a snow cone kind of guy. I can see where kids would love to get thesesnowcones on a regular basis during hot days. They had alot of flavor added and were not just a cup of ice.
The price is about the same as any other snow cone place I've been, BUT the snow come itself was AMAZING! I had no large ice chunks as can sometimes happen at other locations. You can also get blue bell ice cream in the center of your snow cone! The line wasn't too long when we arrived. Our wait for our snow cones was super short as well. Highly recommend.
The BEST snowcone you will ever have!! We have been frequenting PP for a few years now and we still LOVE it. If you have to wait, it is well worth it. I always get cotton candy and tigers blood and it always tastes the same, PERFECT! They do allow you to add Blue Bell ice cream to your snow cone and it makes it even better. Everyone that works there is super nice and friendly. The owner is one of the nicest guys you will meet and still slings the snow in the shack as well. Love this place!
Great friendly staff.  Awesome snack on these hot days especially for the kids.  I only dropped a start because they are a little heavy with the syrup.  The kids surely don't mind but I prefer a better ice / syrup ratio.
Purple penguin is a little food truck/stand in front of the corner gas station. The workers were friendly and they have a large selection of flavors.

Positive: large portions for pretty good prices. They have 4 sizes and you can fill each with any combination of three flavors. I tried a combination of cherry and blue bubblegum and a separate pickle juice. 

Negative for me: the taste is pretty bland as it is just blended ice with flavoring. The pickle juice is sort of pickle juice only lighter on salt taste with a added sugary taste. I dumped both my cups after like 10% finished. Not too say it was bad but it wasn't quite the same as back east snow cones and maybe I just Haven't had them since I was a kid. 

Anyway if health concerns and calories are on your mind this is a nice treat for those hot days . But if not then I don't know why you would get some nice frozen yogurt , ice cream or some delicious gelato .
We have been hearing about the Penguin for a year and just never went. Made our first stop on Saturday and went back today (Monday) for more. Good service and a nice soft snow cone. They have lots of flavors to choose from. I guess our VIP card will fill up fast if we stick to this every other day schedule!
Over the weekend I took my husband to the farmer's market to get some fresh fruits and veggies and I was excited to see the SnOw OnO truck when we pulled into the parking lot. I love snow cones and I love shaved ice even more....

For those of you scratching your head and thinking 'They are the same thing' no, they are not... Snow cones use crushed ice, shaved ice is much lighter/finer. Shaved ice is more snow like then a snow cone, despite the name... 

SnOw OnO sells three sizes of shaved ice and you can select up to 3 flavors from a plethora of different options. They also have some premade concoctions. My husband decided to try one of these, the Rasta Mon which was pineapple, lime and tiger's blood. I decided to get my own creation with watermelon, green apple and honeydew melon. I also had a light amount of the sour spray added to mine (the spray is an additional $.50). Remember warhead candies? That is what this sour spray is like. Makes your mouth pucker (like bitter beer face, haha) but still tastes so good.

We each got a small ($3) which was plenty for us to enjoy, and share. I had to try my husband's, both the pineapple and tiger's blood flavors were super good.  The person that helped us was very sweet, she gave us business cards so we can follow them on Twitter which I am definitely going to do so I can try more of the flavors...
Refreshing! Love, love, love their shave ice which can be topped with up to 3 flavors! I usually stick to the tropical flavors and tiger's blood. But it doesn't stop there cause once you hit the bottom theres the yummy ice cream and azuki beans on the bottom! They are usually located at the fresh 52 market on sundays on eastern x serene near the border of henderson. Its always a pleasure to see the ladies, chop it up with them and grab some shave ice, winter time or not!
If there's any local business worthy of an OMG, it's Snow Ono. Holy crap! I've been wanting to try them for the longest time. I'm so glad I finally made the trek down to the Fresh52 Farmer's Market on Sunday. It worked out perfectly because Sloppi Jo's was also there.

Snow Ono has so many flavors, it's overwhelming. I decided to entrust my order to Marianne. Her current favorite flavor combo is Melona, Lilikoi, and Lychee, with condensed milk drizzled over the top. Let me tell you. Snow Ono Shave Ice is REDONKULOUS! There really is nothing like it. Maybe I'm just not familiar with real Hawaiian shave ice, but this is as good as it gets IMHO.

My recurring sore throat had me ordering a small, but I can totally see myself scarfing down a large when the Vegas heat gets here. But I wouldn't wait if I were you. Track down Marianne and Roxanne and their magical snow bus and get some Snow Ono ASAP!
Have you ever had shaved ice? 

Me either.. until today and most definitely whoops the butt of any ice related dessert I have had in my life. 

There are 36 flavors and additional toppings such as condensed milk, sour spray, and azuki beans. They also offer sampling the flavors before you buy it, similar to when you buy gelato :). You can get up to 3 flavors for each order, which is great that they don't limit the flavors based on size. I had the melona and tiger's blood with condensed milk, and holy wow I don't know the origins of those flavors but mhmmm they're good. 

The shaved ice comes in four different sizes which are child, small, medium, large, and bowl. The sizes are really an understatement though, because every size is hugeeeee. I think it should be renamed medium, large, the small island, and the really big island. I think the child or small is great for individual and medium and up is big enough to share. 

I honestly don't know the difference between good shaved ice and GREAT shaved ice, but I know that the shaved ice from SnOw OnO delicately melts in your mouth very quickly like.. cotton candy.

When the weather warms up I can definitely see SnOw OnO being crazy busy because of their super value and its ONOlicious (ono means delicious).  SnOw OnO is usually found at farmer's market, such as Fresh 52, Bruce Trent park, and the Garden's Park. http://twitter.com/#!/SnOwONOShaveIce for more information :)
SnOw OnO  is so ono!  The best shave ice I've had was in Hawaii, with all the imitators here in Vegas selling "shave ice" that has the consistency of a snow cone: chunks of hard ice that doesn't allow the flavor syrups to seep in.  Marianne of SnOw Ono starts with a block of ice, and shaves it to a fresh snow-like consistency, which allows the syrups to soak into every bite and makes for a very pleasing consistency!

Speaking of syrups, there are plenty to choose from; 34 were listed on their menu today: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QOE93SXgKd8EsaUT-DaXhA?select=BooUS55rP6XFtxwKzPOgNA  There are several add ons that you can use to customize your shave ice, some free and some available for only an additional $0.50 or $1.00.  Today I went with a small Li Hing Mui with Li Hing Mui powder: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QOE93SXgKd8EsaUT-DaXhA?select=Gybt5eAcCrTM_VMPYnrD2w ; it was delicious!  Seriously, Marianne knows what she's doing (she's a self admitted shave ice addict, afterall!).  

Definitely a place to revisit.  Be on the lookout for SnOw OnO at the local farmers markets, especially Fresh52 every Sunday!
Where is the 6th star rating!?  Try the shaved ice with condensed milk. No regrets. Bowl was big enough for me and 4 friends. And for the price of 4 Washington bills, it is worth a gold crown of ice chips. Groovy!
I had a chance to try Sno Ono at 2nd Sundays at Hanshiktaco a couple of weeks ago. It was really yummy can't wait to take my husband. The servings are soo huge...even the kids size! I had the kids size with lychee, and cotton candy flavoring. The ice is like powder no ice chips here. I would like to try some of the add ons for next time!
Yummy!  Get the Marianne's special with ice cream.  It is just a combination of the syrups that Marianne likes that day and she has good taste!  But keep in mind the portion sizes are huge so get a small or even the kids size.  You won't regret it!  She has a great caramel sauce if you are feeling adventurous.
Haven't seen Marianne or Roxanne since my UYE at Sin City Sushi a few months ago, It is because thet have been hella busy servin' up THE BEST AND ONLY SHAVE ICE IN TOWN!

Coming from the island of Waiola, Matsumotos, and Island Snow, SnOw OnO tastes just like home! After lunch at Mint and some fun at The Pinball Hall of Fame, We finally tracked SnOw OnO down on Lake Mead next to that stand that serves so-called Korean style tacos.

Over 30 flavors to choose from with sweet toppings and add-ons,Wifey got cola, lime, and POG(Passion-Orange-Guava) with ice cream and a snow cap. I kept it simplemand got Banana with ice cream and a snow cap. It was SOOOOO good, that I even forgot to take a picture of my shave ice!

Thanks again SnOw OnO for bringing a little of home to Las Vegas. Oh yeah, Congrats Marianne on your little"bun in the oven"....,ALOHA!!!
I love SnOw OnO! So many flavors, perfect texture, and awesome service. The best dessert value in Las Vegas!
Forget about the snow cones you had as a child, because these mountains of powdery ice shavings trump anything you have ever had. I first had one at the StrEAT food festival. I was not impressed with the event because being downtown is not particularly enjoyable for me. Usually my gripe is about the parking, but that night, it was about the long waits for most trucks and lack of information given to guests.

Snow Ono was the saving grace of that food festival. After waiting in a few lines only to be told that they ran out of food when we got to the front, the girls here were awesome. They took our order, smiled, made small chit chat, and had that warm Hawaiian aura that I love.

On top of that, there product is like eating fresh powder snow. Their tiger's blood is my favorite flavor. They allow you to customize your snow cone with three flavors and a variety of extras. Some of these include mochi bites, azuki beans, ice cream, and caramel drizzle. 

They have so many different types of syrups that you would not be able to try them all unless you stalk them. Sugar free is also an option for a few of their syrups.
Very nice owner! Great choices! First tried them at the StrEAT festival-long line and wanted to scream but it was worth it!  Now they are always near my work-score! I like the melona and tiger's blood the most. Sadly I can not have sugar and so I am looking forward to trying the good recipe for sugar free! :) Thanks!! :)
the ONLY shave Ice I have ever had that tastes like it does in Hawaii. So many places TRY and make it right but it never actually is. THIS PLACE does it right!! Wedding cake was my favorite flavor! mmm mmmmmmm
It gets expensive to fly to Oahu to go to Matsumoto's Shaved Ice.  Thankfully now I can just follow them on Twitter and drive 15-20 mins to get some great shaved ice.

They have alot of the great toppings - condensed milk, azuki red beans, and ice cream.  We got the Tiger's blood and it was great.

I can understand giving 5 stars because there aren't many shaved ice options in Vegas and it is still very, very good, but to me the ice didn't have the consitency of Matsumoto's....maybe it is the water or the machine they use...I have no clue.

Nevertheless, this place is awesome - I'll be back.
Thank you finally for having Shave Ice in the mainland that is Ono, it was great to understand her story and also the catering was amazing they give you chok' scoops of ice and flavah baggah was unreal and was dakine go fo brok' da mouth....catch them wheavah the stay in vegas like that one manapua man you have to find cuz they get the best kine stuff...chee hee Mahalo...
Perfectly refreshing on a beautiful spring day.  Yesterday, I stopped by the Hanshiktaco Stand, and was so excited to see SnOw OnO there too! And the line wasn't bad compared to what I have read in other reviews. 

It took me five minutes just to read all of the flavor choices, but I went with what I was familiar with. Lychee and Mango with a drizzle of condensed milk.  Woooooohooooo!
Upon first spoonful, I was transported back to Hawaii. The mountain of powder was like a spoonful of silk at every bite. It is NOT a snow cone at all. It is a lil piece of heaven. 

A small is only $3 and their version of small is huge!  I can't wait to try other flavors (wedding cake, dreamsicle, strawberry cheesecake) and toppings!  I wonder where they will be today...
Let's get on to confusions first. This is NOT a snowcone! There is a DIFFERENCE! 

Snowcones is like snow, rougher, uneven pieces of ice because you use the machine to crush ice into small pieces. It's kinda crunchier pieces and doesnt hold syrup as well. Shave(d) Ice is finer fluffy ice and comes from shaving off fluff from a block of ice. It holds syrup better so you get full flavor in every bite and melts the flavor into your mouth like how cotton candy would. 

They're the only shave ice in town, but I think I could still say it's the best. There are so many syrup flavors to choose from so there is something for everyone and they're the real deal, shipped from Hawaii syrups. There are a few sugar free options too (the consistency of the ice slightly changes with that syrup- but still amazing for those who can't do sugar!). You can pick up to 3 flavors and a "snowcap" of either chocolate, caramel or condensed milk syrup on top. Premium toppings can be added on: vanilla ice cream, azuki beans, li hing mui powder, mochi bits. 

The sizes are generous- a small ($3) is way more than enough for me. Vanilla ice cream ($1 more) and condensed milk is a must! My favorite flavors so far are: melon, rosewater, green tea, POG (passionfruit, orange, guava mix), lychee.

Can't beat the quality, generous portions and variety for the price.

Customer service is really good and friendly. Yes, I know the ladies through the Yelp so I may be biased a bit, but really- they're always so nice! What Hawaiian business isn't about hospitality though?!!

It's getting hot so come and cool down with something Ono!!!
Great shave ice and a way more selections than I have ever seen. Apparently shave is hard to find in Vegas after it being easily available in Seattle. This brings back a lot of summer memories as a kid. The perfect summer treat and I cannot wait to chase this place down in the summer. I only had a basic shave ice with 3 flavors and sour spray; it was great and I can't wait to try a shave ice with ice cream next time. The girls in the truck are pretty hot too so they defiantly draw you in.
better than the ones i had in Hawaii.  IT IS NOT A SNOW CONE
I was lucky enough to have the Snow Ono truck in my 'hood two weekends in a row at Lee's Discount Liquor on Lake Mead, next to HanshikTaco.  Last Sunday, the line for the shave ice was long and I waited at least half an hour for my order; yesterday was much shorter, but it doesn't really matter--it's worth the wait!  Anyone who has had shave ice in Hawaii knows that it's nothing like a snow cone--the consistency is much finer and the taste that much better.  The ladies who run the truck always have smiles on their faces and treat each customer with respect and appreciate each one's patience.  This second time around I ordered a small with Tiger's Blood, Banana, mochi bits, and condensed milk--I was sad to see the bottom of the cup!  All that happiness for only $3.50--I can already see this becoming a weekly addiction that I will not be ashamed of.  Aloha!
i am really shocked at how many people have reviewed snow ono. These girls are always sweethearts and serve up one hell of an addiction. You can always find out where they are gonna be by following their twitter account. my son really loves the snow cones here. and me well i would not be giving them a five star if the product they were offering was not legit. stay thirsty my friends!
Any shave ice shop that offers a delicious Tiger Blood flavor, is "winning!" in my eyes. 

After seeing this place as the #1 "Resturaunt" on Yelp this morning, I hurried out to find something edible for lunch in the area and then hopped on over to the girls in the SnOw OnO truck.

One word: YUM. Alongside Tiger Blood, I also tried Wedding Cake and Cotton Candy. Absolutely delicious. Wedding Cake is especially good with the sweetened condensed milk they suggested - although I chose not to have them coat the whole thing as it was fairly hot today and to me, milk doesn't mix well with heat.

Their unusual toppings are also something I've never seen offered before, possibly because the only exposure I have had to shave ice has been at the occasional half-assed summer festival in Vegas. I chose mochi bits for $.50, but I was intrigued by the sour spray they offer as a free add-on. The cups they give you are adorable as well - very reminiscent of flower petals and fit in my cup holder just fine.

On top of the outstanding shave ice, the service was incredible - I can't tell you how many times I was told "Thank you for coming" and asked questions about how I liked what I ordered, how I heard about them, etc. -- and offered to add more syrup or toppings if I liked. The service alone would be enough to be a repeat customer of a mediocre shave ice shop, however luckily they are stellar in every way possible.

I will definitely be going back and recommending it to my friends. GO NOW! You won't regret it.
Yummy. This is a new favorite!! The texture of the shaved ice is so fluffy and light. There are so many flavors to choose from. The tigers blood is so good!!! A mixture of strawberry and watermelon I think. Get the condensed milk on the top...makes it so creamy. Too bad they don't come close to my house but so worth the drive. The small is huge by the way, and you can get three flavors in each bowl.
I have been to Snow Ono twice. I have greatly enjoyed my shaved ice both times. Both times I gt Tiger's blood on half and one other flavor (one time strawberry the other time cherry), azuki beans, and li hing mui powder. It's sooo good. Not sure how to describer li hing mui powder other than a flavor-enhancer/umami. I tend to accidentally in hale some of it when I eat my shaved ice which makes me cough, but still really like it.
If u know shave ice -- and I mean, shave ice..like da kine from Hawaii (pidgeon coming out) -- then, you know that this is LEGIT!!!!!

Ice is suuuuuuuuuuper soft. Not no ice chunks or bits but, just melts in your mouth goodness. 

And they have the best flavors! 
Just to name a few: POG (passion orange guava), horchata (with cinnamon sprinkled on there), wedding cake, king's cake, AND tiger's blood. HAHA #WINNING

This stuff is perfect for the Summer heat we about to have in Vegas. And something I could still prolly go for in Winter.
I am so glad that there is a Hawaiian shaved ice truck here in Las Vegas.  Going to food truck gatherings, especially when the weather is getting warm, it is a godsend to be able to hit up the SnOw OnO Shave Ice truck and order a bowl (largest size available) of shaved ice to cool your insides.

For those that are not familiar with SnOw OnO, you can order up to 3 different flavors for your shaved ice out of their menu of 30+ flavors.  You also have different add-ons that can be selected for free (sour spray, condensed milk, plum powder, etc) and others you can upgrade with for a nominal price (scope of vanilla ice cream $1, red beans, mochi bits) to customize your shaved ice into your personal favorite.

My favorite flavors thus far are lilikoi, lychee, and mango.  But you should try whatever flavors that catches your eyes or ask the lovely ladies of SnOw OnO to make something up for you.

Tips:  At food truck gatherings, try to hit up SnOw OnO early, as the line can get pretty long on hot days.  If the line is long, place your order, go get some food from another truck and come back to wait for your order to be made.  No need to stand around in line waiting for your number to be called.

Service:  5/5  Always service with a smile.

Taste:  5/5  Yes, it is flavored syrup on shaved ice, but it is real shaved ice!
I love this place!  They have so many different flavors and the price is really reasonable.  I like to order mine with ice cream.  The only gripe I have is that they haven't figured out how to be more efficient and often I have waited 45 minutes for my shaved ice after I've ordered.
I'm definitely not a shaved ice expert, but one thing I do know, is this stuff is tasty and goes oh so well with tequila :) A few weeks ago I attended a meetup at Lee's Discount Liquor for Tacos & Tequila. There were 6 different tequilas to taste, but no chasers :0 So after my first taste I was about to go inside Lee's to solve the issue and then I saw SnOw OnO, my savior. I got a small pineapple and tossed in a couple tiny shots of tequila and BINGO, YUMMY! Next time I'm going to have to try the Tiger's Blood (which they named before the Charlie Sheen incident) and I guess I'll have to bring my own tequila :)))
Great food truck!  Shave ice as good as Hawaii.  Heck, they even offer sweetened condensed milk on top and azuki beans as an add-on.  They also offer a bunch of great flavors.  My personal favorite is Tiger's Blood (not made from real tigers).  The ladies are also great at helping you decide on flavor combinations and additions.  The bad part is that it IS a food truck so you have to hunt them down, but that's also part of the fun!
I had my first experience with SnOw OnO today at the fresh52 farmer's market and I was amazed. Great flavor, perfect shaved ice, and great value. Can't wait to come back!
This may be the best shaved ice in the Las Vegas valley.  

I have been looking for a place that has really good shaved ice in Las Vegas after trying the Get Shaved Ice truck in the Los Angeles area.  I haven't been to Hawaii yet, so I can't really comment on the authenticity of it, but from what I tasted, I hope I won't be disappointed when I do go to Hawaii.

The quality of the shaved ice is as good as it gets.  It is like powdery snow, and melts in your mouth almost instantaneously, unlike some of the iced chipped imitation "shaved ice".

They have a lot of flavors to choose from as well as some combo items if you can't pick just one flavor.  The price is pretty reasonable and the portions are pretty big.

The workers are really friendly and their service matches their personality.  I am definitely looking forward to following this truck as the summer season in Las Vegas is approaching and this type of treat will be needed.
Saw that the shave ice truck was going to be at Fresh 52 Farmers Market so I  headed on over there. It was busy afternoon for sure but I was willing to wait cause oh how I miss shaved ice from Hawaii!

Service - Excellent! They treat you like Ohana! 

 When I ate that first spoonful I'm telling you, Sno Ono didn't disappoint.  This is da real thing! Powdery soft melt in your mouth take you back to da islands kinda shave ice.   I was happy to see they had Lychee! So I had Lychee, Blue Hawaiian and Guava w/ condensed milk and not a small cup,  not the large one, but the bowl!   Oh so ONOlish!
Well alrighty. So we were yelping this truck all week at work to see when it was gonna be closer for us and we were def. excited when we went. Lil farmers market up in summerlin side and i must say im impressed. The staff here was suuper friendly and very quick. As busy as they might be theres still very quick with there orders not to mention there shave ice is awesome. They have a TON of flavors and if your unsure of what some of the flavors are they will gladly explain any questions you may have. The prices are very fair and the portions are good sized.

Coming from hawaii, shave ice is a staple for snacks after a long day hiking or at the beach so coming here to LV it was nice to find flavors of home.
THE BEST SHAVE ICE IN THE LAS VEGAS!!! Its just like hawaii shave ice!! They have lots of flavors u can choose from!! Also different kind of tops too!! The Best service!! Love the girls who work there!! Not to be mistake for a snow cone with is crushed ice!! LOVE THIS LITTLE BUS!!! SNOW ONO U THE BEST!! WHOO HOO
Makes me feel like I'm in Hawaii again.  The best shave ice in the mainland.  All others should be considered snow cones, psssh knockoffs!  Lol.  Like in say most of my favorite food trucks, I wish they came to the southwest area at least once a week.  

Ono fa'sho!
Im fairly new to the food truck scene but OMG! Im totally addicted and cant get over how happy me and the family are with finding this truely amazing truck!! Not only is the customer service fantastic but the shave ice (with vanilla ice cream underneath) melts in your mouth. They offer a wide range of syrups, toppings, and even like I said before the vanilla ice cream under all the yummy goodness! We frequent the truck Tues & Fridays now...its now my hubbys goal to try everything on the menu at least once!LOL I just cant say enough about the friendly service and wonderful shave ice!! Now what are you waiting for?? Go out and find Snow Ono you most def wont be disappointed!
Caught these guys at Food Truck Fest 2 and they were delicious!  A relief from the heat in the Costco lot and with flavors like Wedding Cake and Creamsicle I was in love.  Plus, muy cheap!
I drove all the way across town during my week in Vegas just to try this shaved ice place out. We caught up with them at a little farmer's market and I got a bowl with coconut, watermelon, and cotton candy. It was good, but definitely not the best I've ever had. Still glad I drove over to try it out.
Just had to try this place out yesterday. Back home in Atlanta, we had a few trucks and shops that sold New Orleans style snowballs, amazing treats of shaved ice and syrup. :) 
I had pretty much despaired of finding anything similar this far away, but I heard about Snow Ono. I messaged them and they said yes, this is pretty much the same thing. 
I finally managed to drag my boyfriend out of the house yesterday to go try it, and yes, it's just about the same! Snow Ono has made a VERY happy southern girl. 
We tried the green tea and the dreamcycle. My boyfriend thought the green tea just a little too sweet, but I loved it, and the dream cycle as well. Next time we're getting the small though, large is massive!
I discovered this place during my trips to the Fresh52 Farmer's Market (Eastern & Silverado Ranch area).  Love it!  There is always a line and for good reason!  The prices are great, the sizes are HUGE, and the ladies are always nice (note: if there are guys that work here too I am sorry! I have only ever seen ladies).

Why 4 instead of 5?  Sometimes it can be a little slow even if there is not a line.  Come on - it's shaved ice and you have a machine!  But other than that, wonderful wonderful wonderful.

What to order: Kids' size coconut with condensed milk.  I think this is $2?  It's wonderful and I barely finish each time because their portions are so huge.

P.S. - Be careful of patrons who buy this and do not watch themselves (or their delicious shaved ice!).  I have stepped in many a sticky spot near the truck due to this.  -:(
We love these girls and we love their shaved ice!

SnOw OnO has been on our radar since the first mention of their truck and we finally got around to trying them a few months ago!  Boy, are we glad we did!

For the Husband and I, we usually share a large with ice cream added.  Our favorite flavors are POG (Passion, Orange, Guava), Mango, Tiger's Blood, and Melona.  But there are still so many we have yet to try! They use those plastic flower cups (that are recyclable) that are often used in Hawai'i.  We think their version is powdery soft, just like Waiola's!  

They have about 40 (give or take) flavors of syrups to choose from and you're allocated three for your shaved ice choice.  They also have sugar-free varieties too!

Customer service - these girls are super nice!  Not only do they do their best to remember you, but they make a point to thank you for coming by again and again.  (And you actually feel like they really mean it too!)  On our first visit, they made sure we had enough syrup for our shaved ice and if we didn't, to let them know so they could add more.  

This the real deal here!  No snow cone action!  Just real island style shaved ice!  The President would be proud!  If he can't make it home and has to stay on the mainland, he knows where to go now!  This truck will be waiting!

Prices:
Kids size $2
Small $3
Large $4
Bowl $5

$1 extra for ice cream, mochi, or azuki beans
Free for snow cap with condensed milk, chocolate, caramel, sour spray, or li hing powder. 

Check out their website for their weekly schedule.  For the most part, they are pretty steady on certain days, but private and special events mix it up a bit!
Ok, I've only had it once, but I'm hooked!

Like everyone says, its not a gross snow cone.  Its shaved ice.  Almost like snow... like good packing snow.  (if you're from the Midwest, you know what I am talking about!)

I had a small (which was enough for 2 people!).  I had strawberry and melona (honeydew melon) with ice cream on the bottom and a snow cap.  A snow cap is condensed milk.  Total price: $5.

I placed my order and waited about 15-20 minutes for the tasty treat.  There were a TON of families that placed like 6 orders at a time.  I didn't mind as I walked around to the other trucks- Tasty Bunz, LuLu's and Grouchy John's just to see what they had going on.

I heard my number called and went to the window.  Sure with the red and green color my shaved iced was screaming MERRY CHRISTMAS and who cares- it was DELICIOUS!  I ate the entire thing, minus two bites that my husband was able to get in.  I definitely enjoyed this shaved ice and am excited to track them down again!
I got the chance to try this place out at the Vegas Streats event last week. Its was more than I expected. Its not just shaved ice, its a cool, silky, flavor adventure. Its like they are serving clouds plucked straight out of the sky on a cool winter afternoon. When I took the first bite, it was like I bit into a York Peppermint Patty, and I had the sensation I was skiing down Mt. Charleston in some board shorts. Seriously though, this place is awesome. Try all the flavors. I sure am going to try to.
Nothing bad to say, cheap snowcones and whatever you want you get it!! Mmmmm good with this Las Vegas hot weather!!
We (me, my hubby and our 7 year old) love these ! Truth be told I a a Crystal Light Slurpee whore and my goodness if these came with sugar-free falvors I would find them daily...  However we manage about one a week and I tend to take a spoonful of my daughters...
SO YUMMY!
Ya it's super delicious, like eating a frozen sweet cloud. The secret is to get it covered in condensed milk, try peach with condensed milk, tastes like those gummy peach rings, but better.

They cater too, we had them come and park outside our house for our baby shower and it was a very reasonable price and was a huge crown pleaser.   

Oh ya they are extremely friendly too.  

Expect to wait a bit, the ice is shaved by hand, but it's worth it.
So yesterday I decided to treat myself. Just because it was a Wednesday...oh and it was 108 degrees outside and I was melting away. I knew I wanted my treat myself with something fruity and ice cold. So one thing came to mind.

SnOw OnO! 

What a great choice indeed. Such a choice I would high five myself. SnOw OnO is a truck full of pure 808 shaved ice deliciousness. I was hesitant to try SnOw OnO because Hawaiian Shaved Ice is possibly my favorite thing to eat when I am in Hawaii. SnOw OnO did not disappoint! I got the Onolicious (strawberry, blue Hawaiian, pineapple) with a snow cap on top. Whats a snow cap you ask? It is sweet condensed milk splashed on top of your shaved ice.  Don't knock it till you try it my friends.

They also have excellent customer service. I accidentally ordered a large which is practically like size of my head ( they are gracious with their servings.) and I knew it was too big for one girl to eat I asked to go down a size and with their positive aloha attitude  told me it was no problem and gave me a refund for he large I originally bought and made my shaved ice with a smile and sent me with away with a happy look on my face and nice "mahalo."

 Now I will give you this tip. SnOw OnO has a big following so don't be surprised if you wait 30 mins for a delicious cool treat. I'll tell you though it is definitely worth the wait.
Yum!! Best shaved ice ever! I've stopped at this truck a few times, and get the same flavor, Wedding Cake. It is amazing. They sure do give you a lot for the price. 3 bucks for a small is a great deal!! The small, isn't small, it is the perfect size. Maybe next time when I catch them out I will try a different flavor!
YUM I love Snow Ono. The girls are super cool and sweet! Their shaved ice is definitely different from the ones I am used to having. Instead of crunchy and chunky ice, its pure snow... super soft!!!  They also have tons of flavors and not are overpowering with sugar. Marianne, the owner, really takes pride in her shaved ice. Although it made take some waiting, its worth it, especially when its like over 100 degrees outside! My favorite is the horchata, king cake, lilokoi, and orange dreamsicle..... oh so many to choose from!!!!!! 

Great job ladies!!!! Love you Marianne & Roxanne!!!!
My experience started this way:

45 seconds, bicycle crunches,
45 seconds, inch worms,
Sprint to the line
......etc, etc.

You got it, I was in boot camp at 6pm with 100-degree, "dry" heat.  What better way to wet my whistle at 7 than Snow Ono Shaved Ice that just happened to be in the same park?

With probably 30+ flavors and free mix-ins, like condensed milk and caramel syrup (ice cream is extra), Snow Ono is a divine experience.

I had the amply-sized small for $4 with Watermelon, Lime and Blue Hawaii.  What came out looked like a colored mess of goodness not that different from an ordinary snow cone, but what I tasted was anything but a snow cone.  You can't compare it with any other shaved ice and syrup experience because, unlike the Slurpee, Slushee, Icee or Snow Cone, the ice is so fine that the syrup forms an almost non-Newtonian fluid with it - stable enough that I could drive, but instantly liquid in the mouth.  Unlike the others as well, the shaved ice and syrup are so perfectly blended that you never get to the bottom and find unflavored ice.  What you do get is a little bit of crusty ice around the edges that adds a different texture and adds to the refreshment overall.

I certainly look forward to next Wednesday's Boot Camp because until then I'll only have water to cool me down.
I am a "snow cone" snob.  I grew up in Hawaii where we call it shave ice because it is quite literally ice shaved so thin it's like snow.  There is a significant textural difference between what people perceive snow cones to be and what shave ice is.  The texture of the ice and the flavor of the syrup really makes a difference!  Having lived in Vegas for over 10 years I have been unable to find anything that matches the beloved Matsumotos and Aokis from the North Shore of Hawaii.

Until now.

Snow Ono is incredible!  I had heard there was a Hawaiian shave ice truck here in Vegas and immediately had to find out the who, what, where, when.  Following her on Twitter makes it easy to figure out where the truck is and when at any given time.

The shave ice is the bomb!  It comes in four sizes - Kiddie, Small, Large, and Bowl.  You can choose up to 3 flavors - there are over 30 to choose from including local favorites POG, Li Hing Mui, and Lilikoi.  Ice cream, azuki beans and mochi are extra but there are free toppings such as sweetened condensed milk (snow cap), Li Hing Mui powder, and a sour spray.  The price is very reasonable considering the portions are incredible - we have had the Large $5 and the Small $4.  

Long story short - they make onolicious shave ice and I will be seeking them out this hot Vegas summer!
A fantastical experience for your sweet buds!  

I haven't had this since the Truck Fest at Costco.  Just stumbled upon it on, YELP, of course.  Now I gotta hit up the farmer's market TONIGHT so I can get me some.  (Stalker mode on.)
This place tastes amazing. Youd be crazy not to try it. Smooth and flavorful, totally worth it!! 

Try condensed milk topping.... excellent on anything!!
This is Vegas, where the shade is 127 degrees celsius and people burst into flames when the sun comes out. OK, maybe it's not *that* hot, but let's face it, even the nights are hot and, the past few days, humid! Ugh!

SnOw OnO is a welcome treat from the heat. Great for adults, kids, and the kids inside our heads; it's a cool way to cool off!

The flavors run the gamut and go from fruity to tart to sweet and creamy. Mix them up and add a topping or two for even more variety (the condensed milk reminds me of snow cones in Austin!)! Keep in mind that they change things up to keep it fresh, so keep an eye out for new flavors and old favorites. My current favorite is blackberry, mango and a little coconut with the condensed milk topping. A bit of happiness for 80 percent of the taste buds!

The portions are huge and the staff are friendly, even when faced with a crowd (we've had a 30 minute wait before, that's how amazing they are!) of hot, melty patrons.
The line was long as hell, But that was due to the Vegas Streatz event. Now on to the review. After the 30 min wait i finally got to enjoy My large Strawberry Shortcake with the condensed milk. Ohhh How thee was so delicious on a warm semi muggy night. The girls check to make sure you ordered the right thing once your number is called. And NO ITS NOT A Snow Cone. This is much more classier and upscale. Hopefully we shall meet again.
I had my first experience with Snow Ono today and it will NOT be the last.  It was so yummy and refreshing.
Finally FINALLY had a chance to sample shave ice, the oh-so-elusive icy treat...at least in my eyes.  Shave ice, not shaveD ice, is the connoisseur's Slurpee....powdery ice that is the receptacle for all kinds of lovely flavoured syrups....melts in your mouth and sometimes all over your hands!  Portions are generous: kiddie size for $3, small for $4, large for $5, and a bowl for $6.  One can choose 3 flavoured syrups from a list of 30+ and top one's ice with free toppings.  I had a simple and elegant :) cherry and grape small shave ice and my husband had the "spicy mamacita," an adventurous blend of mango, tamarind, sour spray, and chile con limon (pepper flakes).  Aloha FLAVOUR.  I loved how each mouthful was flavoured ice and not ice that tried to have flavour (a la snow cones with their huge -- by comparison -- chunks of ice).  A perfect way to cool off in the Vegas heat.
OHHHHHH EMMMMMMM GEEEEEEE..I finally had SnOw OnO about 3 weeks ago when they came to my job..Not only did I get a lil quick break from work, but it was soooo DEELISH! It's now one of my favorite things. The strawberry shortcake w/condensed milk and mochi is beyond words. 5 Stars doesn't even describe how great it is! They should get the ultimate stars!! I'm hooked!
I cannot stress enough how friendly these girls are! Being from an islander culture myself, it was such a breath of fresh air to have stateside hospitality. 

In addition to their beautiful spirits, the shave ice was out of this world!!! 

I had the Upside-down (pineapple, vanilla & coconut w/condensed milk) & it was delectable. The consistency of the ice is what makes it so amazing. It's not chunky - super fine & fluffy like a cloud of ice. It's powdery almost - imagine biting into actual snow. Also, the consistency allows the flavoring to permeate all of the ice. I'm sure you've had a traditional snow cone that runs out of flavor quickly due to the syrup being watered down by the large chunks of ice. This is absolutely not the case with this shaved ice - the flavor is never compromised by the ice & there are so many flavor combinations to choose from. 

The shaved ice I'm accustomed to from the Virgin Islands is called fraco. It's delicious, but the ice isn't as fine as SnO OnO's because it's actually shaved by hand. 

I am so elated to have found this place! Fraco is one of the main things I craved from St. Thomas, but was never able to have it here in Vegas. Now, I'm able to have an even better version of island flavor on the mainland! (please understand the previous statement is very strong because islanders are wicked loyal to their roots - SnOw OnO is THAT awesome!) 

I look forward to trying all of the different flavors & I'll definitely be stalking this truck on a regular basis! Maholo :-D
This was my first experience with a shaven ice truck anywhere and boy did it ever live up to it's name!! It didn't taste like any ordinary shaven ice but more like shaven-ICE-cream! For my first experience I tried a kid size (which was huge) half dreamsicle, half tigersblood topped with condensed milk and mochi bites. It was delicious!!! Wait did I mention I drove to the other side of town (from Henderson to summerlin) to meet them at the farmers market and waited in line for 30mins!!! Well worth it though and a perfect summertime treat ;D
Discovered this little truck during the Vegas StrEATS fest and it did NOT disappoint!  The wait was like 45 minutes, but so worth it.

This isn't snow cone land, the ice consistency is smooth and sleek. It's a different texture.

The Large is $5 and the Regular is $4.

You can choose up to 3 flavors per Shave Ice. They have approximately 30+ flavors to choose. From classics like cherry and bubblegum (regular and blue) to traditional Hawaii flavors, to several types of cakes. 

Some add ons like ice cream and sour spray and other stuff I don't recall are only .50 to $1 to add. Condensed milk is free (if you've never had condensed milk on a snowy treat, do it; you are welcome). 

They have a Twitter so you can find them on the go and webpage they update! Definitely check it out. One of the cheapest and tastiest ways to beat the Summer heat in Vegas!
Just deliciously smooth and flavorful, there isn't much more to say about this place because it's uncomparable to any competition out here in Vegas. Definitely give it a shot and don't forget the condensed milk on top of the soft pillows of ice.
Mind boggling choices of flavors. But they are all good! Mix and match and prepare for brain freeze!  Perfect now that the weather is HOT!  Nice and friendly people. Not snow cones as most of you from the mainland are familiar with.  The ice is shaved meaning a blade actually shaves a block of ice.  This leaves the texture more fluffy and holds the syrup more efficiently so it doesn't  sink all to the bottom.
It's ((((('SnOw jOke!')))))  There's ice here in the desert!  Yessssah!  We couldn't believe it either until we stumbled upon SnOw OnO Shave Ice Truck, right here in our neighborhood!  We hit up Summerlin Farmer's Market at Gardens Park a couple of Tuesdays ago, and there it was...gleaming in all its icy cold beauty...the shave ice food truck!  We couldn't believe our eyes!  It had dawned on my husband that this was the very shave ice truck that his colleague had mentioned a few days earlier.  We had to try their ice.

Sure enough, as the guy in the truck puts it, their ice is shaved most similar to Waiola's.  I'd say they are very similar to Koko Nuts in Koko Marina too!  The kids had their usual, rainbow flavahz, strawberry (or cherry), banana, and vanilla, while my husband and I tried their blood orange and mango, a favorite also of one of the ladies in the truck.  Shaved ever so delicately, their ice melts in your mouth faster than it can in this 100+ heat!  Their syrups selection is great!...too much for me to remember.  I guess we will have to return again, and again, and again...!

The truck staff is uber friendly and their service is exemplary of how a small shave ice business should run itself here in this desert heat!  It's good to know that they strive for the best and most friendly service (that I have ever experienced), despite the known fact that it's way too easy for just about anyone to lure heat-stroked customers with just sweet, sweet thirst-quenching shave ice!  SnOw OnO just does it all with their service with a smile!  (^_^)*

Mahalo SnOw OnO for your friendly island service!!!  We will see you again soon!  \\m//
Best shaved ice ever.  Nothing like the usual snow cones with the crunchy ice that loses flavor.  This stuff just melts in your mouth and I seriously will drive across town just to eat it.  They come in really big sizes so the small is definitely enough for 1 or 2 people.
I recently checked out the Food Truck Festival in Las Vegas and was delighted this truck made an appearance.  The title of the truck alone clued me in these folks were the real mccoy.  Having dated a girl from Hawaii, I learned that Hawaiians call it shave ice, not shaved ice, although the grammatical inconsistency still baffles me.  I guess one could argue popcorn should be popped corn, but I digress...  The other word I learned is that ono means "delicious" in Hawaii, although it may as well be your last words when you realize you've already eaten the entire bowl and there's none left (Oh Nooooooooo!!!). 

It's the perfect dessert for the vegas summer since it is refreshingly sweet and they have a million combinations ranging from tropical (mango and lychee) to the decadent (wedding cake, red velvet) to the bizarre (afraid of what "Tiger Blood" tastes like).  I went with the lychee shave ice and added some mochi balls and azuki beans.  The ice is definitely velvety smooth without the choppiness of snow cones and they managed to distribute the syrup evenly throughout the bowl so that every bite is consistent.  Mochi balls had the right amount of chew for contrast in texture and azuki beans added some depth and color.   Sweet condensed milk and vanilla ice cream were other options, but I was already dangeously close to approaching a diabetic coma, so my only recommendation would be to request them to go easy on the syrup, but then again, my sweet tooth is a bit on the subtle side.
This is the best SHAVE ICE ever.  It's important to note that this is not snow cones.  It's better.  It's shave ice and it holds the flavors better.  

I hired the truck to come to my kids birthday party and it was a smashing hit.  All the kids loved it.  I'll definitely be using them again for another party soon.
It was good, much less syrup would have made it great and not having to wait 30 minutes after we ordered it to finally eat it would have been a huge plus!!!
I love Snow Ono Shave Ice!!! They have a lot of flavors and the ice melts in your mouth. I keep coming back for more.
Had some SnOw OnO again for dessert at the Ellis Island Hatch Chile Roast, and this time, I decided to be adventurous and go for their special event flavors-Mango Hatch Chile and Cherry Hatch Chile.

Marianne and Roxanne weren't there(She's due VERY SOON!) but Marianne's husband was holding it down in the SnOw OnO bus with a few new faces.

Back to the Shave Ice, The mango reminded me of the mango candy coated with chile powder you find in the latin markets, and the cherry barely tasted like cherry, but the chile snuck up from behind and warmed up my lips. The texture of the chile made it kinda difficult to really permeate the shave ice like their other flavored syrups do, but no worries, I enjoyed a root beer slush after I ate the syrup covered parts...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE(17/365) "Hawaiian Shave Ice"
Been anticipating to try this Shave Ice that many rave about... It was a humid night at Tommy Rocker's and instead of trying this first... we saved it until the very end. It was close to midnight when we ordered a large Tiger Blood, Horchata, and Lychee flavored shaved ice with add ons of mochi bits, ice cream, and condensed milk. Half way of making our order we were told they ran out of ice cream and received a refund for that. We were crushed by the news, since I was told by a great food source that I must get these flavors with mochi bits, condensed milk and the ice cream. Quite disappointed, but what can you do.. I know... try this truck first, then go eat the other food trucks next time.

My brother was ecstatic as can be when he first took a bite of this shaved ice. Actually he was head over balls for it! He shouted out and into the truck... "this is the Best! I'm so happy to be here!!!" He claims the taste was still great without the ice cream and for the musky weather.. it was perfect to have one of these to cool off your senses. I took a bite of each flavor and they taste true to its name. Horchata was wonderful and felt like I was actually having one, but with shaved ice. They even sprinkle cinnamon on top, like the real thing! Lychee was refreshing and with the bite of smooth, velvety shaved ice.. it was definitely a real, juicy treat. Now for the name Tiger Blood... the color was a fiery red and the taste... well I honestly couldn't describe it, but it was good. It didn't have a strong bite to it, but you can definitely taste it. I just love the color! The mochi bits gave the shaved ice some excitement and texture... they were fresh and soft. I enjoyed the slight marshmallow feel, it gave in my mouth.

After taking a few bites... I thought out loud that this is a lot and attempted to take the rest home, so my Mother could try it. So I took off and with my right hand holding the shaved ice and the other on the steering wheel.. I almost did an illegal left turn on Dean Martin Dr., but on the corner of my eyes, I saw a bike cop... so braked and changed my signal to right. Bike cops are notorious to pulling you over for anything and everything, so beware!!! So I turned right and got in the middle lane to make a u-turn, but wasn't successful in completing it.. I literally had to reverse then turn my steering wheel then put it back to drive to make the u-turn.. All while holding this shaved ice cone haha I had five cars racing down like mad bulls my way and I maneuvered everything just in time to not get hit by one. Thank goodness I'm both handed!!! Dashing away and looking like Statue of Liberty, I finally made it home to give my Mother the shaved ice that was still intact and not melted. She loved it! 

This Hawaiian shaved ice concept is such a brilliant idea to have... especially in the hot summer nights and after a long, hard day at work. We were all pleased with this delightful, powdery ice dessert. They even cater for Birthday parties, Weddings, and any Celebration!!! My brother loved it so much he's even wanting to book them for his Birthday Extravaganza! We'll definitely come back to try it with ice cream... Very kind people that run this truck. Many flavors to choose from, even sugar-free kinds, and great add ons to customize your taste buds. You can have up to three flavors/syrups and be flower powered by this shaved ice cup... it's so kawaii!!! aka cute.

Follow da Real deal and get cooled off by one of these delicious creations. Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy. This could possibly make you skip back to my car after having one or two or three!
I've been meaning to try this place for weeks! "Da schedule" is on their website which makes it really easy to find there they are at. I went with a kid's size..$3! Not bad. It's definitely plenty.. The upside down is delish! Pineapple, Coconut with sweetened condensed milk.. Such a great dessert for hot Vegas! My boyfriend got the Hot Mamacita which was good too..Tamarind, Mango and chili powder.. not a fan of chili powder but the rest was bangin! Reminded me of the Mango with chili powder carts in the Chi.. A must try!
Was in Las Vegas this past week in the 100+degree weather...  I've had authentic Shave Ice in Oahu before and I tell ya, not one of them even came close to da "ONOLICIOUS-KINE" shave ice that we had at Snow Ono's Shave Ice.  My wife and I had da Melona & P.O.G shave ice which was suggested by owner Jon and Boy was it 'ONO-ONO"... I highly recommend and suggest who comes out to the desert of Las Vegas to make it a point to find the Snow Ono's mobile truck and have a taste of da Islands in da hot lands...  We Loved it... Mahalo Nui Loa Jon and Marianne!!! Cheee Huuuuu!!! :-D

Here is their website folks:
http://snowonoshaveice.com/da-schedule/
Snow Ono is by far the perfect summer treat.  Four visits this summer and my fav is cherry, pineapple with sour spray on the cherry only .  The strange thing is every time i have Ono shaved ice, i miss Hawaii  ( as in North Shore and eating shaved ice. ) 

That's all i've got to say !
There isn't a better and more refreshing dessert in town than the shaved ice of SnOw OnO. I'm not lying when I tell you I've had 3 of these in a single night! The thing is though when you get your chance to try one, you better jump on it because the line is always around the corner! It's worth it though. I'm actually a little sad that I don't get to have this shaved ice more.

If I'm lucky I'll get to have 1 or 2 this weekend... crossing my fingers.

Seriously though summer isn't over yet people... get this shaved ice inside of you!
Sooo good. Love tigers blood. Winning!
From what I've heard, it's the best place to get shaved ice here in Vegas. 

I know they're pretty active as a truck, only having Monday's off for Oana time or whatever the islanders name their lazy off-days.

it's quick to order but it takes time to get your treat. People often underestimate how long it takes. You order right away, but may have to wait 15-20 for your shave ice.

other than that, it's pretty perfect! Don't forget to order a scoop of vanilla ice scream for a dollar more. It makes a wonderful base for your shave ice treat!
It really is "da Real deal"!!! I would have one everyday if I could!  Even when it gets 58 degrees outside I imagine I will STILL be craving some SnOw! Every flavor combination is heaven!! DON'T FORGET TO ICE CAP! The condensed milk & caramel give it that extra special touch! Everyone at the truck is always super sweet! Follow them on Twitter to get updates on their schedule.
uhmm..not as good as I've had in Maui...read http://www.yelp.com/biz/ululanis-hawaiian-shave-ice-lahaina#hrid:REo7Fn1eRPxv_dCTD4X32A/src:self

Syrup did not penetrate more than one-third into the mountain of shave ice. But I should mention that they offered to put in more syrup if requested. But the flavor also did not do it for me. 

Be sure to order the ice cold water with your shave ice if you try this truck..you'll thank me later.
Often imitated but never duplicated it's the original 808 shave ice booooooy!  

People call me silly and some even call me Mac Miller cause I'm always double thumbs up (google him if you don't know)  but in the end I only get cherry because it's my favorite and that's just how I roll. I know I know pretty plane jane but hey I know I'm not alone on this one. 

However, for those of you who are more adventurous than I, say like my girlfriend who hasn't missed a flavor on that truck. Then you could enjoy all the greatest things this glorious truck has to offer and here are a few: sweet condensed milk( you know they call this snow capped), caramel, chocolate, mochi, azuki beans, chile con limon, sour spray and a few more that I can't remember.  

More flavors than anyone can eat in one day so I advise eating 2 smalls on each visit with 2 flavors on each shave ice even though you could get up to 3 or more if you would like but I think sticking with 2 smalls and 2 flavors each time, like cherry and lime or lime and lemon would get the job done as well ans would leave you very happy and more on your way to a favorite combo of your own. 

The best thing about this shave ice is that it's "NOT" a snow cone. I repeat it's "NOT" a snow cone it's literally shave ice and when you eat this ice it's like eating a freshly fallen snow flake except one snow flake isn't  enough so they pilled a bunch into a cup and poured great flavors on top and it's delicious. I like to eat mine layer by layer as I run the spoon up the side of the shave ice peeling off a little bit of that glorious ice at a time. Warning: If your looking for chunks of ice in your shave ice than this is not the place for you because they only serve the finest shave ice in Las Vegas. 

Also, the staff has always been very nice and filled with many smiles. Hope this review doesn't fall all blind eye's  and sorry for the length I thought it was needed  to show just how good this place is. 

Your Welcome,  
The Vegas Villain
I had SnOw OnO from when their truck came to UNLV. They were giving away free shaved ice to students who had voted in the UNLV student government elections. 

I was imagining a product like a snow cone... something icy and filled with really sweet and artificial flavors. This was not it. The ice was powdery and it had the consistency of snow as opposed to ice. The flavorings tasted real and not artificial. It's what a snow cone should be. If you have the opportunity to try their products, go for it!

I had blue hawaiian which had a lovely coconut flavor that wasn't overpowering, and I also had the green apple which was tart without being too tart. They have mastered the art of their flavorings. Next time, I'm definitely going to try their red velvet cake flavor.
I got to try Snow Ono finally when they came to a movie in the park event in my neighborhood. First of all... push for more of these, it was really fun! Second of all... delicious. I got a small cone (which was GIGANTIC, by the way....) with three flavors (mango, blue hawaii, green apple), and a free add-on of sour spray.

I usually hate snow cones because they're all grainy and then when they melt, it's like you're eating pure sugar, but I really loved this. It was SNOW. it was eating snow. Like, when my friends made snow-garitas when we a had a blizzard last year in Pennsylvania, that is the consistency i am thinking of.

The flavors weren't syrupy either. I was afraid of that when I saw them pouring the syrup onto the snow, but it was fresh and delicious!

Loved it! Great value, delicious (not) snow cone!
This place is SO amazing! My best friend + I got a free cup when we voted in the student elections & OMGHHKP it was amazing!!!! The ice is shaved so finely, it's like cocaine. The flavors we on point and were so good on a hot day. The only problem was they put lemon instead of lime on mine when I asked for lime :(
Until we went to Hawaii we never understood all the hype on shaved ice.  We always thought of a snow cone that has cheap sugary syrup and crunchy crushed ice.  Boy, were we wrong...went on vacation to Honolulu and had Matsumoto's Shaved Ice and the Ice Garden.  [Note: a snow cone should in no way ever be compared to shaved ice].  The ice is shaved so fine that it appears snow like and the flavors and toppings are insane.  We were sad when returning to the mainland knowing that we would have to wait until our next trip back (who knows how long that will be) to have this delicious treat.   That was until we found Snow Ono Ice...we didn't think it was possibly to find this on the mainland let alone Las Vegas.  This place is a must go...you will not regret it.
love snow ono they did a event with Patty's Closet and it was amazing best shaved ice ever they make all there flavors and the owners are amazing
Had this today for the very first time.  We had chocolate and wedding cake - WONDERFUL!  My whole family liked it.  We are going to have to track them down for more in the future.
I was never a big fan of shaved ice before I came here, but on a hot summer day Snow Ono hits the spot. 

For me the thing that makes good shaved ice is the the texture of the ice. Some places have a granular texture which I would consider not shaved ice but a "snow cone". You know the thing you used to get from those ice cream trucks when you were little. Maybe that's why I was never a fan. But Snow Ono's ice is like nothing I've tasted before. It's nice and flaky giving it a smooth texture in your mouth. They also offer all kinds of syrup flavors and unique toppings.  

I just recently got back from Hawaii and Snow Ono rivals some of the places out there. I became a shaved ice critic and found only 1 out of 5 spots that came pretty close to Snow Ono.  

The only truck I'll be looking for these days would be Snow Ono's.
What can I say only the best of the best! Let me tell you that nobody in town serves shave ice like snowono. Period! Their velvety snow and flavor varieties topps other imitators. I tried other shave ice wannabes and taste worst than a slurpee. Not to mention they have the friendliest staff ever. It's desert at its best.
I discovered shave ice back during my Kauai adventure.  I've always loved sno-cones, but so entranced was I by these delicious treats, I would actually stop what I was doing on my trip, drive across the island, and hit up Wishing Well as fast as I could.  Upon returning home, I checked into shave ice rehab, and knew the day would come when I would fall off the wagon.

Enter South Point's Food Truck Fest.

Snow Ono actually parked in front of our business during an event one day, but I was too busy to try them out.  This time, I was going for it.

So I waited in a crazy long line, but it gave me time to size up flavors, and all the little side additions that they would put upon it.  Upon getting to the window, the lady asked what I wanted, and she must have hexed me or something, because I was pretty much answering "okay" to whatever suggestion she offered to enhance the shave ice experience.

I waited a little more, and was served this beast of a treat that was three parts tasty, four parts delicious, and another three parts heaven.  So what if it was early February and I was freezing my butt off?  Man, that shave ice was awesome.  I saved a little for the missus, and then had to fight her off from eating the rest of it.

I'm telling you now: When it hits those batmess hot 100+ degree temperatures this Summer, I am hunting these guys out.  I don't care if they end up making their way to Pahrump.  I'll still drive over there to find them.  If I can cover an island, I can make any drive.  Gollum has his ring obsession.  Mine lies in shave ice.

Actually, writing about it now makes me want one....
Small is too big but I order it every time!
A delicious treat that was sorely missed during the winter cold season. "Snow Ono where are you?" is a popular question in my house.

My favorite flavors are Tiger's Blood, and strawberry. Cotton candy is so sweet it hurts but because the snow is so soft, it really is just like airy cotton candy.
I like the condensed milk topping, and I have my eye on the sour spray for next time, but I'm afraid I will get addicted even more!
Creamy Ice - Oh yes- So darn refreshing and yummers!!!
I finally got the chance to try Snow Ono at the Fresh 52 Farmer's Market at the Sansone Plaza right near my house.
I saw the truck there before but it was just too cold but today was a sunny 74 degrees and I knew I was ready to try the Famous Sno Ono Truck.

I got a small (that size is too big so I suggest a kid's size) POG -Passion,Orange & Guava topped with Sweet Condensed Milk and Mochi Bits. Onolicious!!! You can easily distinguish all the different flavors, the condensed milk just adds to the creaminess and the mochi bits are so soft and chewy. I loved this combo!!!

The BF wanted a Rasta Rainbow so he got lime,strawberry and pineapple. He enjoyed his combo as well. I tried his and the lime was rather tart so I think next time I'll get lime with sprinkled lemon/lime salt on top and some sour spray. My lips are smacking as I write!!!

I love that there are so many flavors to choose from,other than something for your sweet tooth they also have options for those who want a sour tangy experience as well, the ice is so creamy and hello, they have mochi bits!!!! 

I have a feeling Snow Ono is going to be a constant cold treat for me this summer,...
Nice little shaved ice cone, but 25 minutes for ice and syrup? Give me a break
Expect a mound of ice and two teaspoons a flavor, but try the condensed milk. It's good!

I chased the truck forever! Last month at First Friday or something downtown, I finally caught it and I had cash (required). They have a bagillion flavors.. red velvet cake, pink lemonade, birthday cake. Interesting stuff.

I went with pink lemonade and the classic Tiger's Blood with a drizzle of the condensed milk. I dug my spoon into my spoon into the concoction twice before I reached pure unflavored ice (insert disappointment). 

Did I mention that it's expensive? Yeah.. too much for what you get. If it were a premium item I wouldn't mind paying extra, but it really didn't meet my expectations.

I'd pass!
This is an overdue review but better late than never...  I was messin around on Facebook the other day and saw Snow Ono was gonna be serving up their snowy goodness @GarfieldsRestLV... I've been wanting to try them for months now... So I told my husband we were gonna go on a little road trip and pay a visit to Snow Ono... We called our best friend and asked him if he wanted to go with us.. as I was explaining to him about Snow Ono he told me he used to get a similar tasty treat but it was called a Snow Ball back in Louisiana... He was definitely in.. So we headed out to the spot.. There was a nice show up of folks.. smiles on all faces.. We made our way to the truck and placed our order.. Scott told me to get chocolate and cherry... when i got to the window I also added condensed milk and chocolate syrup.. my husband ordered the Mango..  We got our order and my friend and I wanted a little more sauce on our snow and with not one problem the sweet gal in the magical truck took back our ice and added a little more which I thought was super!!  I took my first bite and I was in delight!!  It was sooo refreshing and good.. My husband is a plain Jane kinda guy and after he took a bite of mine he told me he was gonna be daring next time and not be so one dimensional  LOL.. that was the laugh for the night.. 

So Vegas and visitors... if your looking for something fun to do.. have a refreshing tasty cool treat than make your way to Snow Ono!!    I know I'll be there again and soon!!  Thanks Snow Makers.. you rock!!
Gave these guys another chance at the cinco de mayo celebration at nacho daddy's. This time things were a lot better. The service was a lot more quicker. I had the watermelon shaved ice w/ condensed milk. I have no idea how they make their ice but you would swear that you are eating a sorbet of some sort. It was so creamy. This is not your dad's shaved ice. I'll definetely be back!!!
This one time may be my only chance to get to try this since they don't have it on the East Coast!  But it was AWESOME!

My friends took me here telling me how great it is, when I arrived, they opened the window and told me they just closed and will reopen tomorrow!  I am from out of town so I asked them if they would make an exception because I was leaving to go home the next day, luckily they did make that exception for me.

There are many different flavors to choose from, I just got a kids size because the portions are pretty big.   I picked Mango, Coconut and Cola, topped off with condensed milk and mochii.  This combination was great, except the cola wasn't anything special, tasted like a slurpee from 7-11, i would go with a diff flavor, especially one you would think goes well with condensed milk.

I am not sure where this food truck goes, but follow it!  It's worth it.
Oh MY!!!!!! Mochi bits...enough said!!!!
I have loved this truck for a very long time. There are so many flavors, combinations, and add-ons that it is insane!!! mochi bits and condensed milk with any flavor and you have the winning combination. Not sure what others are talking about....I had syrup and flavor through and through each and every time I had this cup of fluffy shaven ice  of Yumminess!

Now depending on the events your wait time could be long(30minutes at the last First Friday event) but it was damn worth it!!!!
Unless you are a Las Vegas local you may not know that there is a huge Hawaiian influence here.  In fact, Las Vegas has even been called the 9th Island by Hawaiians that live here. This has developed into some Hawaiian traditions crossing over into Las Vegas traditions.

One of these, of which I am particularly fond, is the SnowOno Shave Ice truck.  For those of you keeping score at home, shave ice is a totally different thing than a sno cone.  I didn't believe it at first either, but I just drove thirty miles at rush hour on 215 for SnowOno and I wouldn't cross the street for a sno cone.  The difference begins in the texture of the ice.  I have seen the machine up close and still have no idea how this texture is achieved.  It comes out somewhere between actual snow and soft-serve ice cream.  They have a ridiculous array of flavors ranging from cherry, to egg custard to Tiger's Blood, I tried some of these until I fell in love with the egg custard.

There are a plethora of additional toppings and combinations that the staff quickly and professionally prepare while you wait, from mochi to caramel to condensed milk.  Perhaps, these are traditional island flavors, or maybe the minds  at SnowOno have just worked overtime to create the most addictive dessert in the desert.

As a food truck, SnowOno is always popping up around the valley.  The staff here does an excellent job with social media to get the word out about where they will be next.  For this I am grateful to them or as they might say; mahalos!
Love the Tiger's Blood with Mochi bits!  The portions were so big, I couldn't finish it. The girls are so friendly and nice.  

We hired them for a couple of events when I worked at VEGAS.com and they were fantastic.
Finally got to visit Snow Ono at the farmers market yesterday. I am a big fan of shaved ice and with all the praise, it was a no brainer to stop and try it. 

My shaved ice experience must be pretty limited because I've never seen a place offer ice cream and milk and what not on it, so being the first time I only tried a dual flavor cup, but next time I am gonna try something new. 

I got a large tigers blood green apple combo, my favorite flavors.  It was good and sweet and great for the 100 degree day we were having.  The girl that took my order was nice and gave me a stamp card with their social networking information.

Only gripe I had was that I had ALOT of syrup.  After just a minute or two I had a bit of a congealed mess, but it was hot out so it's not something that can be helped. 

I'll definitely be back for more because there are so many other flavors to choose from.
Great treat for the price!  I always go with the kid size (and usually still have trouble finishing it!).  The only reason I didn't give it that 5th star is b/c I can never seem to catch them in my area anymore.
Best shaved ice ever.  I have been in Henderson for only 5 months, and being a cali kid, the heat is killing me.  When I wake up on sunday I head over to fresh 52 to just get some snow ono.  The flavors are amazing, and its soft and tasty.  I can not go anywhere else to get shaved ice.  Snow ono is keeping me alive during the summer.
This is some of the best shave ice I've had and I am including ALL shave ice experiences...  My favorite mix currently is Tamarind with sour spray...I know I need to try the rest because I'm sure all flavors are awesome...best of all there is always a smile on either side of my icy goodness!
omg this is what you NEED when the weather is hot and the sun is beating down on you.
I had the kid's size (this is after my massive lunch of Hawaiian food plus poke) Tiger's Blood and oh my lord it was DELICIOUS!! the sno cone is not snow cone it's better than that. The way their ice was so smooth and the consistency was awesome. 
Geoff got the lime and lemon mix and that was yummy too. 
Snow Ono you know what you're doing.
Yes folks, it's Snow Ono Season!

We were at the Gourmet Food truck Block party and ready for dessert. Coolhaus was there, but their sandwiches were looking pretty much like ass, so we skipped it and went to visit Marianne and her crew.

It was hella scorching, so it called for a large shave Ice. I had always wondered what Tiger's Blood was, and when one of the workers mentioned that it was a blend of Strawberry, Watermelon, and Coconut, I was sold! Now this is my new favorite flavor, and I always get it with a snow cap and popping boba, cause that's how I do shave ice.

Marianne also told me she was working on a halo-halo concoction after she read what I mentioned in a recent talk thread which got me all excited, BUT Marianne, two things-
I wanna be the first in line to taste your halo-halo creation, and second, I'll take a super big gulp sized cup because the large won't be enough!....j/k...;0

But for reals, Snow Ono kicks the S@#T out of places back home, not even Waiola comes close! Yup, I said it....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(285/365) " Best Shave Ice- Period..."
We attended the Studio 21 Tattoo charity event and Snow Ono was on hand to provide some cool chill relief! They even had a special shaved ice concoction that included sailor Jerry spiced rum in the mix for the day. 

Finally I had my chance to try some of the ice cold refreshing bliss that was so refreshing on this humid day.

I chose half banana and half red velvet cake with a free topping of sweetened condensed milk. Mmmmm yum!

It was very tasty and everything I had hoped it would be! The girls working the truck today were sweethearts and I did see their proud Yelp sticker displayed.

Mmmm they gave me a buy 9 shaved ice treats and get one free card that also has their info on where to find them located throughout the day for my next fix!

Mmmmmm such a sweet treat to fight off the heat. Will for sure be enjoying again soon next time I need a little magic in my mouth...
ONO INDEED!

POG is my favorite flavor and I usually get it with pineapple as well.  It's like being back on da islands. Love it!
THE BEST SHAVE ICE I HAVE EVER HAD! Including Hawaii's Matsumoto's

Did some research before my Vegas trip on best shave ice places. The day I had free snow Ono happened to be a thirty minute drive away.  It was well worth it.  Best shave ice I've ever had, and that includes multiple places in Hawaii including the famous matsumotos.  I got watermelon coconut with condensed milk and mochi.  I ate every bit. Eat in the shade or an air conditioned car unless you want to drink it through your straw.  I rate them twice as good as purple penguin.  I'm going back to Vegas just for Snow Ono!  I've been craving it every day since I got back home.
The shaved ice is great! I always love seeing them at the Las Vegas Farmer's market on Vegas and Rampart Wednesday evenings. Just expect a wait if it's a nice night. We waited forty minutes last week but it was worth it. Just order, take a walk around the market, and come back. There are so many flavors and options to choose from! If you don't want a whole lot, order the kids size. It's still pretty big. The large is HUGE!
We love Snow Ono!  It's a special treat for my kids and a great way to have fun with blue tongues.
Growing up we had snow cones, hell I even had the little Snoopy snow cone maker, but this is entirely different. The moment that first spoonful hits your mouth you know that your life has changed. It is like a little cloud in your mouth, so smooth and delicate, not even a hint of chunky ice. I quite enjoy the tiger's blood and also the blue Hawaiian flavor. I also love to add some condensed milk to the top, so creamy! The portions are giant, so get a small and split it. You really can't go wrong, and the ladies that work there are super nice and will happily guide you in the right direction, which is anything on the menu. It gets hot in Vegas and on those scorching days, this is the best way to cool down. I only wish they would open an actual location so I could stop by anytime to satisfy my cravings.
Best shave ice outside of Hawaii, hands down.....  li hi mui shave ice with ice cream - uh HELLO!  Love it.
This food truck is a lot of fun. Great shaved ice, just the thing for the hot weather we enjoy in Las Vegas. If you see it cruising around Las Vegas get in line and order your cool treat. They have an incredible variety of flavors and flavor combinations so you can go back hundreds of times and not have tried everything on there menu. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
We have three favorites for shave ice.  Matsumoto on Oahu, JoJo's on Kauai, and Snow Ono in Las Vegas.  POG with ice cap and ice cream broke da mouth!

***UPDATE***
Just got back from the Big Island and Snow Ono is better than Itsu's, if that means anything to anyone.  Wife agrees.  I gotta get back to Vegas...

***UPDATE / HEART ATTACK!***
I'm way behind the times and just discovered Sno Ono is no longer in business.  After a couple minutes of Googling, I discovered the business was handed over to Oso Ono and has a reputation for putting out the same heaven-sent shave ice!  I'm relieved to find I can still get my shave ice fix on the mainland but I'll miss the Sno Ono truck.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/oso-ono-shave-ice-las-vegas
Thank goodness Snow Ono was there to cool us off during First Friday. There was a new bunch crankin' out the shave ice and I was told Marianne is more behind the scenes now, and makes a cameo appearance every once in a while.(Good for you Marianne!)

As always, I go big, and I go with a Tiger's Blood with the Snow Cap and Popping Boba cause that combo is DA WINNAH! (Try it, you'll see what I'm talkin' 'bout!!!) Softest, smoothest ice EVER!!!

I said it before, and I'll say it again- I grew up eating shave ice all over Hawaii(Matsumoto's Shimazu's Baldwin's, Aoki's, Island Snow and even Waiola-BOTH locations(considered the best in Hawaii by MANY) They ain't got nothing on Snow Ono!....and that's the fact JACK!!!...ALOHA!!!

,
Just preparing to write this review has got my mouth watering...

We're punished in the summers with the scorching hot heat from the Vegas sun, but I believe everything happens for a reason. So from this torching summer fire we endure every year, comes the birth of a snow cone food truck to ease your troubles (yes they do). 

The girls that run this truck are actually snow angels, blessing us with a gift of pure heaven! Good, soft, cool, sugary heaven. I love how they give you the option of the amount of syrup you'd like (light, normal, or heavy) and the fact they offer punch cards to redeem for a free snow cone in the future, if you fulfill the punches of course. 

I've tried the Tiger's Blood and the Melona. Tiger's Blood is a popular choice and it isn't bad.. but I prefer the Melona. Add some condensed milk and it's like you're eating a Melona Bar! ..If you haven't tried Melona Bars then you need to start looking into it, I mean it!! You also have the options to add on things like ice cream, mochi, a sour spray, etc! 

They have several flavors but I honestly wished they had more (greedy much? why, yes, yes i am hehe). I just miss my black berry. black cherry, ice tea, cantaloupe, options that I had in TX. But still I'd have to say the snow in Vegas beats the one in TX! 

In regards to sizing of cups, the kids cup is enough for one person! Small is perfect for two, and it's like a party with anything larger!
I had it for the first time at a food truck event. It was amazing and the shave ice was Huge. The flavors are endless there so many i wanted to try. I had to wait 35 mins but it was totally worth the wait.
This food truck is thee bomb! Ahhh it was so good! The ice was really soft. The wait was long but it was surely worth it! And its decently priced for the amount that you receive.
This food truck is adorable. First the snow cones are amazing and unlike your usual crunchy hard sloppy mess' that you're used to. They are almost creamy and so soft and light. They are beyond refreshing especially in Las Vegas in October. The staff are so kind and sweet.
Too add even more incentive to try this wonderful treat, I bought one for my nephew and right after he got it, he dropped half of it. A lady with two adorable little girls walked up and started helping me clean it up. I was so surprised and explained she didn't have to. She said okay well at least let me get you another new one. It was so big, that was also not necessary, but again so kind. I soon found out that this was her establishment. She was inspired to start this business after going to Hawaii and becoming addicted to this delicious iced treat while pregnant and decided to share it with Las Vegas.
She is a wonderful woman and she spreads a wonderful treat. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
Being the idiot that I am, I didn't get around to checking out Snow Ono until yesterday, when it was actually a little bit cold. Didn't stop me. After coming back from a week in Hawaii, I really really wanted more shave ice. Like REALLY. I had lilikoi with the snow cap and azuki beans. OMG So good. And the fact that it was a bit chilly outside just made it last longer. Yay! I will be back frequently!!!!!!
I've never had shaved ice as good as this!! I tried one of Snow Ono's kid sized shaved ice at Aki Matsuri last saturday. I ordered it with Blue Hawaiian, Pineapple and lychee syrup with mochi bits. I really wished I could have gotten a bigger size with what I had!! The shaved ice and mochi bits was so soft and good on a hot day. I'm definatly going to try them again.
BEST SHAVE ICE in VEGAS!!!! i don't care what you say it's the BEST! its so soft and fluffy, the give such a good amount of syrup and ice cream portion is huuuuge!! and i need condensed milk on top... best part is that its FREE!!!  i just wish they would come to my area.. i would eat their shave ice everyday, even if its in the winter if i could hahaha.. i have yet to try more of the flavors and toppings! can't wait for my next visit!!
I have known about Snow Ono for a long time, but only had a chance to try it last week. Specifically, their last two days of business. :( Yeah, I know, I am from Hawaii and love shave ice, but I don't really do well with following food trucks. :P Sadly, they have shut down for good, but I'm happy I tasted the best shave ice ever! You heard that right folks, Snow Ono is better than any shave ice in Hawaii!! Why? The ice is like a powder. You don't need to chew on bits of ice because it it smooth and just melts in your mouth! Yum!

My favorite flavors and toppings were strawberry and mango with condensed milk and mochi bits. It was nice of them to give out free shave ice (and pizza from Biaggio's Pizza) to all their customers on the last day. Although it was 50 degrees out and freezing, we could not put our spoons down until the last bite. It was totally worth it!

I'll miss you Snow Ono!
This is the best shaved ice truck in all of town! Seriously the ice is creamy and the flavors are great. You'll be surprised by just how big the shaved ices come even with a childs size.
The best Hawaiian shaved ice away from islands.  Doesn't get better than this.  You have the toppings and fixings that you would get in Hawaii.
Snow Ono is the real deal.  She has a ton of yummy flavors and the portions are huge!  Marianne always remembers us and makes us feel like we are a part of her ohana.  The customer service here is just as amazing as the shaved ice.  She closes down for a bit in the winter when Vegas gets a little chilly so I make sure to get my fill in all summer long.  There is usually a long line but its cause they are so good.  It is worth the wait!  Snow Ono is the perfect Vegas treat.

Marianne recently sold the business.  I hope whoever bought it got all her secrets and Aloha spirit.  Looking forward to the weather warming up and getting my Ono fix.
I love me some shave ice !!!!!
Love these the smalls almost too might for one person alone o can never finish it.it's really good with their ice cream know the middle dragon blood is awesome too.
Simply AWESOME!!! A must have if your craving relief from the Vegas heat.
best hawaiian shaved ice in vegas. ice cream, soft snow, condense milk, red bean, mochi... perfection.,had 2

!  *update recently had shaved ice from a different at the Aloha Hawaiian festival  at Silverton Casino, so decided to compare. 
 
WOW really noticed a difference, the vendor at the fair used "crushed/ground" ice which they made using modified drill presses, ewwww,  it was crunchy ice and all the syrup drained to the bottom, leaving little flavor on top. that left the ice on top tasting like bland crushed ice left over in a drink. Boo. Ice cream on the bottom tasted like that synthetic cheap ice cream, you no waaay processed. Ick. The syrup that drained from the top was pooled and concentrated on the bottom in tasted like cheap koolaid.  in short, cheap syrup and ice cream, basicly clumpy hard crushed ice, wasnt impressed.

Went to Sno Shack again to refresh my taste memory and refresh myself from the blazing Vegas sun. This guy has the REAL DEAL "Snow" machine that actually "shaves" the ice giving it that soft texture of fluffy snow. Fluffy snow means syrup stays evenly spread throughout the sno. Owner Jackie told me he gets his syrup from Hawaii and definitally taste deliciously yummy and DEFINITLY NOT KOOLAID like the other cheapo ice. Ice cream was real ice cream flavor,  no skimping,here! :)  Azuki beans and sno cap made the whole thing a creamy, smooth, fluffy sweet mountain of YUM!  

Even as a hawaiian shaved ice novice, i can, definitly see and taste the difference between REAL "shaved" ice and sub par "crushed" ice. Its definitly an art and Jackie at Sno Shack will be happy to explain it to you and watching him worl his ice magic is fun!
Sno Shack, more like super tasty frosty sweet ginormous snow mountain of flavor shack!!  Love it, finally real authentic Hawaiian flavor that is EXACTLY what I got hooked on and have been craving since last time I was in Hawaiian. Staff is cute and friendly, glad I found this hidden gem at the swap meet. Booth G4. Got one as I was shopping around and had to get another on my way out! Staff told me they like to try introducing and test new favors and combos! Rainbow is a sure fire classic. Don't forget to add the azuki beans and sno cap they MAKE sno ice sno ice. Repeat, DONT be afraid to add them, it is ABSOLUTELY A MUST!  Snooooooo Shaaaaaaack I heart you!
This shave ice stand opened just in time for the Vegas heat.  One of the things I miss about living in Hawaii is the shave ice.  Here is a place to satisfy that craving.  

Great quality and friendly service.
This place definitely has the best Hawaiian Shave Ice around! I've tried Shave ice from California, Vegas, and Hawaii, and this place can definitely match the deliciousness of the shave ice from Hawaii. For just about $3.50 I was able to get a huge mound of ice in a flower cup. For about $.50 extra, I was able to get my favorite topping: condensed milk! The mixture of condensed milk with strawberry and blue Hawaiian is pure ecstasy to me. Once I start eating, I just can't stop!

This place was a little tricky to find. I had no idea that it would be located inside of the Swap Meet, so be prepared to shell out an extra dollar per person when trying to get your shave ice fix. Overall, I was definitely satisfied with my experience at Sno Shack and will definitely be coming back to beat the Vegas heat!
This place is kind of hidden. First you have to find the swap meet off Decatur. It's a dollar to enter into the swap meet. Once you get in, Sno Shack is straight ahead and a left in Aisle G.

I don't really have much experience with Hawaiian Shave Ice, but I thought it was pretty good here. There's a couple different sizes available and the flower cup is probably the best value. There's various flavors available and toppings such as condensed milk, ice cream, and red bean. I just really like that the owners of the shop here are meticulous about making each individual order as perfect as possible. The ingredients are spread out well with flavors being equal throughout and the presentation is clean.
This place is in a flee market and it cost $1 to get in. But the Hawaiian Shave Ice is well worth it the last time I had it like that was on the North Shore in Hawaii enjoy.
i was real skeptical about trying hawaiian shaved ice since i usually go for taiwanese shaved ice.. but i was having a condensed milk craving and decided that this will do, after all.. i was already at the swap meet!  once i bought it, i was surprised (in a happy way!).  first of all the price was real cheap compared to the five dollars that i always have to shell out to satisfy my cold dessert cravings.  the kids size was 2.25 (i think) and an extra .50 for it to be snow capped (condensed milk).  

they pile the cup high with FLUFFY ice.  i love love love how fluffy and fine the ice is here because then the flavor is dispersed evenly unlike those shaved bricks that you can get at the carnival.  then you can choose three flavors and there were a LOT of choices!  there was even a wedding cake flavor (but i didn't try it).  anyways, whatever three flavors you choose, i'm sure it will be good but i think i am in love with the combination that i chose (strawberry, blue hawaiian, vanilla).  also be sure to top it off with condensed milk YUMMMMMMMMMMMM.

this place was a little hard to find because it was in the middle of an aisle unlike the other food places.  i'm giving this place four stars because the swap meet is open friday to sunday so i may only satisfy my cravings three days a week and i need to pay a dollar to get into the swap meet.  if this place were to open a store outside of the swap meet i would definitely come more often.
Wow what a great small little shop that's hidden by the ugliness of the swap meet.

Found this yesterday while we were walking through. 

The guy explained all the different favors and even let us sample a piece. He said he even had Boba and this moochi concoction. 

My husband and I shared the shaved ice and had the condensed milk on top with mango and bubble gum. I swear he acted like a little kid at a carnival. He literally wouldn't share it with me and I was wishing I had gotten my own.

Three bucks for a medium and it was huge. Excellent price for a yummy size. Well worth it. The flavoring tasted like a wedding cake than turned to delicious sweet bubble gum flavor. 


Yum, this may be my new secret spot to hit on the weekend.
I LOVE this place!! Today was my first time here and it was so good! I tried strawberry and lychee flavors. The owners were very nice. I will be back again for sure!
This place is awesome. They make perfect shave ice, and the workers are friendly and knowledgable. Tons of flavors, li hing mui, mochi, the works. So happy to have a shave ice stand right down the street!
My boyfriend and I come here quite often! We got hooked on shaved iced from our trip to Hawaii and this place is the best in Vegas. Staff is friendly.. the location is a little different but very worth it!
Best Hawaiian Shaved ice in Vegas!  
Great flavors brotha. 

Thx Jackey
Glad not to have to drive too far out of Scottsdale for authentic Mexican shaved ice treats. The Chamoyada reminds me of a Bloody Mary on ice - salty, spicy and sweet! Perfect way to cool down on a hot day.
Enjoying my strawberry raspados right now, and it's 105 degrees out. Great way to cool down, but the staff wasn't super helpful with the all-Spanish menu.
The raspados are soooo good!!! My kids loved them and they are better than ice cream so we WILL be back for more.
found them by chance.  I was in the stripmall for another business and saw their signs. popped in and the place was busy!  lots of families, all seated enjoying treats I've never heard of before.   Tositos Preparados, Churros Locos, and some other things.    I tried their sonoran hot dogs as I've not had one in a couple years and they were excellent.  now that the summer heat's here and they're close by i'll be sure to try a raspado.  the melon and peaches and all the fruits looked so delicious and refreshing!
When you are missing Mexico this is the place to hit up. Although the treats are not as good as the ones you would find in the state of Michoacan they are still good. I've tried basically everything on their menu, you can't go wrong with this place. So next time it gets 100 degrees and you want a little piece of Mexico, you know where to go!
Had the original flavor both condensed milk glaze with mango pudding (by recommendation of the owners), red bean, and topped off with almonds. It was awesome!  Next time I'm going to have to try taro ice, with mochi & crushed almond cookies which looked amazing.  The place is beautifully decorated with a new aged modern Asian-American feel. I'm going to be a regular there very easily
Heard about this place from a friend who had tried to come here before it was open. Of course I had to beat her there and try it first because I'm selfish like that ;)

It was REALLY GOOD! I had the Thai tea with strawberries and condensed milk glaze. Great combo, and I'm excited to try the other combinations they have as well! The shaved ice isnt like traditional crappy american shaved iced that you get at fairs and kids birthday parties, it's creamy. Probably closer to an ice cream, but def lighter than an ice cream. You know, I'm not explaining this very well... You should just go in and try it, you won't regret it. :)

The store is really nice inside, great branding, love the logo (I'm a graphic designer, can you tell?)... Also, everyone was very nice and helpful. 

There are also free stickers, so that's good. Definitely try this place out! Ill be going back, especially since I live right next to it (score!).
"Snoh way anything frozen can taste this good!"  

Selfishly I don't want to recommend this place because of the possibility of making this so popular that I worry that there wouldn't be enough supply for my demand.  However my rating would suffice in this easy recommendation.

One of the easiest description to this would be frozen cotton candy.  The uncanny fluffiness to this desert marvel topped with fruit toppings and condensed milk is a taste you'll be back for more. This is simply a no-brainer during 115 degree weather, but the shaved ice is a treat you worth having even during cold days of Arizona.  Though I haven't tried the Snoh drinks, I would give it a try at my next stop.  

Service is friendly and they make good recommendations.  The place with it's trendy decor, Instagram artwork and Flat screen TVs adds to your visual stimulation as you wait for your desert.  I would opt for the large size in a dish with split flavors with original and something you're willing to try.  

My only hope is that my fantastic review doesn't get lost in the "filtered" black hole of reviews for the site.

If you find this useful, funny, or cool please check accordingly.
After a friend of mine went there that morning and said it was good, I had to go try it for myself.  All four of us had different flavors and toppings, we were all very impress with it.  The place is hip and the servers very friendly.  I'm ready to go back for more, wish they were closer to where I live.   Def will be going back soon.
Okay, so I have now been to Snoh Ice Shavery 3 times in 4 days, the first was the night before their grand opening, then their grand opening and then 2 days later! I have brought friends and family with me since my first visit! 

It is genius; really genius to open up a new, delicious yet very unique dessert eatery in HOT Phoenix! 

Snoh Ice is basically a light, flavored creamy ice that has been thinly shaved to a fluffy consistency, to which one can add different toppings like fresh fruit, tapioca balls, chewy flavored mochi, flavored puddings, and a sweet glaze of your choice. The great thing about this is that the basic concept is something we are all familiar with, but at every step, we are given exotic choices, to expand our taste buds' horizons (ie. strawberry or taro Snoh ice? Mango fruit or green tea mochi? Condensed milk or black sesame glaze?) Seriously, Genius.

Having grown up in the San Gabriel Valley of SoCal (where the owners are from), I have had my fair share of shaved ice and entering this place transports me back to my childhood home!! Great job, Snoh! I will be back again in 2 days, with more friends in tow, because everyone needs to know that you guys have arrived!!
Wonderful little shop. Staff is amazingly kind and helpful. I had never tried anything like their shaved ice cream, but it was wonderfully delicious and fluffy. I would definitely recommend trying it out.
Everyone who has reviewed this place already wrote really good descriptions of the shaved ice, so I won't repeat that. I'll just say that I like the variety they have for flavors of shaved ice and for toppings. I had the Thai tea shaved ice with red beans and lychee jelly toppings, glazed with condensed milk. I kind of want to go back to get the same thing because it was so good, but I also want to branch out and try other things. #firstworldproblems. In addition to the shaved ice they also serve boba drinks.

I'm happy to see this place having so much popularity in its first week. I hope the success continues!
How I see Arizona as a Californian.. 
"Oh hey, they have corn hole every where."

On top of that..

- Scorching hot temperatures
- Not enough quality Asian food.. :( 

How I see Arizona as a Californian, after visiting Snoh Ice..
- Scorching hot temperatures.. until the flooded gates of Snoh Ice opens @ 12pm 
- Not enough quality Asian food.. until I had my first taste of their Thai tea Snoh (MY FAVE!!!!!!) and chewy warm boba (SERIOUSLY?! IN ARIZONA?!? i expected hard, amatuer boba, but don't let their location fool YOU! SURPRISE!!!!!! DELICIOUS BOBA IS HERE!!!!!).

Everything I've tried at Snoh was a hit..

Their fruit ice teas with Boba.. So goood!
Thai ice tea with Boba.. SOOOOO GOOOD!
Taro Snoh, Thai Tea Snoh, Green Tea Snoh, MOCHI! FRESH FRUITS!! OMG OREOS!! GLAZE?!? WHAT'S GLAZE??! BLACK SESAME?! OOOOH! CHOCOLATE? CARAMEL?! OMG CONDENSED MILK?! CAN I JUST DRINK THEM ALL!??

I'm now back in California and am scratching my neck as speak, I think I'm addicted to their "snoh"....

and yes, we do have plenty of snoh ice like places in LA, but these snoh guys have got it down to a science.. perfect texture & taste.. like no other! 

must try!!!
I was in AZ for a family gathering and passed by this place. I was interested because it said 'Snoh'. I immediately pictured Taiwanese shaved ice in my head. Gave it a try and little did I know, it tasted better than I had expected. :)

We went there during their grand opening on Saturday around 11-11:30am. They had Lion Dancer's and DJ set up. That was pretty cool, the lion dancers made two performaces. The line was out the door after 5-10 minutes of opening. I was amazed! I have never seen a dessert place this packed. My initial reaction when I walked in was wow! WOW this place looks amazing and has very very nice decor (wish this store was in CA). It looks very upscale compare to some stores and restaurants in AZ. It had a nice ambiance and a variety of different crowds.  I didn't even feel like I was in AZ... It was kind of upscale and hipster-ish at the same time. They have this very cool canvas poster on the wall with customers holding snoh stickers. They also had another wall with cool photos! The owners remind me of young, hip, and trendy people. It's awesome inside.

Their staff is very friendly and helpful. There was quite a few employees that day and  I assume they were family and friends. The girl at the front desk was helpful and made some recommendations. She recommended I try the black sesame glaze (I FELL IN LOVE).. 

I ordered a few different ones to try. I had Taro Snoh (purple) with Coconut Mochi balls with Black Sesame glazing. OMG it was so good. The Snoh literally melted in my mouth. Next I had the Thai Tea with Boba and condensed milk. I should have ordered a large for my self. I couldn't get enough... It is SOOOOOOO goood!!!!!! They also sell drinks. Their Thai Tea with Boba was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!!! It's rich and creamy. It definitely hit the spot for me. Not to mention their boba was super super super soft... (I heard some other customers say that there are no good boba places in AZ, i guess this is the place to go....For a second I thought I was in CA. This store definitely has authenticity when it comes to their recipes. You might also want to try their Almond Milk Tea with boba of course ... They also offer other milk tea drinks: Taro and House blend also some peach strawberry and passion fruit tea. 

They also have freee wifi!!!! Ain't that awesome??? All you have to do is ask for the password.. I LOVE this place. I can't wait to go back. I am sure this place will do well with those scorching and burning weathers during the summer!!!
Sunday, May 5th, green tea ice with condensed milk topped with green tea mochi & red bean.  The green tea was really refreshing and tasted like green tea. Mochi was chewy with red bean made exactly how I like it.  

Monday, May 6th - original and taro with condensed milk, red bean, black sesame.  This combo wasn't my favorite.  The black sesame sounded better than it was for me.  The original with condensed milk was the classic, tasted so creamy and so good.  

Friday, May 10 - It was a busy night.  There was a long line and one cash register.  They might want to consider opening another cash register to handle the weekend crowd.  I think I found my favorite combo.  It's the Thai tea with condensed milk and red bean.  Thai tea unbelievable, highly recommend!  A friend suggested to try the almond milk tea with almond pudding.  I love almond milk tea but never had it with almond pudding.  A lot of places make this tea way too sweet.  This drink was made perfectly!

I think I have an addiction now. I do not need an intervention yet, because I will be returning soon to mix more combos. =)
This is such a cool hang out spot. Love the awesome atmosphere. Has a great and comfortable decor. Now about the shaved ice, a dessert like no other I have ever had. It's hard to explain what it is but I know is one of the best unique desserts I have ever had. My favorite so far is the strawberry shaved ice with almond cookie topping! If you're looking for something to keep you cool during the summer or all year around this is the perfect place to go! Check them out!
You can play games here. It's a fun place to hang out while you eat dessert after eating at Cherry Blossom Cafe next door.

It definitely has some good flavors! Try it! I didn't see a lion dancer in the store. They should have one on request. That would be awesome.
It's thee Bomb.com/.org/.net!! xD
one word: AMAZING. Pretty soon this will be replacing fro-yo places. $3.75 for a small is pretty decent. I tried 3 different flavors. Taro-Lychee and Black Sesame, Thai Tea-Green Tea Mochi and Black Sesame, Strawberry-Strawberry Mochi, Almond Cookies and Condensed Milk. The best was the Taro. Such a different flavor and flavorful. The Thai tea was good but probably goes better with sweeter flavors. And the strawberry was ok but it wasn't so creamy, it was more icy than creamy.

The place is pretty trendy. and has games to play, sofa and its right next to Cherry Blossom and Oregano's, two of my favorite restaurants. Skip dessert there and come here.
Lunch adventure today- Snoh Ice Shavery in Phoenix.  My name twin's sorority sister opened up this shop and she wanted me to come tag along with her to check the place out.

When you first walk in, you notice how modern and trendy this place is.  The tables and floors are nice and clean.   There were so many options to choose from! This was my combination; Small: green tea, mango pudding with sweetened condensed milk.  Simply put,  AMAZEBALLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!  When I ordered he took my name and even said it again after giving me my change.  I can see this place as a hangout spot and the owners/workers knowing you on a first name bases.  In turn, would make customers for life. 

Consistency is accurately described as fluffy.  It is not heavy at all. Do you really think I could eat a small regular ice cream by myself? Three bites into eating regular ice cream would be having me running the bathroom. I am full Vietnamese ok?, which means of course I am sentenced with a life time full of non-dairy products and have to eat basically everything lactose free. However, I had to try this out, even if I get the bubble guts. GUESS WHAT?! It didn't hurt my stomach at all. I ate the whole thing too.

The question is... would I come back and the answer is uh, Hell yes! They need to open up a shop on the East side.  
I also took a sticker, I am putting it on my baby's little coupe car and will post the picture soon :)
apparently this is a california staple, and it just opened here in the valley. via a friend, we popped in after dinner last night. our friend was having a difficult time explaining the texture of this new fangled ice treat, we just had to experience it ourselves. 

basically, it's like airy ice crystals....like cold cotton candy texture. it's light and fluffy and airy and really good! from what i understand, its flavored ice that is shaved....not shaved ice with flavor added. anyway, it's not crunchy like ice crystals or shaved ice....it's smooth but not like ice cream or custard or yogurt. really, you just have to try it.

at the counter, you order one of about a dozen base flavors. i opted for taro, but there are many tradtional flavors. then you opt for one topping for a small, 2 for a medium, 3 for a large, or pay extra for extra toppings. then you get a glaze. the most popular at the moment seemed to be sesame seed, but i chose condensed milk and kiwi as my topping. 

it was a surprise. i thought the taro would be more tart, but it really wasn't. then with the creamy sweetness of the condensed milk, it was a delicious sweet melt-a-thon on a hot summers evening. my only complaint was that they were a little stingy on the glaze, so if you eat the top portion of your treat, there is no glaze left to enjoy for the remainder of the dessert. our friend went back to the counter and asked for more glaze which they obliged. 

a new way to cool off in the valley and a nice change from all the yogurt shops.
Snoh has an interesting product. It's very mild and subtle. Now that I've been there twice and watched the guys crank out their desserts at a rate of about one every two to three minutes I find the establishment too frustrating to patronize again. It sucks to watch your friends finish their dessert before yours arrives and then have them look bored while you eat yours. 

Your subtle, understated product seems empty, flavorless and overpriced to me now.
What a cool concept! Not ice cream, not a slush, but more of a snow....or snoh. Choose your flavored snow, a topping, and a glaze (which is essentially a drizzle) on top. The menu isn't overwhelming with too many choices, which can be intimidating when you're trying something new. What they do have though, is really interesting. Taro flavored ice, mogi toppings, condensed milk glaze......it's very creative. 
The place was very clean and decorated in contemporary IKEA style. I happen to love IKEA which is why I recognized the decor! 
So what's the verdict? It's really refreshing and tasty. A very unique spin on a frozen treat. My only gripe is that the toppings and glaze were very light-handed, almost non existant. I just barely got to taste the tiny almond cookie crumbs and condensed milk on the top of my strawberry snow.
This was my first time having Taiwanese-style shaved ice and it has got me hooked.  I had the taro snoh with red bean, green tea mochi and black sesame glaze.  LOVED the taro snoh and black sesame glaze.  I'll have to pass on the mochi next time because I didnt' like how it got harder and less soft and chewy the longer it was in the snow.

Great atmosphere to hang out, they have board games at every table.
When you get here it is... Decisions, decisions, decisions....

What size to get, what flavor to get, what toppings to get, and then what sauce to get....  They ALL sound so good....  

After standing in line for 5 mins and staring at the menu (with my glasses on), OH CRAP it is my turn...  Small, Thai tea, mochi balls with condensed milk sauce came out of my mouth.  

I waited less than 5 mins and they called me name for picking up.  It looks so yummy!!!  It was really good!  It was icier than I expected.  I thought it would be creamy.  But it is called Snoh!

It is a fun, happening place.  L, G, and I plus a few friends ran into Nader there!!  Nice to see where all the Yelpers flock to new places!
Every Asian I know has posted pics of this place...yes in Phoenix Arizona you can find some Asian delishness!  I've tried the green tea and the original flavor but love my strawberry shaved ice! I've stuck with my favorite Strawberry with Chocolate and Coconut Mochi Balls. Not two sweet and just the right amount of sauce and toppings.  All of my friends have gone at least twice, it's an addiction!  The staff has always been friendly.  I've been there during a weekday mid morning and at night, people kept coming in to try Snoh.   Some who know about this type of shaved ice or just curious foodies!
Super tasty!!  I'm so excited that another asian place opened up in Phoenix--usually you'd see something like this in Chandler...but I'm so stoked that it's in my hood!  I tried the taro with almond pudding and sesame topping.  Mmmmm...delicious!  It's hot in Arizona, go get some SNOH!
Wow! I'd been craving thai tea and didn't want to venture far, and I noticed Snoh had just opened right up the street. Instead of getting a thai iced tea, I tried their shaved ice/ice cream hybrid in thai tea flavor. I added green tea mochi, boba, and condensed milk. Now I want to go every single day. 

The snoh has an interesting consistency, creamier than shaved ice, but more subtle than ice cream. I especially love that it isn't too sweet, so the tea flavor really shines through. I was given a decent amount of toppings, enough to last me until the last bite, and the gal who prepared it poured on tons of condensed milk.  They have 5 other flavors, (I've also tried the taro - awesome!), and despite the seemingly limited menu, there are tons of potential combinations.  

This is a seriously refreshing and tasty treat, and I can't wait to go back.
Stop...just stop what you're doing right now and GO TO SNOH! This is by far one of the most unique places I have ever been. It's much more exciting than your average frozen yogurt or shaved ice place. The decor is friendly and inviting, the customer service impeccable, and the "snoh"...oh the snoh...where do I begin? I had the green tea with mochi balls, red beans and condensed milk. It was satisfying without being too filling, bursting with flavor, yet delicate, and just basically awesome! Needless to say we licked our plate clean. I'm already formulating what my next treat will be!
Tried green tea snoh with black sesame glaze this time around. A few of my other friends also ordered the green tea snoh. General consensus was that the flavor was very mild, almost non-existent. It was good when you ate it with toppings, but without the toppings it was pretty much flavor-less. Probably won't try that flavor again!
This is shaved iced on a different level folks.  This is not your snow cone ice or your Hawaiian ice.  This is Taiwanese ice.  Smooth and velvety with infused flavors such as taro, green tea, strawberry, mango, and Thai tea.  If you never thought it was possible to put those exotic ingredients into ice then you definitely need to come down to check it out.

My favorite is taro, I die by the taro, its my usual to go flavor for most desserts/snacks.  

To take it up another notch, throw in some of these toppings: mochi balls, mango, lychee, cheesecake bites, strawberries, lychee jelly, almond pudding, mango pudding, boba, orea cookies, and kiwi.  I know this list seems overwhelming but do your best to see what complements what flavor of ice.  But who the heck cares, mix and match however way you want, this is your masterpiece we're talking about here.

But wait, it doesn't end there, you also add a glaze: condensed milk, caramel, chocolate, taro condensed milk, green tea condensed milk, and black sesame.  Imagine the glaze as the icing on the top, it brings everything together.

Pricing is reasonable for these yummy and refreshing delights.  You get three sizes: small, medium or large.  Each size you get atleast 1 topping and 1 glaze.

The ambiance is funky fresh, hip, and urban-esque.  The staff are energetic and enthusiastic.  Stop by and check them out.  Peace and happy nomming.
Thai ice with red beans and green tea mochi are deadly combination! It was so good that I can remember clearly the ice melts as soon as it touch your tongue. Yup it was THAT good :) Definitely will come back for some more.
5/29/13

Winding down from the CMYE at Del Frisco's, someone brought up an impromptu UYE at Snoh Ice Shavery, and since I've never been and had been craving for shave ice, such as that I experienced in Honolulu, I needed no other prompting to go.  Snoh is located in the same plaza as Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe (another bookmark I've had since moving into the valley many, many years ago- now I know where it's located, I'm going to have to stop in for a try!)  Parking looks very decent for the number of businesses around here- a big plus!

The line can get long very fast, but the two guys behind the counter take the orders very quickly (or as quickly as they can when newbies, such as myself, come in for the first time and are faced with so many choices!).  I decided to take the easy way out and try a couple of shaved ice flavors and a few toppings, so I went with the "large plate" for $6.75.  I spent my first decade, born and raised, in Manila, so I am very familiar with taro (we Tagalogs know it as "ube") ice cream, so I had to try Snoh's icy version, and added Green tea to the mix.  My toppings were cubed mango, red mung beans, and black sesame condensed milk.  It took about 8 to 10 minutes, but we had a large group present, and our lively conversations made the wait very easy.  This is what waited for me at the counter when my name was called... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/snoh-ice-shavery-phoenix?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA#jyv16LcyCFb3Cz-Q3CkDxg  I have to say that while it didn't look very appetizing (mango cubes didn't present well, and neither did the black sesame drizzle-- why not just pour the milk, let it cascade down the icy landscapes, and just sprinkle roasted black sesame seeds on top?), I loved the taro, red mung bean, and black sesame condensed milk combo.  I thought the condensed milk overpowered the green tea ice, and I wouldn't order that match again.  However, I wouldn't mind having ust green tea ice.  It tasted very fresh and clean-- a great palate cleanser after a great meal.

Cool artwork and backsplashes.  Nice concept of posting photos of guests on the TV display, but does the staff check for total complacency of all those present in the pics, I wonder?  I can see privacy breaches becoming an issue... 

Will be taking family over for a few treats here in the future, I'm sure!
Yea had this for the first time last weekend it's just AWESOME...had the Mango with Kiwi, Almond Cookies and Condensed Milk . Staff was super nice and offered help with my choices. Just go and beat the heat with this cool goodness!
SNOH Shavery Ice .... DOES ROCK!!!! Baby Blue Spoons, match my Naioooos ... Yah to kool.... Way to Go Tony & helpers. My taste buds.... Well they are 
veeeery haaaaappeeee! You guys are great......  Yummmy on the taro,almond cookie,BoBa, Carmel glaze ..... I'lllllll B Bacccc :p
Went here recently. It's very yummy. A short story, a couple of years ago we saw a Food network special about this kind of "shaved ice" and was craving it. Eventually we got some in LA and it was everything we wanted.  Jump back to a couple of days ago, my sister said we have to go there. Get the Thai Tea, shaved ice. That flavor is really good. I then tried the milk Thai Tea with lychee jelly. It was surprisingly good.

This store is a little small, so if there are a lot of people in there it gets really packed.   

It is $6.75 for a large, perfect to share. Try this, you can thank me later.
Refreshing desserts you can't find anywhere else in Phoenix. Fun place to hang out and even get some work done. Almond pudding = almond jello!
Finally something different to try. 

This place is pretty great and super hard to explain. It's so light and fluffy, not like a snow cone but ice like for sure but milky however not even close to being like Ice cream, gelato or froyo. With that said, it's a must try just for the experience. They offer a great variety of toppings but nothing crazy like fruity pebbles or gummy bears. 

The only thing it needed was more toppings. I would suggest asking for extra of whatever toppings you get. 

My daughter chose carmel as one of her toppings and holy wow, probably the best carmel I have ever tasted...sorry churn. 

I can't wait to go back...I kinda want to open up my own shop on the north side of Phoenix. 

Loved it!
The shaved ice is unique and good.

The ambiance and service lacking...Would i come back? no...not even if i was craving it because service SUCKS...

Rude wanna be's here. 


I'd give 1 star but that wouldn't be fair to the shaved ice.
It's about damn time!!  We finally have a new dessert place in town! This one just happens to come in the form of some Delicious Asian Funkiness.  It's cheap, creative, tasty, and just a "must go to" kind of place.  5 stars for Snoh!
This place is awesome. The taro root boba is great! I also really like the taro root snow with condensed milk.
I ordered a the original with strawberries, almond cookies and chocolate syrup. It was actually really good, the only thing was next time I will order maybe strawberry or green tea because the original really has no flavor its just straight up snow lol

I tried strawberry with mango and the strawberry had a lot of flavor.

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the service was just okay, they weren't very friendly.
When it comes to dessert, it has been Cookies & Cream or bust.   I've tried so many desserts .... but nothing comparable to the Cookies & Cream .... until now.

Snoh.   The shaved ice comes in four flavors: Taro (blech), Green Tea, Thai tea, and Mango (yum!).   

It's a dessert place that is small and can get loud once it gets filled up with people.   I am happy to see a large contingent of young Asian people gather in Phoenix.   I suggest find a friend and share a large here.
Yes!!!! I have a twin here in Phoenix by the name of Brenda or is it Susan?! Reason is cause I come here many times and sometimes more than once in a day!  Hence my alias cause I don't want the guys in there working to know that I'm addicted to their confections!  Yummmmm, I just love everything they have to offer here. 
When I would go back to Taiwan, the first place I always go to is a shaved ice place to satisfy my shave ice fantasies!!  Now I don't have to fly to Taiwan for the same delectables- hey, what I would have spent on a plane tkt, I can spend on shaved ice at this place!
I tend to shy away from the Americanized flavors like strawberry and go for flavors like taro, Thai ice tea, green tea, mango, and original milk flavor. Oh wait, I think I just listed ALL the ice flavors as my favorite. Haha. I'm not surprised. 
I also love all the toppings mochi ball, mango, yum yum I say. 
Please the drizzles- love both the black seasame and condensed milk!
Oh, and don't go for the small- go for the LARGE like I do and ask for it on a plate- they'll give you two flavors and two types drizzles and two types of toppings. Get the picture?  HEAVEN on a plate!!!!!
I love the vibe of the place, hype and modern. 
And the guys who work there too- they play along with me when I give them my aliases- I have to love them for that!
Let it Snoh, let it Snoh, let it Snoh...

I finally got to try Snoh with some friends the other day and I now finally understand what the hype's all about:  There's nothing like a bowl of perfectly fluffy shaved ice to beat the hot Arizona heat!  The shaved ice was so fluffy and just melts in your mouth..  Toppings and mix-ins are plentiful and there's a wide variety of sizes so you can choose your sweet sweet poison.  This place is just amazing!
Good stuff!  I wished I remembered what I got......but it was good.  Different product and they did a great job on the remodel.  I didn't expect to find this venue in this center.
Yum, I am in love with the green tea with condensed milk and mochi balls.  My daughter with the original with chocolate and cinnamon toast crunch (not on the menu).  It is light and refreshing and cools you off on these incredibly hot phoenix days.  I plan on trying one of their teas, eventually, but for now I am content with the shaved ice.  Unique and tasty option in place of ice cream or frozen yogurt.
Confused.

That sums up my experience. When they were about to open, they had pictures of their snoh on plates but when I get there, we get froyo cups. Some people have dishes, I don't. Problem with that is that they put so much snoh in the cups, they pretty much cheat you with the toppings. I can't stress how little they give you and even with so little, there's no room to mix it in the cup. So, even though you've compromised, took a couple of calming breaths, and came to terms with the abysmal amount of toppings, 4 spoonfuls in there's no toppings and you're left with strawberry albeit bland snoh. Might as well slam your head into the table in defeat because you pretty much just paid for sugar syrup and ice.

I came with family and everyone's snoh was different. Some were soft like it's supposed to (strawberry), but some where so compact and hard like a brick (taro). My family are natives so they definitely didn't think it was THAT worth it to drive down to Phoenix to try it. Cherry blossoms next door is 3x more worthy to drive down for.

There's a new Snow that opened in the Mekong plaza so I'll try it, but my expectations won't be so high next time. As for others, it's a new and exciting concept and I understand that there's already nothing Asian-related in this desert, but just calm your titties down because it's not as great at the hype surrounding it claims to be.
Snoh is interesting in that it is really, one of a kind. At least here in the valley. It's taiwanese shaved ice, where they freeze blocks of this stuff and shave it in delicate layers into your bowl. The first (and only time) prior to Snoh I'd had it up in the Bay area, and was smitten. Fluffy! Sweet! Cold! Just perfect for summer!

So this is kind of what you can expect, with regards to Snoh. You walk in, and up along the wall there's a menu. You pick what flavor of Snoh you want, and then you can pick toppings. There are solid ones, and liquid flavor ones as well. Then you wait for them to make it. They'll call your name and you come up to collect your very own Snoh concoction! 

For example, the first time I went to Snoh I picked a mango flavored Snoh, with red bean and mochi toppings, and condensed milk on top. The last time I went with my husband we got a thai iced tea Snoh, with cinnamon toast crunch and mochi, and a condensed milk topping. Pretty straightforward. As a heads up, the size of what you get will dictate how many toppings you get, though I'm sure you could get more toppings and pay for that as well. We got regulars both times, which will give you two toppings and one liquid one. It's pretty huge, more than enough to share between two people. 

It really is mindblowing. It's so fluffy and ephmeral. It's not dense, not in the least bit, and you'll find yourself going through this enormous bowl quite easily. As new as this business is, when we went in this Saturday evening it was PACKED. Packed enough that we weren't able to get seating, and we just decided to take this home and eat it along the way. Clearly popular. You will get cravings for Snoh, just so you know. Yes, yes you will. My girlfriend who lives in the bay area came to visit, and she regularly gets cravings of Snoh.

So go check it out. You won't regret it.
Nice environment and great snow ice. Can't find a better one in Phoenix.
I first heard of this place from my sister. It's literally 2 blocks from where I live, yet I never really noticed it (Oregano's is on the other side). I'm not a fan of shaved ice, but my sister told me it's different and it's quite delicious, plus they sell boba tea so that kind of sold me. I'm a big fan of milk tea with boba, but no one in Phoenix really sell it - usually you won't find it unless you're in Tempe or Chandler.

Anyways, I went there twice, Saturday and Sunday. The first time I got the green tea ice with red bean, boba, and condensed milk. It was delicious. Fluffy, refreshing, and smooth. I didn't really taste much of the green tea, but it was delicious regardless especially since it was 110 degrees outside.

Sunday, I got an almond boba tea and another snoh ice. I got taro this time with the same toppings. The taro was yummy. Definitely taste like taro. 

I will definitely come back. It's conveniently located and the place is clean and nice. There's wifi so you can work there and enjoy a snoh ice if you want. It's a bit pricey, but definitely worth it.
Let it Snoh, Let it Snoh, Let it Snoh!  
This place is has a cool vibe to it..... the ambiance is chic, the place is modern/clean, and they should just install a revolving door in front with the amount of traffic they get at this place!  Seriously, there's always a line when we visit - but it's worth the wait!  
The flavored snoh they create are so fine it's almost like eating ice cream instead of shaved ice.  They have quite unique flavors, toppings, and glazes.... from the traditional green tea ice with red bean and condensed milk (one of my favorite combinations) to the more westernized strawberry snoh with fresh strawberries and chocolate glaze, there's quite a range of combinations that can be had.  
We've also tried their boba, thai tea, taro snoh, mochi, sesame glaze.... all yummy in various combinations!
Now, if they would only open a location closer to where I live so I don't have to drive 15 miles to play with snoh......
If you like tasty cold treats, you must check out Snoh!

I don't say "ice cream" or "shaved ice" because it really isn't either of those things like I think of it. And if a few friends hadn't raved about the place I doubt I would have checked it out. Shaved ice didn't sound that exciting. Don't make that mistake - this place is great!

I had the shaved thai tea, almond cookie topping, and black sesame glaze. I had no idea what I was ordering, so asked the super friendly guy at the counter (Tony) for advice. It was nice, light, and super tasty. My wife had the taro, shaved almonds, and caramel glaze. Hers was more savory than mine, but both were delicious.

The place also has a great vibe. Super clean, with some slick art on the walls. A TV was playing a dubbed asian war movie of some kind that was fun to watch. They also have games on one of the tables up front to keep kids (and adults) entertained.

If it sounds interesting but you're not sure what some of these flavors are like (taro?), don't let that stop you. The staff was great and can help you put together something nice and safe or crazy and adventurous. Either way it is seriously refreshing on a hot Phoenix day.

This is one of our new favorite dessert places in town. Get in there and try it out!
What a fantastic place!

The first time I visited Snoh was last month, and I have been craving another visit since! There really aren't any words to describe this delicious treat - it's literally just like flavored snow melting in your mouth.

My favorite is the green tea flavored snoh. Sometimes,  green tea flavored things can leave a bitter aftertaste, but this was perfectly balanced. The tea flavor was noticeable yet it didn't overwhelm the other flavors. I added fresh strawberries and red bean as toppings, and drizzled condensed milk and chocolate over the entire thing. It was a great combo! I've also tried the same combination but with almond pudding instead of strawberries - also good, but I like that the strawberries added texture to the snoh.

Pros: fresh ingredients (I believe they do get fresh ingredients everyday, and they actually shave the snoh right in front of you. This snoh does not come out of a packaged machine,  thank goodness)!

The ambience is another plus. This place gives off a very hip and fun vibe. It's a great place to just lounge around with friends on a hot summer day. 

Cons: I can see why this place could be a bit overwhelming for some people, especially if he/she isn't familiar to the concept of shaved and flavored ice. My advice? Just go for it! Pick flavors and toppings that are familiar to you, and just ask the guys who are making the snoh for their tips and advice. 

This place is certainly worth the drive,  and I can't wait to make another visit soon.
The snow was kind of watery but considering this was the first time I've had snow, it was good. Decently price. I also had the regular milk tea with boba on a different day. The boba was very soft and chewy= perfect. The drink itself, however, was too watered down. I had them remake it thinking it was a fluke (they did claim they have San Gabriel Valley, CA standards) but it tasted the same. 

If you're from CA: pass on the milk tea, try the snow (I haven't had class 302 so I don't know how it compares to it)

The owner and staff there is super nice, I hope they improve their milk tea flavoring, I'm willing to come back and support them!
I love this alternative to ice cream and froyo. I love the taro and condensed milk glaze. The topping can be interchangeable. So far I really love it with almonds cause I love the crunch. The shaved ice is great cause it isn't too heavy and it's just sweet enough. This place is definitely a place to try!
Forget waxing, shaved is the way to go. (not like anyone would really wax ice, but whatevs...)

For me:  shaved thai tea, cinnamon toast crunch, mochi, and condensed milk glaze. 
For him: shaved original, mochi, and black sesame glaze. Just like the one in the picture. :)
For us: A unanimous rating of OMG that's delicious and light and fluffy and did I mention delicious? But the cinnamon toast crunch was the best!

This was our first time here, but won't be our last. The guy at the counter seemed kinda bored, but was very helpful when he saw that we didn't really know how to order. 

While waiting for our order we learned a little about the Tibetan jumping spider and the Himalayan Chiru antelope (did you know they have twice as many red blood cells as humans? Fascinating!)...Education and Sustenance, awesome!
Walked over here after a delightful meal next door at the Noodle Place. B-Day Girl wanted something sweet and tasty. I have never seen a place like this before. Simple menu and some interesting ingredients. Hmmm?

I have always liked Ice Cream, Frozen Yogurt or just a smidgen of that Midwest delicious Custard. This place is a bit different and at the same time a one of a kind experience. More of an Asian twist if I can say so. Nice!

Everyone ordered something different. You pick the size, flavors of the base ingredient, and then what toppings you like. Then you choose a glaze to finish it off. They also sell milk tea and ice teas.

I order a Regular sized Original with Mochi Balls, Almond Pudding covered with Black Sesame Topping. One of the family members ordered something with a Mango and Chocolate combo kinda of thingy going on. I did not ask what the B-Day Girl got but the Granddaughter liked it so much she shot a spoonful across the room onto the wall. Napkin Please.

All around COOL concept with some interesting flavor combinations. I like the game playing area as well. Just kick back and chill if time permits. Game On!

3.5 Stars
I have heard a lot of good things about Snoh Ice and this is my first time to try it! It was more than spectacular! The shave ice it so yummy and so healthy! I saw so many toppings to pick and very good customer service too! Highly recommended!
Snoh is really good.. especially in this heat!
Finally good boba in Phx!
Finally, a good boba place in Central Phx! I'm giving it four stars for not having more tea flavors (there's only about 4 flavors each for milk tea and for regular tea) but overall I've enjoyed the boba teas I've tried there.  I personally like their Thai tea and Taro tea - have not tried the Almond or Milk tea flavors.  I've tried the snoh but I'm not as big a fan as I am of boba in general.  I like that the boba has been consistently chewy every time I order it and that the tea is well mixed - no granules at the bottom of my cup.  My husband can't bring himself to deviate from the snoh - he mixes it up all the time, but he tends to get the thai snoh or the original flavor and puts mochi, strawberries, and black sesame glaze.  We love the location (super enabling since it's 10 mins away from our place) and usually don't have to wait too long for our order.  It's in the same center as Cherry Blossom Cafe, Tokyo Express, and a few other relatively busy places, so parking can be a premium at peak food times.  We've usually gone on the weekend or towards the end of the day and have only had a problem finding a spot once or twice.  Try not to look for a spot in the front - go to the left and park towards the back.  You'll get your fix faster and with less stress!
After gorging myself out and going H.A.M. on a huge bowl of noodles and bread sticks in front of my date (our second date) at Cherry Blossom next door, we decided to venture over to Snoh. The shaved ice at Snoh reminded me the time when I was an obese kid eating shaved ice in the slums of Taiwan. The shaved ice texture was very unique and fluffy from what you'd imagine. They had all the sweet and fruity toppings you could want. The atmosphere was very is very fun, hip, and clean. Apparently the owner knew we both were on a date so he played some romantic music. Thanks! 

Song request for next time: Careless Whisper by George Michael.
Not really my cup of tea, but the overall experience was good. You get what you pay for, and its not nasty crap. More variety and options would be nice.
(Lyrics - Rihanna ft. Mikky Ekko - Stay)

All along it was just shavings
A cold ice freezing believer
I threw my hands in the air I said show me something
He said, if you dare then add a little chocolate

Round and around and around and around I went
Ohhh now tell ya now tell ya now tell ya now I know (what to order)

Not really sure how to feel about it
Something in the way it taste
Makes me feel like I can't live without it
It takes me to a cooler place
I want some more Snoh.......!

I was "snow" ice shavings were first brought to my attention when I traveled to LA.  Wasn't sure what the rave was about, but I gave it a try.  At the time I thought it was a pretty cool concept and didn't know why Phoenix didn't have it --- Cause we live in the damn desert!  

Finally, "Snoh" ice was brought to us by this place -- Thank you Snoh Ice Shavery.  You didn't even come up with some weird name, just tell us what it is; ice shavings with consistency like snow haha!  

The place itself has a LA tea boba shop feel.  A lot Asian kids hanging around and reading some Manga.  Man I'm getting too old for this place!  

Overall, "snoh" shavings here are pretty good.  Your choice of toppings from gummy bears, tapioca, lychees, strawberries, and chocolate syrup.  Similar to your self-pour yogurt shops, but "snoh" is ice shavings so you amount of calories are much much much more lower than your average desert.  That's why I totally appreciate this awesome invention.  Not to say you should eat this for Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner.  Everything in moderation is fine.  Our host was very gracious and also the marketer for this place.  Well done my friend, but I still think Ironman would crush Batman! Wink! - Enjoy!
So good!  It's the perfect combination between shave ice and ice cream.  It's so fluffy and melts right when it touches your tongue like real snow.  Such great toppings and flavors to choose from and I love their mango pudding!  Slightly expensive for my taste, but it is a specialty item.  Perfect for a hot day in Arizona!
Really good, really interesting take on the concept of shaved ice. I tried the strawberry topped with oreos and chocolate glaze - really sweet, but yummy. I think I like the original shaved ice flavor best. The caramel topping is delicious without being overly sugary. It was also really nice that they use fresh fruit instead of compote.

Snoh is definitely worth a try. I will be back.
I was pretty hyped up about this place even before it opened up. Most of the time you get a huge build up only to be disappointed in the end. Definitely not the case for Snoh Ice.

The staff is very accommodating and friendly and the setting is very chic and a fun atmosphere. Also the place is kept very clean, which is a plus given how busy it can get.

Now onto the good stuff. The snoh here is amazing as it's light and creamy all at once. I've tried about all of the flavors and I have to say that the thai tea has won me over completely. I will drive very far in order to get my thai tea snoh fix. 

This place is definitely a gem among dessert places in Arizona.
Neat place and the shaved ice is good. Different than anything I've had before but it is good. I've had several flavors and the best so far has been Thai Tea shaved ice, Almond Cookie topping, and Condensed Milk glaze.

Took my wife and daughter and everyone really liked it. Highly recommended.
We really enjoy this place, but it seems like there's some kind of secret stuff you can order (kinda like In N Out) that we don't know about...because when I see my friends pictures of their Snoh, it's nothing I've seen on the menu.  Nonetheless, what I get is surely delicious.  I usually order the taro snoh with coconut mochi and sweet cream.  I have recently learned that if you order it "here" on a plate, you get more for just about the same price instead of in the cup.  Not much seating area in this place, so best to just eat on the go.
The most unique and flavorful dessert I've ever had. I'm a regular now and I enjoy the large taro on a plate with boba, lychee jelly and condensed milk.
I have a new favorite dessert place! Snoh's shaved ice is like no other in the Phoenix area. It has a light, whipped texture, almost like cotton candy. Also, the ice itself is flavored before it's shaved. When you order at the counter, you get your choice of flavor (e.g., Original, Thai tea, mango, green tea, taro), toppings (1 included for small, 2 included for medium and large), and glaze (e.g., sesame, condensed milk, chocolate, caramel).

So far I've had the mango and the taro, and I prefer the taro. The portions are very generous, and 3-4 people can easily share a large size. There are numerous toppings to choose from (Including fresh fruit, mochi, and puddings). The only thing I wished they had was a fruity glaze, like maybe a strawberry or raspberry.

The decor is hip, and they are always playing a quirky movie on the TV. Iron Sky, anyone?
"If all the snowflakes were candy drops and milkshakes,
Oh what a snow it would be.
Standing outside with my mouth open wide,
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah."

This child hood song comes to life with snoh.
Little tiny snowflakes,
Embossed with burst of exotic flavors,
Melting into your taste buds magically,
As your eyes enjoy a nice does of art pieces on the wall.

I love Snoh. Five Flaky Stars ;-)
The shaved ice is ridiculously soft and fluffy - lots of toppings to choose from, and a regular size is great to share between two people! I've come back at least once a week since we found this place!
This place is amazing, it really brings me that California feel. The music, the people and the environment. All it would need is just a beach view outside and this place would be perfect. The setting here is very clean and chill, with that California vibe. 

I never really had Shaved Ice before especially there way. It was so light, but so tasty! It's almost like eating sweet cold clouds. LOL! I got half thai tea and half taro ice. For the condiments I used mochii balls, Lychee jelly and condense milk. At first I thought the large size I ordered was going to be too large for me to finish, but after enjoying, talking and watching this cool Japanese show on the TV, I looked back down and saw that I have finished it all! Boo! I would definitely recommend a friend here and if you have a chance take a picture with the "Snoh Card" and your picture will be posted in a collage with the others. There are some famous people on there ;)
Snoh is delicious and they have great boba! Only thing I don't like is location, but dessert and service is awesome! If you like Thai tea then you have to try it as snoh.
My best friend and I went here after lunch for a treat! At first I didn't really want to try it. I was only there because my friend insisted we go. She ordered a taro with green tea mochi balls and I have to admit it was delicious! Don't judge a book by its cover!
OMG this place is great.  I ordered the green tea ice with mochi and sweet sesame.  I love it.  One of my girls ordered regular with oreos and caramel...yummy.  The added bonus is the local artwork you can buy.  My family and I will get every chance to visit again.
One of my favorite new ways to beat the heat: Taiwanese ice cream! Actually it's shaved ice with a very unique texture. Also, it's a great place to get bubble tea too!

So far we have had our Snoh's in strawberry, taro and green tea. Most recently, I tried green tea + red beans + condensed milk='s delicious! With the red beans, I felt like I was back in the Philippines. 

Not to mention that it's a pretty "healthy" dessert. 100 calories!
LOVE IT! I always have shave ice when I'm in China, and it's great to see it finally land here in the Valley. 

For those who don't know, many countries and cultures in Asia and across the world have shaved ice desserts. They may range from Filipino halo-halo, to Korean bingsu, and to Chinese bing-sha. Most of them involve finely shaved ice with sweetened condensed milk, fruits, beans, and other toppings.

Snoh takes it one step further by providing flavors of shaved ice! I loved their green tea and taro snoh, especially paired with toppings like mochi and red bean with a glaze of sweetened milk. Highly recommend this place.

The decor is bright and trendy with cool artists displaying their work on the walls. There are TVs on the walls and overall, it's a great place to socialize with friends and just chill.
Amazingly friendly service and great green tea shaved ice! Would definitely recommend this cute, quirky place!
I spotted this next door to Cherry Blossom, and wanted to know what all of the hype was about as I've never experience "snow" before. My husband and I were pretty full from dinner, so we decided to split a small. We chose the green tea, with mochi, oreos, and caramel drizzle. The snow was unlike anything I've had before, well at least food-wise, because it really was almost like eating snow. It was very light and fluffy and melted as it hit your tongue. The green tea flavor was very good, I like that it was subtle. The toppings added some dimension to the dish with the chewy sweet mochi (kind of like gummy bears) and crunchy oreos. The caramel drizzle was very decadent, and a nice added touch. The girl who checked us out was very helpful and friendly, and offered to give us recommendations if needed, which was nice. I can't wait to come back and try more flavors, or I might even try the boba next time!
My first time coming to Snoh was an average experience. The selection was short and sweet, that's what I like most. The ice shavery is light and good. The owners need to work on their customer service though.The individual at the cash register was very friendly but the other two just stare at you and very discourteous. I wouldn't come here again until it improves.  I also ordered half green tea and half Thai and they only gave me Thai.
Super Yummy! The place is incredibly delicious! The staff is friendly and helpful with the daunting task of choosing your flavor and toppings. The taro ice with green tea mochi balls and boba is my favorite! They also have boba tea which I'm excited about because there isn't any place around here that has that. Go try it if you haven't already. Best desert in town! ADDICTED!
I first came to this place the week it opened...unfortunately it was right before I was going to leave for a 3 month summer vacation back home to California. I was really excited a shaved snow place finally opened up in Phoenix! For those who don't know what shaved ice is, its different from crushed ice or what you would get in a snow cone. Shaved Ice is literally shaved from a big, flavored block of ice into a flaky "melt on your tongue" consistency. 
The owners are also from California, and nowadays since shaved snow places are popping up everywhere like boba places in Cali, they were smart to bring their business here. It also means they know good quality since there is so much competition back home. Anyway, I went back recently and I'm glad to say there was a huge improvement in their flavors and quality since the first time I went. 

My favorite flavors include the green tea, mango and taro. The flavors aren't too sweet or overpowering, so you can still enjoy the topping and glaze. I always go for the condensed milk and ask for extra too, but the black sesame glaze is yummy too, especially on the green tea ice. I always go for the fruit toppings, the cookie topping are good too.  

I hope they put toppings like cheesecake and poundcake on the menu, and different flavored mochi!
The snoh itself (I had taro with almond jelly and condensed milk) is pretty good but their size options are overpriced by about a dollar each. I don't think this was intentional, but I sensed some attitude when I asked if I could mix two flavors - the answer is no for small and regular size. Friend ordered taro milk tea and it was not good. The drink was poorly mixed and the boba were either undercooked or had been sitting out for too long.  Also, when an employee cleaned the table next to ours, he sprayed the table cleaner in such a way that the aerosolized droplets made their way into my open mouth.  Not a pleasant taste or feeling when you are trying to eat. 

Overall: come if you've never had asian shaved ice before, but stick to yogurtland for better value and variety.
It was good, I would go back, but not doing cartwheels over it. Can't really go wrong with what u order unless you're a picky eater. The staff could be a bit more descriptive about the flavors, taste and what the hell you're eating.
Love this place! Chic, cute with some Asian deco elements, and the most important, the shaved ice is so yummy!!!

3 of us came after a Saturday brunch, ordered a large size of Taro and Original shaved ice, paired with sweet red beans and mango fruit (they also offer mango jelly), and topped with caramel drizzle. Maybe because of our choice, this plate was very very sweet. If you don't like sweet that much, choose something different. The large size was definitely enough for 3 of us! The shaved ice was very fine, fluffy and felt like cotton candy! And as it melts, it seems to be more like ice cream than ice. The texture is very different from the other shaved ice I have tried where you can feel more of the ice. 

If Snoh was not 20 miles away from me, i would visit at least once a week! Can't wait for the next visit :)
I don't know honestly what to say, because you have to honestly try it yourself to experience how amazing this ice/cream/but not the two combined in a way lol, thing is. Holy cow the first bite was simply mouthwatering for more. It's an amazing deal with a huge amount for a small at $4.00 and only 50 cents per extra topping. Free glaze of course. Support local business by trying this crazy good dessert!!
Short review: Good, but if you've had the shaved ice in SGV (San Gabriel Valley in California) then it doesn't compare. Very good though overall.

Long review: Ever since I've had baobing in SGV 6 years ago, it's stayed in my memory as one of the best desserts that AZ is missing. It's so hot here 9 months a year, why wouldn't they open one? I'm so glad it finally has its place now in Phoenix. The flavor options are limited, but they are adding more.  My favorite so far is any of the shaved ice with all of the almond options. I recommend getting the syrups/milks on the side and add on slowly as to not oversweeten the dessert. I hope they eventually expand the menu even further and add a wide variety of flavors and have even better ripe and fresh fruit toppings. My go to place for dessert anytime I'm in Phoenix.
(edited for grammar) :)
Ordered strawberry and a Honeydew with Mochi Balls. Light, very airy and good.
BUT Overpriced for what you actually get.
;(
I've been waiting, for des-sert like you... 

Seriously. 

My favorite go-to dessert is typically halo-halo. But when I can't make it out to Mesa or Chandler, the taro SNOH with almond pudding, red bean, and condensed milk glaze will do just fine! I've grown weary of the multitude of frozen yogurt, gelato, and Italian ice shops popping up around town like McStarbucks. SNOH is a refreshing change of pace and strikes my taste buds just right! Love this place and I hope this is just the beginning of a beautiful relationship!
Never been there until today and I gotta say I'm impressed. I've been to many boba tea places and I've never seen the "snoh" shaved ice before. It's delicious. I wish they would have a blended menu, however, it was an overall awesome experience.
I'm from Taiwan, where boba milktea originated from. I can speak with confidence that SNOH has the most genuine boba milktea I've ever had in Arizona. Besides that, all of my friends who have tried their Taro Snoh agreed that it tastes just like what we had back in Asia! 
SNOH is absolutely a worth-trying dessert place with amazingly genuine products :-)

We accidentally visited SNOH during their first week of opening...it's love at first taste. Till now, I'm still willing to drive all the way from Tempe for a cup of taro Snoh with mochi balls; I never get disappointed by any of their products (the latest pumpkin flavor Snoh is awesome); I can never get tired of spreading good words about SNOH; and I've just made my first Yelp review for SNOH :-D
I'm clearly late to the Snoh party but I concur with all the good things said, and my worst at Snoh has never been truly "bad" in terms of service, even if not quite as on the ball as at their best.  I generally find the staff pleasant, helpful, and patient as I and others dawdle for what must seem an eternity to staff (and those behind us in line) in making our decisions from all the possible combinations.  I love the taste of this stuff.  Everything combination I've had in 3 or 4 visits, whether a green tea, thai tea, strawberry, or mango base.  

I spent a year in the northeast of mainland China over a quarter century ago (just call me "lao") and all snow we got quickly received a generous coating of coal dust, making it roughly as appetizing as yellow snow, so even after a year in the motherland,  I can tell you that for me it's a new and unique treat and beats red bean popsicles all to pieces!  There is nothing comparable to this incredible lightness of being combined with all the of lush refreshing flavors and comforting coldness in the Arizona heat (Well, unless you stop in for "snow" at Pho Avina way up North 49th Ave & West Thunderbird way).  

While I'd agree at least a bit with reviewers who thought each size somewhat over-priced for what you get, as much as I'd like to wallow in a field of snoh, make snoh angels  - and EAT THEM (preferably for free), I think the prices not terribly out of line for what is at this time a new, unique desert dessert adventure in a unique and comfortable, even sophisticated, setting.  It's kind of like the fabled "Starbucks experience", but younger, in lighter color Copenhagen wood tones with a modern, casual, comfortable, distinctive-but-not-overwhelming Asian flare.  

They're not going for discount volume here, but even so, the smallest serving is sufficient to provide an adult a good taste, cool you off, whet the appetite to return, and simultaneously allow you to feel remarkably virtuous for having responsibly indulged in only this dessert lighter-than-air, and having not over done it. That said, what I really want is a bucket for $5 and a spoon.  A large spoon.  

Note that it's perfectly acceptable to eat yellow snoh - as long as it's mango.
This place is excellent! Every Saturday after Cherryblossom, we go to Snoh and have delicious milk tea or what they refer to as "snoh" which is basically the consistency of snow. Very light, and powdery.

Positives:
-Fun atmosphere 
-Great products--definitely try everything once

Negatives:
-Little too expensive. You get a lot, but not a lot of snoh.
-Staff is a little abrasive

Overall, I will definitely be back.
Shaved Ice, It's not a snow cone, not even close. 

Hard to explain exactly what it is so you must just go try it.  I stepped out of my comfort zone and glad I did.  Everything was nice and clean the way it should be and super nice employees.   $4 for a small Snoh Ice was plenty big enough for two of us.  Also tried a Pomegranate-Passion fruit Iced tea that was as refreshing as it sounds.
This incredible place makes living in Phoenix all the worth while. 
No more flying to Los Angeles for shaved ice. I think it just got BEST OF PHOENIX They deserve it. 
I'm in heaven now !
This place is super awesome, everything I like under one roof. Had the Taro and red bean snoh and it was good. If you haven't tried this place then "Do iiiiiiT"
the people there are really friendly. one of the employees there remember me from like a month ago since my last visit and that to be means customers are more important
Holy SNOH! This s%&$ is fan-freaking-tastic!! I have to say, this Canadian walking into Snoh really didn't get what it was all about, I've just never seen or heard of anything like it. I asked the owner and staff, as I was trying to decide what to have, exactly what I was about to eat - "Is it like Hawaiian shaved ice" I asked? He replied that no, it was very different: milk based, very light and fluffy. In my head I really could not conceive light and fluffy ice... Man oh man is it ever! I was addicted after one bite! Super full from lunch I just wanted a sample to try - let's just say I downed the entire thing. People, I just couldn't stop myself!! I had the traditional flavour (yes, yes, there is a 'u' in flavour in Canada) with a caramel drizzle and almond cookies crushed on the top. 100% unique and absolutely fabulous! 

Cheers Snoh, I will be sending the Snow Birds your way!
I have to say OMG DELICIOUS!  I am love frozen yogurt, so I wasn't sure what to expect from this kind of ice cream.  It is light, flavorful and delicious. I shared my ice cream with my date and I wish I would have gotten my own! I had the taro flavor with condensed milk.  That topping is a must!  When I'm in the area, I will be back here.
Fluffy sweetness in the hot Arizona weather with customized toppings?  I'm in! As a former Lollicup employee in my minimum wage days, this place is legit and even better than Lollicup.  Perfect boba texture and flavorful tea that is a relief from the powdered stuff.  Love it!
So delicious. I live down the street and I can't help but go every time I have a spare minute! I always get thai tea snoh with green tea mochi balls and black sesame, I'm addicted
Best. Stuff. EVERRRRRR! I'm sad/glad this isn't closer to me. If it was I would literally be there every single day which isn't the best thing. I tried taro with condensed milk & boba, husband got strawberry with condensed milk & strawberries (lame) I was in heaven eating mine. Soooo creamy, sweet & delicious. I will be stopping in every single time I'm in the area.
I'm from California and my cousins brought me here in June for the first time. Definitely loved and now I went back to Arizona this month and I had to make sure I'd stop by here right when I landed.

Snoh is really good and has great service! Everytime I go to Arizona this will be my first stop always.
I am so happy the snow craze has finally made it to Arizona! I have had snow at a couple places in California, so when this opened we knew it was a must try! I knew it would be successful in Phoenix, well...because it get so damn hot! We came here opening week and got there at the perfect time because after we got our order the line got crazy and went out the door! I recommend everything! my favorite is mango, taro  flavored snow with the mango popper thingys! We even tried to black sesame syrup, that i'll admit I doubted, but it was really good! This is close to my sisters house so I hope to come back again when we're in the area.
It's about time that I review Snoh...because I love it.

If you look back through my reviews to a place call Sweet Home Cafe in Hawaii, you'll see me mention a shaved ice dessert loaded with gummies and whatnot. That was a younger me losing my baobing virginity. Needless to say, once my proverbial cherry was popped, I craved more. Unfortunately for me, Arizona wasn't well acquainted with this dessert, so my craving went unsatisfied.

This was all until I saw a link to a place called Snoh on Facebook. I legitimately freaked because I was so excited! I freaked even more when I realized it was opening in my hood, right next to my apartment (you should have seen me creeping on the owners while construction was underway)! 

When the day came, and they finally opened, I was in heaven. The snoh itself was delicious, and I'm sure you've read all about it in other reviews. If you're a novice to the dessert, I do not recommend getting the tea flavors of snoh...get regular, taro (which almost tastes like a mix of the buttered popcorn Jelly Belly flavor & vanilla), or one of the fruits. My favorite flavor is the taro, and my favorite combination is:

Taro Snoh
Mochi
Boba
Aloe Vera Jelly
Condensed Milk

Aside from the snoh, I frequently get the different teas with boba added, and I'll occasionally get the milk teas. 

Checking Snoh out is absolutely necessary if you have a sweet tooth, or if you're looking to expand your dessert horizons. The staff has always been easygoing, and the owners are always great to have a quick conversation with, well, when the line isn't out the door.
I came here with some friends and I had just moved to Phoenix about three weeks ago from Orlando. That is where I was first introduced to shaved snow. The place differs in the things they offer but the idea is the same. Shaved ice that is flavored. I got the taro snow but if you get a small only one topping comes with it. The place in Orlando had unlimited toppings. The taro snow was good, sweeter than I'm used to and I added coconut flakes. I thought it was toasted flakes but it was just shredded coconut, fleshy and moist. Nonetheless it is a great dessert option. I may just bring a Baggie of toasted coconut to fulfill my craving. It just gives it some texture. 

My friends got the honeydew which they really kept saying how great it was. That is definitely the flavor I will try next. They also have boba too which I have yet to try. 

I like the ambiance of the store and they people in there were really friendly. They also have games like Jenga. So it's a fun place to just lounge with your friends.

They have a loyalty program so get one of those cards if you find yourself coming back for more!
This place is the best place ever!! Trying to get all our friends hooked! Tony and his staff are so friendly!! If you're going to share with your friends, best thing to do is to share a large snoh (you won't regret it)!! We got it to go once and it has a 20minute span so make sure to keep your car cold and your not going too far! They do an awesome job here! Will be coming back here a lot more knowing it's here!
After visiting a next door restaurant many times I was finally convinced to try Snoh. I don't know why I waited so long! This place is delicious yumminess.  
I got the Thai tea snoh because I love Thai tea and I was happy with my choice. I topped it with some gummy something that I can't remember the name but it wasnt boba and some condensed milk.  Sooooo delicious.  I really enjoyed the lightness of the snoh dessert and the Thai tea was not overly sweet.  If you enjoy a sweet variety their mango flavor would satisfy. Definitely check out this place for a refreshingly different end to any meal.
Although a bit overpriced, this place is quite good. I have been here several times now and have tried the green tea and thai tea flavors; the ice is very fluffy and light like snow. My favorite is green tea ice with red bean, almond pudding, and condensed milk. I try to stop by when I go to Cherry Blossom. I wish this place was closer to me!
Visited this place for the first time a few months ago. Very disappointed to say the least. My wife and kids didn't like it either. To add insult to injury, my snoh had a hair in it. When my wife took it back to the counter the employee told her "oh sorry".
This place truly is one of a kind! Great atmosphere with an artsy/pop culture feel! It's cheap price for amazing snoh. The people and environment is so awesome that I'm a regular!
Very innovative "ice cream".  They have great boba too!!  Love it.
Ice, Ice Baby! 

This tasty treat tantalizes your taste buds like none other could, and the fun games, gadgets and eye candy that adorns the walls makes for icing on one very sweet cake. 

Despite countless visits (sometimes even within the same day, shhhh) I never seem to tire of scraping my bowl down to the very last sliver. Even after returning from a very extended vacay in Asia (home of all things boba) this was one of my very first, very satisfying stops. 

Taro with condensed milk, mochi, and lychee is the go-to that I crave, but I dare you to discover a combination that disappoints. 

If and when you make an attempt to fulfill said dare, (why wouldn't you?) do be sure to place some $ into the super nifty super hero tip jar (preferably Ironman's). You gotta give kudos for creativity and the  customer service is always impeccable. Also, whomever is in charge of the music playlist is really on to something good.   

Pretty sure it's impossible to dislike this place, so just go. Eat, play, enjoy:)
Best BoBa ever, affordable,  hip atmosphere, great hang out lounge for friends, family get togethers. Love playing checkers with who ever i'm with  while sipping on my passion fruit iced tea boba! If I'm not in the mood for a drink they have snoh ice, better then ice cream or frozen yogurt! I would highly recommend it!
A taste of home! I am definitely California grown and needed my shaved SNOW.  It's not the same as shaved ice.. not big pieces but little snow pieces that melt in your mouth.  They had the best green tea snow I have ever had.  One of the workers told me they will have brick toast soon.  I warn you native Arizonans... brick toast is AMAZING! Will be back for more snow, brick toast, and boba tea
Loved it! First time trying something like this. As a newbie I went with Taro/condensed milk/almond cookie. It was delish! I honestly can't wait to try other toppings & flavors.
They have great flavors and I like the variety of toppings they offer. The Snoh is soft and melts in your mouth. The only thing I wish they would do with the condensed milk is layer in between the snoh. The top part is flavorful and good but midway through, it looses the flavor and doesn't taste as good.
my favorite dessert place! :) better than ice cream and froyo put together! and the staff is always really nice and friendly. definitely recommended
This place is awesome!  Snoh is delicious!   Interesting flavors and toppings. This spot is clean and hip. Owner is cool and helpful when you aren't sure what you want!  Definitely give this place a try!  Green tea with lychee jelly glazed with condensed milk - YUM!  Give it a try!  Definitely will be back!
My first time eating snow and I did get yellow snow, well it was more of a orange color. 

Snoh is a new take on the whole world of frozen deserts, It is very light and full of air. And there are flavors you may not always see like Thai iced tea and taro. There are toppings like one may see at a yogurt place, but there are a few unique ones like sesame. 

My real issues with the place are around price and wait time. I think the snoh is mad to order wich means the wait time and get long if they have more than say 3 customers. And the price at about $4 for a light airy ball with a topping I did not feel the value.

This place seems to be geared towards the manga animie loving crowd.
I haven't actually tried any of their Snoh desserts but everything looks delish!  I come here solely for a boba tea fix and they do not disappoint.  Their house blend milk tea hits the spot and their boba is cooked perfectly.  If they had a location in Old Town I'd be a daily regular for sure!
Everything is good. Everything. So refreshing!

My wife and I moved away from Phx just as Snoh was getting big, and wow do we miss it. We recently came back from Philadelphia and drove out to Phx from the East Valley just to eat at Snoh. It is truly better than any Snoh I had in Taiwan -- they know what they're doing! We would gladly fly back just to eat Snoh again. Keep up the good work guys.
Best ice treat in phoenix area I got the tora shaved ice and it was amazing I recommend 
It highly
When trying to figure out what I would write for this review, and how many stars to award it, I was at a loss for words.  Snoh is so unlike anything I have ever eaten before, that I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.  I am not a stranger to taro, green tea, mochi or anything, but I think I have concluded that they are just not flavors that appeal to me.  We brought my niece and nephew to Snoh because they are huge fans of frozen concoctions.  Never having been to Snoh before, we were a little lost looking at the menu.  I asked the employee what kids normally get there and he said original with Oreo and extra chocolate glaze.  I got the mango ice with mangoes and caramel glaze.  I didn't really want a glaze, but he acted like it was an essential part of the dessert.  I have to say that it would have tasted much better without the caramel glaze.  My sister in law got condensed milk on the top of hers and she couldn't even finish it.  If you want to get out of your comfort zone, this is a great place to do it.   I, however, will stick to good old fashioned ice cream.
My first review on anything, but I think that Snoh finally needs a review from me being that I come here at least 3-4 times a week. 
Clearly I have a major addiction. 

Let's see....
Pros: - Price. Staff. Food. Environment. Location. - 
The price is reasonable for what you get on your plate. The staff are all so wonderful and they actually make conversation with you and remember your face. And the snoh! Where do I start, it's just so... Amazing! I have several favorites, but my go-to would be the: 
Taro Snoh with Almond Cookies, Strawberries, and Condensed Milk. 
& I always leave with my Thai Tea milk tea with Boba. 
The environment is modern and clean. I enjoy coming here since they always have an interesting movie playing for their customers. 
Oh! And did I mention, they recently started doing BRICK TOAST. :)))
That's just another glory to this place, just make sure you have you friends to help you out with this one .

Cons: - Store hours. -
Honestly, I really don't have a con. If i really had to list something, it would only be store hours. But even that, it's not really a bother. Can't wait for summer so they can extend their hours again!
Ummmm this is the best stuff I have ever tried. I get the taro snoh with almond pudding and condensed milk. Just for the record, I'm russian and had no idea what taro and almond pudding were until I randomly tried it here. The combination is heavenly. Oh, and get the stamp card because you will be back for more, trust me.
Taiwanese ice babyyy. Everything on point.  Love the decor and the atmosphere here.

Hmmm so I've been here multiple times. They always tend to mess up my order. Lolz, BUTTT they fix it right away, very apologetic and yet accommodating. Overall, great customer service. The owner and his mom is very friendly. She speaks Vietnamese to me all the time. Super cute lady.

I always get the Thai tea boba, and of course the taro shaved ice.. yummmmmm go get your shaved ice now.
Loved the taro sno with almond cookies, almond pudding and condensed milk! Very cool place, would like to go back and try the brick toast next time. We were there on a Friday night and lots of folks hanging out, playing games, very nice place to relax with a sweet treat!
Snoh is my absolute favorite place to go for dessert. It's a little out of the way from where  I live, but I will always happily make the trip  for a Taiwanese ice fix. Now that I think about it, it's kind of an addiction. Snoh is a nice combination between shaved ice and ice cream. It's not too heavy on the stomach so it doesn't leave you feeling sick if you eat so much. 

 I always get Taro snoh with almond pudding(lots of it) and maybe lychee jelly. No glaze for me! I personally think the glaze takes away from the lovely light flavor of the dessert. My second favorite snoh flavor is honey dew it has a lot of flavor. What is also nice about this place is even though it is a small establishment and it can get quite busy at times is the staff is always very friendly. 

All in all, great service, great desserts with great flavor. I absolutely can't wait for Phoenix to warm up so I can have my snoh and not shiver while I savor every bite.
This place is a bit baffling. I have been twice so far, one time was not good at all and the next time was excellent! I think I may have ordered the wrong thing on my first go (and that's why I gave it a second go and held off on reviewing). The first time I got the mango tango (or soemthing like that)...which was mango snoh with mango 'pudding,' mango jelly or something and some kind of caramel sauce I think.... it was really weird. Kind of tasted chemically....I think it was the sauce or the pudding (which was more like congealed substance than pudding). I left very sad. Anyway, the next time I went, I got thai tea snoh with nutella sauce and almond cookie...this was so ridiculously good. The Thai tea snoh had a great flavor...really captured the essence of the tea...the cookie gave it a good crunch and the sauce was nutella so it is pretty much required to be delicious. I will definitely be back again and recommend it....just order wisely my friends.
Love it! The only place that I have found in AZ that serves shaved snow! Was totally missing LA and the many shaved snow places there. Me and my friends were REALLY excited to find that it lived up to our standards. We went last weekend and it was about the 4th time we've been there AND they had brick toast NEW on their menu. It was pretty good, except I thought the almond cookie was a little weird on it, but overall it was a great taste of home. I got the taro shaved snow with condensed milk and black sesame sauce. AMAZING if you like taro and black sesame.
Loved this place. I ordered the Taro with condensed milk and fresh strawberries. It was too die for. Definitely want to come back to try everything at least once on their menu. The decoration inside was nice. Lots of artwork, big screen TV's featuring some sort of Asian movie, local business cards. I met the owner as he was taking orders & he was kind and friendly. The atmosphere is more hipsterish than I what I like, but the shaved ice here is so delicious that it definitely doesn't even matter. Highly recommend this place to everyone.
I've been here multiple times and have been impressed each time. The number of ice flavors and toppings seems to keep expanding.
I was introduced to Snoh by a coworker and have been back numerous times since. There was even a time where I went two weekends in a row. I don't even live close to Snoh but I'll make the trip out there any day.

No, Snoh is not a snow cone place. The best way to describe the texture is to compare it to fresh fluffy snow... or if you've ever ice skated before and used to make a pile of snow with your blades, it's a lot like that. The flavor is mixed in to the ice and isn't a syrup that they put on top. It's super light and refreshing. It's a great treat to have in the day to cool down or perfect for dessert after a meal.

I've tried their taro, strawberry, mango, honeydew, red velvet, and black sesame flavors. My favorites are mango and red velvet. With the mango (my usual go-to), I usually get lychee jelly and light condensed milk on it. The red velvet was a seasonal flavor but also one of my favorites. It was so good with the chocolate sauce. I wish they'd bring it back!

I've also tried their lychee bubble tea with lychee jelly in it. I haven't found a place in the Valley with good bubble tea until Snoh opened. It's so hard to decide whether or not I want Snoh or their bubble tea when I go in though.

If you go frequently, ask for their punch card!
Great place to have dessert after a heavy meal. My friend and I come here quite a bit and each time we leave happy and smiling. We always get the thai tea, it's the perfect balance of robust tea and sweet cream without being so sweet that you're thirsty for water. 
The decor is very modern, with art work all over the wall mixed in with two hd TVs, the place itself has great lighting and isn't dark at all, gives it that perfect weather hangout atmosphere and the best part is that everyone is welcomed here from kids to adults and hippies to hipsters LOL. 
New favorite flavor is the the regular cream milk tea accompanied by the red velvet(limited time flavor) with strawberries all over, perfect for valentines. Check the photo :)
Hmm,  this is definitely not for me.  This dessert is a little bland for an americanized taste.  I guess I have lived here too long and I crave a lot more sweetness.  I agree with Evan, the price and wait is a little much, not worth my time or money.  The desserts look really pretty and that is why I bumped it up a notch, but I will not be coming back.  After eating the top part that had condensed milk and the strawberries, I pretty much left the rest.  I am sure they are not going to miss me anyways.
I love this place. After eating at cherry blossom we walked over to get a dessert. I love their taro milk tea boba. And also their green tea Snoh w mocchi, peach and caramel. It has less calories but not minus the flavor. The concept is very unique and I love this place
Was not at all what I expected, but in a good way for sure. Super light and almost fluffy, if you can say that about shaved ice. Got the taro with almond cookie and black sesame glaze. Very good and a cool vibe in this tiny little joint that was packed on a Saturday evening.
I'm hooked! 

I searched far and wide for a Boba tea joint in the valley. This seems to be the only one and it isn't a bad thing. The boba is fresh and flavorful and the Thai tea is delicious!

The "snoh"  is a very unique cold dessert. It is light like cotton candy, but creamer than shaved ice. It's a perfect fit for somebody who is trying to find a new way to relieve themselves from the brutal Arizona summer. 

I recommend trying out the combinations that they have on the rolling display first to find your taste and go from there. 

You can't go wrong with anything at his place. Some of the ingredients sound foreign but I haven't had something yet that tastes bad. Find your flavor baseline and you will never go back. I am done with froyo, Hawaiian ice and Gelato as long as I stay within driving distance from my new found frozen obsession, Snoh.
Really love this place compared to Snowmonster in California.. But this is the only snow place in AZ I know so.... -shrugs-
This place could be better with some other snack foods like wings or nachos or something. I have salt cravings too y'know!
Last weekend I just happened to be in this part of town and after hearing many of my Yelp friends rave about Snoh, I had to give it a try. It was totally not what I expected. I've had snow cones and raspados many times so I thought I knew what to expect from a shaved ice dessert but man I was way off. It was so light and fluffy it is hard to describe it. I think Karen W. said it best when she compared it to frozen cotton candy. Not the taste mind you, just the texture and consistency. I ordered the Thai Tea and the snow by itself was very mild in flavor. But then they let you add all kinds of toppings so I got crushed almond cookies and boba with caramel syrup. They keep everything separate in the bowl rather than mixing it like Cold Stone ice cream because that would ruin the light and fluffy snoh. So, I really liked it that the cookies didn't get soggy and the boba didn't freeze. Each spoonful I tried to get a little bit of each element and I have to say that is a pretty good flavor combination I came up with on my first attempt. It was delicious! The place is small but cute and all the staff seemed friendly. Definitely worth a try if you haven't been before.
Went here and was so impressed. Song has some legit ice and flavors!  I got the taro with strawberry toppings and condensed milk.  The employees are super friendly and welcoming!  Go check them out and enjoy a nice snoh on a Hot day
I used to think snow wasn't as good as boba, then I visited Snoh during the Matsuri festival. 

Mango boba snow with condensed milk was almost airy in texture and was something I've never had before - price is a bit steep but highly recommended if your looking for something then your boba fix
Holy balls this place was good.  I got the Thai tea flavor with boba, shaved coconut, condensed milk and black sesame seeds.  It was decadent, creamy,fluffy and not too sweet.  I can't wait to come back.
I Grouponed here and tried snow for the first time, it was pretty good, but it was really "airy". The guy working there wasn't the friendliest either, I asked if he could give me a second since it was my first time (and made sure there were no customers behind me) and he was kinda irritated..but I got my stuff and left. I've tried the Strawberry, Green Tea, Mango, and Taro flavors. For $7, you get a huge tub with two toppings and one glaze. My favorite is the Green Tea, cause I'm obsessed with green tea anything. Then this week I was craving green tea and tried Tea, Snow, and Coffee in Tempe closer to where I moved to and it was soo much better. There, it was creamier and less filled with air, but still very light at the same time. The people who work there are always friendly as well:)
Hooray Asian ice cream is making its way from Asia to California and New York, and finally to Arizona! This sweet concoction was one of my favorite treats during my childhood summers living on the West Coast. I ate this airy, refreshingly light ice cream as a kid and it has been years since I have had it again. How could my sweet tooth forget about this delicious treat? I suppose growing up in the Midwest where I pretty much knew it would be forever until it arrived, I suppressed my dreams of eating it again.

Thank goodness a fellow Phoenix Yelper, Andreina R. for discovering this wonderful, cheery place shaved ice meets ice cream joint (Baobing) and introducing it to me! Love the mild sweetness of the milk cream. Oftentimes, I find American ice cream on the overwhelmingly sweet side, so I was very satisfied with the perfect (in my opinion) balance of sweetness and flavor with the ice cream at Snoh Ice Shavery. Add on almond cookies, mochi, sweet red beans, and black sesame syrup and I was in ice cream heaven! 

I agree with a fellow Yelper that there can be a wait if there are more than three people in line. I wanted extra toppings (i.e. mango and lychee), but I gave up after waiting for five minutes for the two people in front of me and convinced myself my teeth didn't need the extras anyways! The staff was very friendly though and I will definitely be back the next time I am in Phoenix to eat more Snoh and try the variety of milk and ice teas!
Wow wow wow. What an amazing treat! I haven't had anything like this before. The guy at the register was super helpful when I told him it was my first time. Basically you pick a nice flavor. Then you pick a topping like fresh fruit or something a little more sinful. After that you pick a topping they drizzle on top. The small is the perfect size for one person after dinner. I want to try everything!
So its the second time I have been here, and I shouldn't have waited for this review. From the moment I took my first bite I was obsessed. Even after my boyfriend and I left we discussed how great it was. For weeks since our last visit we mentioned how we should get snoh. We are pretty much replacing the words "ice cream" and "froyo"with snoh. The thought of all desserts have been replaced with the thought of our next snob fix. 

Purple Fusion is delicious! Taro snoh with almond cookie crumbs, almond pudding, and condensed milk drizzle. The girl told us to add black sesame drizzle which is also bomb.I look forward to our next trip in, and to trying more flavors. That may not before a while though since we are so satisfied with our purple fusion. 

STOP READING THIS IS GO GET YOU SOME!
DIY fro-yo is so 2009.

Enter the west coast's newest frozen novelty: Snoh! Based off the Taiwanese shaved ice treat, baobing, Snoh has it all... A light, fluffy, customizable frozen dessert without those icky "live and active cultures," now with the added appeal of Asian persuasion in flavors like green tea, Thai tea, black sesame, and mango.

Don't worry, there's still plenty of opportunity for terrible combinations of toppings and cups that not only permit, but encourage, spillover onto the table. It's everything you loved about froyo, only the texture is like thick locks of ice cream hair. 

Snoh? More like Syes.
It's just ok.  Pricey.  I've had better.
stopped in cause i love Shave Ice but it's hard to find good stuff here.  the place is a decent size and very clean inside.  I ordered the Original with mangos and Milk Glaze.  i bought the Small cause it seemed really big (and it was really big) but it was so amazing that i wished i got the large.  the guy working the counter was friends and helpful and i can't wait to go back and try some other flavors!

People just need to be aware, this is NOT a snow cone place, if you are looking to get one of those you need to keep looking!
WOWZA!! Try this place ASAP! Too good to pass up, especially on those hot summer days. I love the Thai Chew, the tastes are amazing! I have yet to some back and try making my own creation..but surely will when I'm back on this side..
Very clean and hip place! We have been looking for a place like this similar to back home in Hawaii.  Found it randomly when doing a search.  It's kicking up the usual shave ice bowl to another level.  Prices are reasonable just like a yogurt joint.  Kid friendly because they have toys to play with lol.  Staff are very friendly too!
I don't make a habit of giving businesses 5-stars if they don't deserve it.

However, in this case, Snoh Ice Shavery deserves every star.

I have made it a tradition of visiting this business every Friday to start the weekend off with a bang.

It is the opposite direction of my house and I usually get stuck in traffic, but it's worth the trouble.

I have been here 3-4 times now and have ordered something different every time.  All of it was good.

I don't know what I'm ordering half the time, but I am always pleasantly surprised by the flavors and quality of ingredients.

Dang it.  I wish I didn't reside in the West Valley.  Just writing this review is making me hungry for more.
Service could have been better.. I walked in and was the only customer there along with my friend... Nobody helped us for 20 mins and when i asked a few questions they gave short meaningless answers
Not going back at all
I was never much into shaved ice, but this place...let's just say I am addicted. I can't get enough. 

The ambiance is great with a hip decore and nice art.  It has great location. The service is super good and fast. 

I mostly order mango flavor with nutella. They have great selection of topings to choose from. Many different combos and trust me, you can not go wrong. 

I am looking forward to my next visit....
Friday night, homework all completed, quarter tank left, where does this young college student go too?! SNOH!!! Yup, no parties but this ever-so delightful gem in Phoenix. The shaved ice is phenomenal, not to sweet, but enough to hit the right palette. Customer can get a choice of ice, toppings, and sweetener- I chose the condensed milk. Yummm... Anyways, great place to socialize with friends while at the same time trying there delectable treats. Great find! 
PS: I drove 20 miles from Mesa on a Friday night to get here. That should say it at all!!
Ohhhhh man.....great place to get shaved ice....I had me a Mango Tango and it was the BOMB!!! Gonna try the other items cuz they looked yummy!!!....cant wait to go back.
It's nice to have places like this in the valley but wasn't as good as I expected. They were out of few toppings I wanted and the flavor was very bland.
My first thought when I walked into this place, it felt very much like home. There were earthy tones, art canvases for sale by local artists, soulful tunes out the speakers, and a friendly staff. 

I ordered a regular sized cup with Taro, almond cookie, almonds, mochi balls, and condensed milk glaze smothered on top. 

At first glance it was like no other dessert I've tried before. The layers truly looked shaved, like plowed snow from the edges of my snowboard. 

As for the tasting experience, it was fluffy, as if you were to somehow turn your cotton candy into a frozen dish. It wasn't quite creamy like that of ColdStone, Thrifty, Dairy Queen, or Sonic, but I actually liked that. Meaning, I thought I ate a lot, by the look of the quantity, but I never felt full, or felt like I had a stomach ache, or had that "Dang it! I shouldn't have ate that!" feeling. Lol. No nonsense here. I have nothing but good applause for this new dessert in town. Absolutely delicious. I've tried just about every combination of Snoh, and their drinks as well. 

I also have trouble saying no to the Thai tea with Boba at the bottom. That's my favorite drink! The orange colored one! It's deliciously addictive! 

Almost forgot to mention, I really enjoyed the green tea with red bean, and black sesame.
Love the shaved ice!! Is was the best I ever had! I wish that we have this in LA where I live! This was an an icestastic place!!!
Delicious! The shave ice+ toppings combo is amazing. A great selection of flavors, toppings and glazes. We tried strawberry with mochi balls, mango pudding and condensed milk. I love that the shave ice isnt overly sweet.
Fun interior, clean, friendly service...
Will return to try more flavors and the bubble tea!
This is the most amazing dessert place in Phoenix. They have the best snow in all of Arizona! 

The mix of ice cream and shaved ice is to die for. The flavors that they carry, along with the toppings and drizzle flavors are all so good.

If you come here you won't regret it, it's much better than any Coldstone or Dairy Queen.

Just be open minded and give Snoh a try !!
Oh so in love with this place! Boba taro tea (vegan)! Shaved ice is a healthy and delicious alternative to ice cream. And with all the Asian toppings available, it's a perfect place for kids and adults to try something new like mochi balls!

Clean and service is fast and friendly. We like the assortment of games that you can play there with the kids or your date. Especially like the fighting robots!!! Fun!
Delicious! Don't miss out! The shaved ice was very light and fluffy. It tasted like heaven! Haha I usually get the Thai tea shaved ice with boba and condensed milk for the toppings.

Get there early because the downfall is that the place is small. On busy days you won't be able to find a place to sit. I wanted to order brick toast for the first time, however, the place was so packed there wasn't anywhere to sit. They don't allow "to go" orders for the brick toasts so I had to cancel.
I saw all the great reviews for this place so decided to give it a try! I've had something like this in LA, so was super excited when I saw that they have something similar in AZ!

My boyfriend and I headed over after dinner, and there was no line when we got there. I saw all these amazing flavors, and wanted to try the Mango and Taro. Since we just finished dinner, I asked if I can get two flavors in the small cup. She said no, but said I could if I picked the regular size cup. 

So we decided, alright, we don't drive 30 minutes over to this side of the town often, so let's get a regular size cup and try two different flavors! As we told the girl our order, the guy making the Snoh jumped in and said "We can't do that." The girl said, "I thought you can have two flavors if you get the regular size. I already told them that they can get two flavors with the regular cup." The guy says, "No, they can't do that. They can order a large cup and get 2 flavors."

First of all...WHAT?! WHAT?! How hard is it to shave two different flavors of ice into one cup? I'm sorry, but that service is ridiculous. Second of all, if the girl that works there told us so, she should honor it to us this one time. Third of all, another guy that "works" there helped make our small, one flavored Snoh...was sitting on the only couch available when we got there, and went back to sit on the couch with a girl after making our Snoh. If you work there...I don't care if you're a worker or the owner of the store...you don't sit on the couch and play with your phone. 

So aside from the terrible service, the Snoh was very good! Ordered mango Snoh with red beans and condensed milk. We were full but we were able to finish that baby up!

Would I go back? Probably not. Unless I'm by that area and am seriously CRAVING it. I rather spend my money for great dessert and great service.
Coming from LA, I eat shaved snow a lot. SNOH kept it real and their flavors were great! We ordered every flavor and I have to say I really like the Green Tea. Definitely get boba and egg pudding with the green tea, it tastes amazing! 

I docked off a star because the mochi was a little too hard for my taste.
I enjoyed the Pomegranate Iced Tea with Lychee Jelly. Also they have good Wifi and customer service. I recommend it. The loyalty program really pays off.
BIG fan!! A friend of mine and I were walking by and thought we'd drop in and I must say I'm so glad we did! The place is charming, the staff was wonderful, a very tasty treat and I will be back! I can't wait to try other flavor combos =)
This place ROCKS Hctor, lorenia, chris they are the BOMB!! Excellent customer service. The best dessert
I came here on Friday night with the husband and my littlest to get a post dinner treat.  First off, parking is a nightmare here on Friday nights with all of the surrounding eateries competing for the limited spaces.  I witnessed a near fist fight as some little buttwad driving a Fiat raced into a parking space that was about to be occupied by a middle aged father with his family in the car.  (The dad showed great restraint in not decking the young punk who cut him off.)  

Finally my husband found us a parking space in the rear and we walked around and went inside.  The store is small but super cute with very attractive artwork hanging from the walls (and offered for sale) and light alternative music playing overhead.  
We were newbies to this kind of treat so we each modestly chose a small sized, original flavor milk ice.  I had chopped strawberries and caramel glazed over the one I shared with my little, and my husband got one with sliced almonds and no glaze.  Our total was a modest $8 and the very friendly cashier offered me a punch card for future visits. 

We sat at an inside table to eat and we loved our treats; they were light and sweet but not too heavy or dense.  It really was shaved ice.  I'm intrigued at the different flavors like taro and green tea and the toppings like lychee fruit, rice pudding and mochi balls, and they also had a photo of something called a brick toast, which looked pretty tasty...I'll definitely be back here at another time to check out some of the other offerings and toppings.  

I'm glad I finally got over to this place to check it out!
I love this dessert a lot. Different texture than ice cream and gelato. It's fluffier and melts at the touch of the spoon. I've had the mango with real mango squares, green tea and the Thai chew. I didn't like the almond cookies bits on top since its on the dry side. Maybe if it was crushed even more and soaked in the snoh then it might have been better. The black sesame glaze is amazing!! The almond pudding (gelatin cubes) is a perfect pair for the Thai chew along with a bit of the mochi balls but not too much of it. 

There was one time that I went and the lady at the register said there was no boba and I said good because I don't want it. But then when I got my snoh I ended up getting boba and she charged me extra for it! What the _____!! The line was way too long to say something about it. No biggie for something like that - but come on!!
When I used to drive by this place I was always so skeptical about a entire business just selling shaved ice. Sounded so silly to me, already making judgement on what could possibly be in this place.

I eventually walked by it after dinner next door, and oh wow. So glad I did, the place is very casual and very relaxing hang out environment could definitely see the place being a neat spot to meet up with friends and talk. 

The shaved ice was totally unexpected. It was so so so good, never had a desert treat like that before ever. Definitely plan to go back and try some of their other options.

The shaved ice had the consistency of snow but how this place presents the treat is really cool. You customize how you want it first your flavor, toppings and then a glaze, which is unlike any shaved ice I've ever had, nom nom nom.
When I first walked in I was immediately taken by surprise,  it is so funky and as a cool feel. I love Los Angeles and I felt like I had walked right into LA. The shaved ice is unique and such a different type of sweet treat. Don't be scared of the funky flavors they are delicious and fun. The employees are great and really helpful if you are unsure on what to get. One of my favorite things to get while in LA is Boba and they have it at Snoh! I was so excited. Great place to hang out!! =)
Love it here! Great vibes awesome service!  my cousin loves the peach tea and I love the passion fruit tea w/boba. 
I recommend trying out this cool place! You won't regret it!
Never had anything like it. Very impressed with the different spin on shaved ice,  lots of variety,  swanky and new decoration.  Date night worthy. We'll definitely be back!
I really like this place. I always order whatever they recommend and it is delicious. 
They have interesting art, plenty of seating, and great service
Yay! Finally some shaved "snoh" in Arizona! I've been waiting for this concept to come here. Usually cravable food trends in LA eventually make their way here but damn shaved snow seemed to have taken its time to get here! What took you guys so long? I've been waiting for this for years! 

Anyway, I am so glad this place has opened, as you can see lol. My favorites are taro, thai tea or green tea with mochi balls & condensed milk.

I saw on my recent visit they now have brick toast! Didn't try it because I was so full from dinner and was already trying to find room in my belly for my Snoh... but next time, for sure.

Only con is that it's quite far from me so i dont get to come indulge as often as i like. How about an East Valley expansion, guys? :)
One of my favorite places to stop by during the hot and scorching summers of AZ. You can't go wrong with getting some snoh to help cool you down. They also have milk teas and ice teas to quench your thirst. Glad that they brought snoh into the desert so that I don't have to drive to Cali just to get some.
I visited Snoh for the first time today at the recommendation of a coworker. I have never had shaved ice like this before, so it was a really neat experience. The young girl working behind the counter did a good job explaining what everything was. The shaved ice really is the texture of snow. I had coconut milk shaved ice with Oreo topping and condensed milk glaze. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! I had a hard time choosing what flavor I wanted because so many of them sounded great.
Ive been here twice and both times they have run out of cups! It is very maddening. Please have more cups. I do have to say the shaved ice is really good but Im really just interested in the Boba.
Can't ever get enough! I have come here so many times. The atmosphere is hip and I love the art on the walls. Will I come back? Yes! I always order the taro with boba and condensed milk. I find it so hard to try other flavors! The brick toast is also really good. Super decadent and perfectly sweet. I'm so glad this place exists!
Anyone who doesn't like Asian shaved ice has no soul.  Literally, they must have no sense of adventure, whimsy and lightness.  After a huge heavy meal (usually Thai or Indian) I crave something sweet but I'm so full!  What to do? Snoh to the rescue. It is sweeter than ice cream, but manages the impossible!  It is light, melt in your mouth in seconds snoh.  Forget granitas, ices or snoh cones.  The texture of this is what I imagine unicorn tears to be.  You can customize with flavor of snoh, you pick your topping(s) and a glaze (extra sugar delivery mechanism).  If I were better at math I could tell you how many combinations you can make.  They have a van for parties, so you can bring it to the office should you like.  They have punch cards (which I've run turn embarrassingly quickly).  It is bright and fun, they have interesting art on the wall that changes.  They have board games to play should you decide to not focus on the snoh itself.  Oh and it has huge stacks of dessert toast.  Just order it and be happy.
So I'm not an ice cream person, nor do I really enjoy shaved ice, so of course I'm a bit biased. The milk cream was the only flavor I really could imagine what it would taste like (the equivalent of vanilla) and added to it, some Nutella, coconut and almonds. I barely tasted the Nutella...but I guess it was ok for what it was. The texture was a bit bothersome for me, kind of hard to eat...I think if you're into ice cream and boba...This will be right up your alley. If not, good luck deciphering the menu!
I love this place! It's right in front of my best friend's apartment. I love how they're expanding their menu but i still need to try the brick toast. Anyway, i love their taro and black sesame shaved ice top with condensed milk and boba and red bean. Mmmm The best shaved ice ever!
Frequented Snoh since they opened for their teas and boba, and was always pretty bummed that they didn't have a dairy free option for me to try. 

BUT NOW THEY DO!!

The coconut milk snoh is amazing. Creamy and light all at once (its magical!), with a whole bunch of toppings and glaze options. 

Their teas are super yummy and I love that they actually carry boba! My husband is obsessed with the taro milk tea. 

Their loyalty/stamp card is one of the few that I always remember to bring in my wallet. Yay for free snoh!

Only a few bummers to be aware of-

They always seem to be out of at least one flavor whenever I go in. 

Parking sucks. They share a lot with several other businesses/restaurants that is barely big enough for them alone. Not their fault, but something to remember. Carpool. 

Can't tip on a card =(
Every time I'm on that side of town, I ALWAYS go to snoh! Staff is friendly and it's a really nice place to hang out. I usually see a lot of families in there. Also the desserts are flippin awesome.
I don't even know where to start. I thought I was an expert on shaved ice places, but man, was I ever wrong. Bahama Bucks has always been my favorite place, but this takes it to a new level.

First off, the ambience. You walk in and everything is crisp and clean. Definitely a modern feel, with a bit of comic book/gamer twist. You have art for sale on the walls next to posters of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. 

You choice from 3 different sizes, 9 different flavors, 18 different toppings, and 5 different glazes on top. If you have any questions, make sure to ask the staff as they were quite helpful! I know other reviewers have commented on the service being shotty, but maybe they hired new people as everyone there was super nice and accommodating. 

I didn't really know what to expect when I got my order. I made sure to get a little piece of everything in my first spoonful. Let me tell you, you have never tasted anything like it. The consistency was super smooth, and the flavors just jump out of the bowl. It was the best dessert I have ever had in my life. ever. bar none.

I did get a chance to try their Thai Iced Tea with Boba. It was really good. Nothing super special, but a good complement to the entry. They have a good choice of milk teas and smoothies as well.

Do not forget to bring your loyalty stamp card as you will be back!

I had gone to Cherry Blossom a few dozen times, and was always to full to try Snoh. Now, I will be sure to always save some room!
The shaved ice was awesome. I got a simple mango ice topped with fresh strawberries; it was light, soft, and I wish I would have gotten a larger size! 

I guess I am the only person in town that doesn't like the taste of boba... Or Thai tea. But that is more of a personal preference than a complaint.

Now.. My 2 stars comes from the HORRIBLE service. Service is everything to me and I probably won't go back here. We came on Wednesday at about 330. There was no one in line except for us. This was my first time so I was reading the menu, looking at the flavors, etc... Instead of offering personal suggestions or asking if I had questions, he VERY impatiently tapped his fingers and asked, "are you ready yet?" 

So yeah, the Snoh was awesome, the service.... Not so much!
Loveeee this place, awesome decor and dessert! Always comin back for more and always w the best service n friendliest staff who are great to me and my Freddy haha!!
Accurately charged for my snoh orders this time around from the guy at the cash register. Friendly. Enjoyed a cool  treat for the summer time heat! Will be back again.
Such a sweet treat on a hot summer day! I love the snoh here! I'm a fan of the taro, green tea, and black sesame with mochi, almond jello, and condensed milk. Any of these choices in any combination. The presentation makes it that much more tasty!
Thai iced tea with condensed milk and boba. Perfection. I love the flaky soft texture of the snoh ice. I want to make sticky snow angels in a vat of it. Be bold. Get red bean or taro. Avoid the boring strawberry.
A new favorite in Phoenix! Was craving for Boba and stopped in. The menu is just the right size. Not too many selections to confuse, but enough to satisfy. Had the passion fruit and lychees Boba with half the sugar. Made just right at a great price!  What a great find in Phoenix. Going to try the shaved ice next.
Took my daughter here on Saturday. Cute little shop lots of seating and great artwork! I had the milk snoh with boba, moochi, and condensed milk. Loved it, can't wait to return.
Love it!!! First tasted it at the Matsuri festival and was blown away. I haven't strayed to much from from my original selection although I swear every time I go I will try something new the taro flavor always gets to me. I love the taro with condensed milk and mochi.
The last time I came here I gave them two stars, and you can read why below... but I gave them another chance.

The service was (way) better than the last time I came and the Snoh was just as awesome, if not better. Not sure if I will be a regular but I will definitely stop by to take some Snoh to-go when I am in the neighborhood! :)
Diverse Selection of Reasonably Priced Scoops, International Hot Dog selection, Shave Ice & RO Water.

The owner has taken the neighborhood pulse, got the cultural mix right, and should succeed where others have not.  

If you are one of the many led to believe tap water is toxic stew, your carbon filter can't get the summer swamp taste out of your H2O, or you've got W.C. Fields' water reference, this is a great, inexpensive place for water.  And you know, ice cream always seems to make me thirsty....

Personally, I'm a toxic stew fan.
Great customer service. 24 different flavors of Thrifty ice cream to choose from choice of waffle or plain cones yum! Clean water source and clean kept areas. EXCELLENT STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS!!!!!
Same owner from when he worked at 19th Ave and Indian School. Water is super fresh and the many flavors of ice cream are mouth watering!
Great price for a hot dog, too :)
Once you become a regular,  the owner will remember your face and, if you have the time, sit down and chat with you. 
Love this place! 10/ 10
Great ice cream! Came to have their special. I will stop more often since they have a good variety of flavors.
My husband I are love this place! Great milkshakes! Prices are wonderful. Water is convenient especially if you're filling up a bunch of water jugs. We come here regularly and the owner is sooo nice.