The smell, the vibe and feel as soon as I opened my car door was apparent. This is very Asian for the likes of pretty much every street corner in parts of LA. I only wish we had a more concentrated ethnic specific area beyond south Phoenix like LA.. or any other city for that matter. Hell, look at the Asian part of town in Vegas, its awesome!
First off, this is not a china town as some keep trying to say and then act as if it were substandard. It is the Chinese Culture Center , big difference. And for what it is I enjoy stopping and checking out the various shops and restaurants along with the great grocery. As a whole I enjoy this place. This place that is not China Town.
It's unique and it's in Phoenix, for that alone it gets 5 stars.  This is a fun place to kill a couple of hours with out of town visitors or on a date.  Stroll through the gardens. Wander through the grocery store, (yes it stinks but it's part of the ambiance) and look a all the strange and gross foods. Try one of the restaurants, but not Quizno's that doesn't count.  Check out the curio shops for some odd trinket to take home with you.
My husband was born and raised as a British Expat in Hong Kong and loves the Chinese Cultural Center for its authenticity. There are some great, inexpensive and authentic restaurants there serving a wide variety of Chinese foods. There is a place called the Seafood Buffet on the west end of the plaza and the food there is fantastic and lunch during the week is around $7. Golden Buddha (next to the amazing wedding shop) has an inexpensive lunch menu and I've heard the Dim Sum is incredible. 

The grocery store in that plaza has tons of authentic Asian foods that you won't be able to find anywhere else. Just the smell of the different foods and spices takes me back to my last trip to Hong Kong and really adds to the experience. I don't know what half the stuff there is, but if you wander through the candy aisle you should pick up a few random pieces and just try something different. 

The Center has a festival around the Chinese New Year  where they have street vendors selling all kinds of goodies including a huge selection of decorative Koi fish and various cultural performances. It's really a unique place, especially here in Phoenix, and is worth an afternoon visit if you're looking for something different.
The Chinese Cultural Center was a great distraction from a busy Phoenix day.  There was plenty of parking and getting there is easy off the 202. The center has several shops that sell furniture and accessories, herbs, apparel, etc. There are several places to eat.  We ate at the Golden Buddha - very beautiful inside with an aquarium and attractive seating area. Good food, but be ready to deal with ordering some stuff you may not understand at first. After lunch we went to the food market.  Really cool to walk around and see all the different stuff.  You definitely won't see these ingredients down at the local super market.  You are guaranteed to have a good time looking around. Have fun!
While I'm no expert on Chinese culture, I do enjoy the cuisine. The Cofco Center is an interesting place to visit, and there is no shortage of new dishes to try at the various restaurants. The Lao Ching Hing restaurant was very good, and not difficult to get in and out of during a lunch hour. 

The Asian Seafood Buffet used to be one of the places my coworkers and I would go when we were really short on time. The food was all right, and there was a decent sushi bar in the middle. However, during our last visit we came back to our table and found a roach waiting for us. Inexpensive or not, cleanliness is a big deal.
This place is essentially a strip mall, but offers more than the usual strip mall options. The biggest attraction is its architecture, as its designed with  traditional Chinese architecture. The top floors hold office space, the bottom retail and restaurant space. Facing 44th Street is a beautiful garden. There's a large goldfish pond on the south side,with small bridges and walkways over and around it. There are numerous statues and pagodas along the south and east side of the building. It's a beautiful and relaxing addition to the city. There is a large store that sells Asian goods, namely furniture and decorative items. The owners are very nice and friendly. There is also a bridal gown shop and Asian video store next to it. Ranch Market owns a large grocery store that sells Asian foods, though in my opinion LeeLee Market in Chandler has a better selection. There are several restaurants and a coffee shop as well. The Golden Buddha is excellent and the wait staff moves fast. During the day, you can order dim sum from carts the wait staff pushes around the dining floor. The food is excellent and you may be able to get a seat overlooking the aforementioned goldfish pond. It's definitely worth a trip.
Honestly I go here rarely.  My recent visit was to watch my godson while his parents were doing family picture photo shoot in the Chinese gardens and pond areas.  You can walk the whole cultural center and its gardens in 10 minutes, so there isn't alot of sightseeing here.  But to get a little glimpse of some replica gardens and seating structures from China, where else to go?  So 4 stars for the somewhat idyllic gardens in back behind the shopping plaza, cuz there isn't any other place in the valley like it.
COFCO Chinese Cultural Center is located in Phoenix, Arizona; it is downtown and fairly easy to locate. There are several different stores and restaurants located within the center that anyone may go and explore when they want to. On my first journey here I parked outside of the supermarket called Ranch Market. On the outside and on the inside it looks like a typical grocery store that you would find in Arizona, such as a Safeway of Fry's; the only main difference is the produce and items that they sell. Each aisle is stocked with unique foods, candies, drinks... Their fresh produce section, along with their "deli" section was the most interesting thing to me personally.  You can find crazy colored and shaped produce that you typically would never see at a Safeway. The "deli" section was filled with baby octopus to fresh fish. Ranch Market offers many Chinese cultural foods. The only main down side is that it smelled strongly of seafood, because of their foods they offer in the market. 

Visiting the market, my friend and I walked around the rest of the center. We found the Chinese Cultural Botanical Garden. This was my favorite part of the whole center, because it is a beautiful garden set up around a large pond filled with lily pads, fountains, statues, and koi fish. Around the pond you could walk along a path that had interesting marble statues that you could read, observe, and touch if you wanted to. The statues had plaques in English and Chinese that you could read, in order to learn the history of what it is that you were looking at. The Botanical Garden is nicely set up as a little journey pathway. The architecture is extremely interesting and vibrant. I did not think that there was a single down side but I would suggest that you go the the botanical garden when it is nice and cool outside. Because it is all outside, you would not want to be walking around trying to enjoy it in 100 degree weather. 

Lastly my friend and I decided to walk into a small shop called The Oriental Factory Direct. This was a shop filled to the brim with Chinese cultural artifacts, clothing, weapons, pieces of art, jewelery, stationary... You could find almost anything in this shop. The atmosphere was extremely welcoming and calming. My favorite part of this shop was looking around at everything they offered for me to buy. The shop keeper was also tremendously friendly; she was eager to answer any of our questions and teach us anything we wanted to learn about. I loved the atmosphere and the people here.

I gave the COFCO Chinese Cultural Center  a good rating, because I completely enjoyed the new experience. It can be a good drive for some people, but if you live near it, it is extremely convenient. The only thing I would have done differently was given myself more time to enjoy the other restaurants and shops. And i definitely would have gone when it was cooler outside. This center is very unique, beautiful, and fun.
I love visiting the Chinese Cultural Center. There's a really cool replica garden and quite a few restaurants. I'm always drawn to the Ranch Market full of Asian goodies. This market reminds me of the stores I used to frequent in Seattle/Tacoma. I haven't actually eaten at any of the restaurants there yet, but it's coming. What a great place to go check out something different and check out some new foods in the market.
This is my neighborhood stop and as close to what you get for a "china town" here in PHX.

The Ranch Market is my grocery store and the Golden Buddha is the watering hole I am closest to and its been fun to be exposed to something "different" in the neighborhood. Yeah it's a strip mall with a coy pond and garden to those in other more metropolitan back ground or source, but it's what we got! ( I knocked off that last star for a reality check).  Within the center their are doctors offices, apartments and travel agencies that specialize in travel to Asia. Our stops signs are in Chinese too to paint a picture. All nationalities get their fresh fish at the market and you have to try the bakery for arguably the best chau siu bao hands down.

A definite place to go for lunch if you are here.
Walking through the gardens is the best attraction to walk off the dum sum. Its ponds and series of bridges and temple type architecture will make you feel less like you are under the flight path of PHX and more like you are on a different latitude and longitude if even for a second... 

Adjacent to the airport it represents a grain of cultural sand in a desert of fast food restaurants and Circle K's that is most of phoenix.
Short walking distance from the 44th ST Light rail station where one could possible stumble to while on a light rail jaunt Tempe / PHX bound.  Also next to main airport destination and hotels including a "W" and parking to the airport.

It's a pretty industrialized neighborhood outside but it contains some of the best Chinese restaurants in the valley as well Chinese medicine shop and other various shops hardly found anywhere else in AZ.
They have a 99 Ranch supermarket that stocks all the awesome asian necessities like tendon, tripe and chicken feet. However,the area is almost barren with hardly any businesses. They should really step this place up do some development and market this area. They have plenty of parking which is non-existant back home in Honolulu.
5 stars for the fact that Phoenix even has a Chinese Cultural Center area.  The only place I've been to in it is the grocery store but one day, I plan to check-out the lil gardens and restaurants.  Can't wait until they get more in there! (Don't go expecting a big Chinatown-like scene.)

The take-out from inside the grocery store is pretty tasty, inexpensive and fast!

See ya there!
The Ranch Market is the ONLY place I have been able to find that has had my miniature money tree!! I have looked all over the Untied States since my last one died with no luck until today. Needless to say I was absolutely thrilled beyond belief!!! I must also give them credit for promptly returning my lost LV wallet! THANK YOU for being honest!!! =)

The import store over next to the Golden Buddha has a great selection of different Chinese figurines, Buddhas, furniture, bamboo, fountains, miniature tea sets, Hung Bao, etc... Always a joy to go in there and browse around. Last time I walked out of there $200 poorer!! hehehe 

Check it out. It's a small complex but lots of browsing fun. Enjoy.
Really fun place to go on your lunch break.  They have plenty of dining options (some better than others), great stuff in the Ranch Market, and beautiful grounds with a koi pond and replicas of Chinese sculptures.
I realize I'm from Houston, and I've been to San Francisco's Chinatown, but wow, this is a pretty dismal place. The cultural center is beautiful, but unfortunately, there was one grocery store, 3 restaurants, and 2 knick-knack stores (at very high prices) open. The rest of the cultural center was empty and advertising for rent space. After you eat lunch, you can cover the entire cultural center in about 5-10 minutes.

However, I think the greatest disappointment was that 2 days before Chinese New Year, the cultural center was not decorated. Furthermore, the grocery or knick knack stores had very little decorations to buy and bring home. What a disappointment, especially for the biggest holiday of the year!
Not China Town, but more like China Oasis

This is the closest thing to a China Town in Phoenix.  There is not comparison to the ones in LA or NY, but there is a lot of character present.  I usually come here for Dim Sum at Golden Buddha and go to the L Ranch Supermarket, but it is small and quaint, but does give a fun representation of the Zen Chinese in the Koi Fish Pond and garden.  Don't expect LA or NY China Town, but not bad for the desert. 

If you find this useful, funny or cool, please check below.
If you go here expecting to find a "China Town" you will be disappointed.  However, this place does not market it's self as a Chinatown. It is a cultural center which holds special events and displays as related to the Chinese culture. What a great place to relax in the garden. Also has some wonderful restaurants, shops a business center and a Chinese grocery store there.
I like that there are a few restaurants in this center. And one in the Market too, which a while ago changed ownership to the store (vs. 3rd party vendor). The food choices got slim, and were less fresh, but they seem to have that all fixed as of recently.  So I am going there almost weekly again.
For Phoenix, this is pretty great. In all honesty it is only slightly worse than DC chinatown so we should be pretty proud. (DC just dubs over chains with chinese writing). I agree, not at all comparable to NYC or Chicago's Chinatown but delicious and a great inexpensive grocery store with all the specialties (just no fake purses or as big of a selection of stores).
Most of the place is closed right now. I was told it was remodeling but I am not sure.  What is there is good but there is not much to see right now at the cultural center.
I've driven by this place many times and have said to myself that I need to go and check it out. Well with it being the 2013 Phoenix Chinese Week, I had no reason not too. 

The architecture is pretty neat. 

The market has some many cool and different products you will not find at Frys or Safeway. I could spend a good two hours going up and down the isles checking everything out. 

There is an herbal store the smelled of earthy tea upon entering. I quickly became overwhelmed as everything was in Chinese (which for the record I cannot read or speak, outside of the brief lesson when I open a fortune cookie). They had so many containers and boxes that I chalked up that if I'm really that interested, I'll make another trip in the future when it isn't so crowded.
Always a fun visit....typically for the Lunar New Year celebration, but also for the Full Moon festival in Autumn any time is good to visit...great year round shopping and Asian market.
For being in the middle of Phoenix/desert, this place looks real nice. There are several events held here throughout the year including Chinese New Years celebrations and the Fall Moon Festival. Not usually the most entertaining performances. The International market that's in this center is AWESOME. You can find just about anything here that doesn't exist in the US!
When I want to just get away for awhile I come here, and let my mind relax...over all its not that big but worth checking out!!  It also has food and shops to enjoy this great culture.
Not a large cultural center, but it does have several Asian shops and a large Asian gocery store.
Maybe it was just me but this place was a bit of a let down.

The bakery was passable and I found the food selection to be inferior to Mekong, Lee Lee's, and Asiana Market in Mesa and Tempe.

The Chinese Culture part is a bit of joke really, if culture can be absorbed by walking through oriental themed buildings and the grocery. 

One could glean more Chinese Culture in Chandler imo
Chinese themed strip mall which or local take on a china town, houses a wide range of businesses aimed at that demographic. Of note is the grocery store which is huge and has a pretty decent little restaurant in the corner. Did I mention that it was also cheap, yeah, that too.
Phoenix has a large but scattered population. I'm not sure why developers picked this location for a Chinese Culture Center.  It doesn't make sense to me as the area around Dobson might seem more appropriate.

The center seems like it'd have potential if it gave incentive for small businesses to set up shop and stay.  I've heard the lunar festival held here charged admission and was dismal.  It's now not much more than a nearly-empty strip mall with "Asian" architecture.  I live up the street and would rather drive to Mesa/Chandler for anything Asian. Sad because I hoped Phoenix could do better.
Not the best but not the worst Chinese food.

Had the Schezwan Shrimp for lunch. Egg drop soup was brought out promptly and the main course after two spoonfuls of the soup.

Soup was nothing special. Egg roll almost flavorless and mushy. No ability to substitute Lo mein for rice. Better like rice. This IS a Chinese restaurant right? 

Everything came out on same plate. Cold salad next to hot entree next to hot rice. Most places serve these separately. Obviously a move to save servers work.

Iced tea was basically water. 

Check was delivered halfway through meal. Thank you very much. You may go now.
This place is awesome, I like coming here and going to the shops and looking at all sorts of diff things
If the Chinese economy has a "hard landing," it will look like Cofco Cultural Center. 

Most of the storefronts are empty. There's one gift store, woefully declaring "yes, we're open!" There are restaurants on either side of Ranch Market that may be the same restaurant with different names. The architecture is pretty in a "Disney does China" way, but it's essentially a strip mall with a high vacancy rate, anchored by a supermarket.
Having a Filipino wife means lots of trips to the Asian store located here. The place looks grate. Like a little slice of china. The Asian shipping store usually sales many much of whats needed for my wifes Filipino dishes. As well some hard to find items for chief's. Like frog legs. 

There are two restraints.  Here one has sone great food. The other is like any other Chinese restaurant. There are a few trinket stores. But other then that, the place has a lot of empty store fronts. So it kinda has a ghost town feel to it.

The parking lot and surrounding area is kept very clean. 

Simply put - The place is nice,  but has a lot of unused potential.
Check out the Dorayaki at the Ranch Market, if you get there on time, they make a red bean paste pancake on a griddle in front of the store. Deelish! Go to the Szechwan Palace and request the non-English menu for the true authentic items. The gift shop has tons of gift ideas if you are stumped. I might also mention they have some really, really nice shrines made out of cherry wood and lacquer. I was in the market for one to make my altar and these are the real deal. Beautiful furniture finds, although they can be a bit pricey. They are willing to negotiate with you if you ask. 

The store has what you need but the variety may seem lacking in comparison to Lee Lee's or Mekong. Anything you try at the bakery is amazing, if you are in the mood for perfect deco-den like whipped cream cakes, this is the place to get it. Their fruit selection is lacking which is probably my only gripe, but they make up for it in their vegetable selection. The Chinese Herb shop next door is a great place if you are into holistic/Chinese medicine. I wish this place was bigger with more stores, that would definitely put it over the top.
After a couple days without caffeine, I was in the panicked, desperate, yet very composed search for instant coffee. I am traveling and coffee seems to be weak tea everywhere I've gone and I am too cheap to buy Starbucks every morning.Through previous experiences, Korean instant coffee packs are quite delightful! So I was on the search for said coffee packs. To begin my expedition I asked where I'd fine an Asian store, I was directed to a small store and after looking, they did not have what I was searching for. My second option found me here. Much smaller than what I expected, but I was able to find a product similar to the brand I was seeking and was completely satisfied!  Great products and very organized.
Bread grill pork bun, taste as good as always!
Unfortunately, this place is on a downward trajectory it appears. Many businesses have closed and there are many vacancies. The ones that are there, apart from the Asian Market have changed hands. Not bad, but not worth a special trip.
Unfortunately, this is my regular grocery store. It's kinda dirty. It's kinda ghetto. But it makes up for this in two ways:

1.) There are always parking spots close to the entrance, even when it's super busy. It's like magic.

2.) BUFFEST GROCERY STORE SECURITY GUARD -EVER-. I have to check myself and make sure I'm not entranced by the muscles before walking into oncoming traffic. Kudos, man. It's like you've got a pair of toddlers clinging to your upper arms.
This place is old school.  That's good, because it doesn't make me want to spend more money than I have to.  It reminds me of the A&P store I worked at 26 years ago.  

The deli has a good selection of meats and cheeses, sliced to order, and the service in the deli was very friendly (Christine ?maybe??).

The lines are ridiculous.  I only shopped here twice and both times the wait was just stupid.  The second time was particularly annoying because I was buying one item and the self-serve checkout wasn't accepting my card (for $1.50), and so I had to go to the regular cashier.  They had NO express lanes, so I had to get behind people doing their shop for the week.  And the few lanes they had open each had at least 4 people in them.  Very frustrating.  Glad I don't have to shop here again.
This is by far the worst frys I have ever been in. I am a pretty dedicated frys shopper, however, this frys is gross and dirty. The checkout lines are always out of control long and getting through the parking lot without getting hit by a car or cart rolling by, is a miracle. Though it is my "home" frys I will drive 4 miles out of my way to go to a different one.
What can I say other than it's close to my house and they have some essentials I need.  

The store is ghetto and the meat/seafood counter selection is just as bad.  

The deli is the saving grace here as they have a huge boars head selection sliced to order and great cheese.

The checkout lines are always a wait.
They close all the checkout lanes every night around 10pm and force everyone to use self-checkout. Some people aren't really bright enough to use these and the lines get very long. The place is dirty and the Target in the same shopping center is a much better choice, and Target has grocery now.
I read all the bad reviews (after I was already in the store) but I actually had a good experience here so I'm not going to dog it with one or two stars.

I was in town for the weekend (Thursday through Monday) staying at the Camelback Inn which has both refrigerators and microwaves in every room.  My brother and I came to this Fry's to stock up on groceries.  I bought three types of berries strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries,  and they were all fresh and stayed fresh all weekend.  They had a good selection of both cheeses and crackers, too, and carried really yummy flavors of Greek Yogurt.

The prices were all affordable, the store was reasonably clean, and the lines were not bad at all.  This store didn't do anything to wow me, but it was perfectly adequate for what I needed.  I don't remember anything skechy about my fellow shoppers or the parking lot.   Maybe I went on a good day?
This Fry's on Thomas has recently undergone a makeover, similar to the Fry's on 61 Street and Thomas. It's a big improvement, thank goodness. Now they need new, plastic shopping carts that don't squeak and restrooms that don't creep me out. Seat covers would be a start, pick up all the toilet paper from the floors...and wash all of the germs off everywhere!!  

There's a cute little Starbuck's inside to the right and a seating area with free wi-fi.

I always stop by the olive bar on my way to the deli 'cuz I love green olives.

The checkout lines are too long for my taste. Frequently there is only one cashier open that isn't for express checkout. Last time I shopped I chose to do the self-checkout rather than wait in the long line. I had way too many items to warrant self- check out, though and probably won't put myself through that ordeal.
Yelp keeps bugging me to write this review, so here goes....

This Fry's has recently undergone an extensive and well needed remodel. It looks much cleaner than it used to, but it's still a rather shady place to shop. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting! I told customer service and they said they would send someone. I have no clue whether or not they ever sent anyone to clean the bathroom, but I sure hope so!

On my last trip there, some guy was walking around the parking lot begging for spare change so he could eat. I gave him the three quarters I had in my middle console. He thanked me, walked away and returned to my car window a few seconds later. Just as I was thinking he was greedy and back for more change, he knocked on my window with a bluetooth in his hand. It was mine! I had dropped it out of my purse when I was putting groceries away. I thanked him and immediately thought about my guardian angel. There was a reason that guy was in the parking lot.

I had a difficult time finding things because they have moved products around in the remodel. I walked up and down the aisles twice looking for popcorn and finally found it. The checkout lines were long, but the store was packed so that was to be expected.  Luckily there were many cashiers available and several self-check out registers.
People always judge me because I go to the "ghetto" Fry's but seriously they do a great job.  Everyone is always so helpful and courteous to me and since the remodel the store has done a 180.  They have also increased their food selection since the remodel which is great.

The part I love best about this store are the cashiers!  Always friendly and talkative and they are definitely characters!  It is refreshing to have someone talk to you as a person instead of just reading your name off VIP card receipt.
Okay, I've been back more than once and while I can't say I've fallen in love, I've certainly developed a little crush on the Fry's Food Store.  I visit Phoenix once every year and stay at a local hotel that has a microwave and refrigerator in every room.  I choose this Fry's to stock up on healthy food, both meals and snacks, while I'm here.  

The produce is fresh and colorful, there is a wide variety of it available and it is attractively displayed.

I stocked up on meat, cheese, soup, microwave meals, I was all over the store and every aisle was clean and well stocked with everything I needed to sooth all my hunger cravings.

I'm upgrading this store's rating to four stars and I believe they have earned it.
Over the past couple of years, I've become very passionate for cooking at home. When I'm not eating out, I'm looking up a recipe on Epicurious, Chow or Food.com for a recipe that pushes my boundaries as cook. Lately, I've been working to perfect my ability to braise pork and beef. It is therefore very important to me to find the ingredients I want, since I'm working to pin down my techniques before I feel more comfortable experimenting with ingredients and flavors.

This particular Fry's is my go-to grocery store.  I shop here for my daily necessities and usually start here when I'm looking to cook something up from a recipe. Unfortunately, as I start to diversify my cooking ability, it has become more and more difficult to find what I need. I understand that Fry's isn't really the spot for finding unique grocery items like baby artichokes, but it definitely has become frustrating that I end up spending 30 minutes looking around for what I need without someone in sight to assist, only to give up or find out that it is not stocked. It's a bit too after-the-fact for them to ask upon checkout, "Did you find everything alright?"

In the recent past, I've started my shopping at Fry's and then worked my way over to other grocery stores for the other items. I've shopped for my other items at Sprouts, Whole Foods and AJ's. If cooking something extravagant, I may need to shop exclusively at one of those instead of splitting my time between Fry's and one of the others. 

Selection aside, you really cannot beat Fry's on price for a lot of their standard grocery items, especially meat and produce. Walmart and Target sometimes offers cheaper prices for canned, bottled and boxed products. I'm not a huge consumer of those, so I'll continue shopping at Fry's for my day-to-day items.
The fruit is horrible there but all the rest isn't the best but it's better. The only thing I like is the squash.
Honestly, after moving to Phoenix and reading the reviews on here I was surprised when I went to the store, it was actually clean the employees were nice to me if I needed help, mind you the "customers" are a different story, I haven't been there at night and usually since my condo is near the ghetto my first thought is not to go grocery shopping at 8 pm, I feel this place should have the 4 stars because for a "ghetto" store area it's really nice ( but I have seen way worse areas then this so to me in the daylight this isn't very ghetto)
I only shop here because of their fuel perks with Shell Gas Stations.  This location is okay, by far the best in this neighborhood.  After dusk, there will be a security guard post here, not really sure why.  They have good alcohol beverages selections.  Food was okay, fruits and veggies are fresh.  Lots of dairy selections too.
I went to this Fry's on Friday the 1/24/14 and I was there to pick up 2 veggie trays for a party at work. I picked up 2 veggie trays and fruit juice poured out all over my slacks and I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager. Now remember I said veggie tray not fruit tray, so when I explained this to a manager who finally arrived he said he was not sure why that happened and was going to find out what and how it happened. So in the mean time Jerry Cruz the manager wanted to know what he could do for me, and I suggested he pay my cleaning bill but instead he offered to purchase the different trays I decided to buy. Thank you Jerry for making it right for me.
This place is the dive bar of grocery stores. Congrats Fry's! You popped my 1-star cherry.

It is only due to my current boycott of Target that I brought my business to the Fry's next door. This decision was based on principal, but I have to say I have missed Target.  

When I walk through the front doors I just feel miserable. The 'energy-saving' automatic lights make me seize. The narrow aisles make me claustrophobic. The overall dinginess consumes me. I'm suddenly overwhelmed with an anxious feeling similar to when I brought a bad report card back to my parents. Or when I had to confront an ex-gf's parents about why the Pennsylvania State Troopers were calling them at 4am. 

My pace quickens. My pupils dilate. The lump in my throat expands. I try to gasp for air, but the weight on my chest suffocates me. I feel lethal; on the verge of frenzy. My mask of sanity is about to slip. Sweat beads down my back. My aggressiveness becomes visible. The curmudgeon at the self-checkout grunts at me. Darkness comes over me...

I reemerge 36 hours later with no semblance of reality. Fry's is a catalyst of my psychosis.
This is a super classy Fry's! They have a Starbucks, nice floors and lighting, and a natural foods sections, which I love! Healthy and organic shopping is becoming a lot easier to do at Fry's. Great deals and savings on milk!
This Fry's is just around the corner from my home. Unless I'm taking my husband's grandma shopping (who also lives right around the corner) here, I avoid this place at all possible! I much rather drive a couple miles to another Fry's. What really turns me off is the clientele and it just feels... dirty.
A great store. The prices are reasonable. The employees are efficient and helpful.
Im not sure what store Ana S (below me) was shopping at but this store does not have a Starbucks and is not deserving of anything more than 2 stars...and the 2nd star is mainly due to its location to where i live. I have pulled up and seen homeless guys sleeping towards the east end of the building. More than once i have been approached in the parking lot for spare change. The security guards i have seen look  like they just were dropped off the short bus. Now lets go inside! It seems as though this store is not as well stocked as the two stores closest to it. The deli staff is either retarded or trained to be rude and stupid. The whole feel of the store is "dont touch that it looks sticky". If i need something quick it is the obvious choice....otherwise i drive the extra couple of miles to go to the one on Camelback and the 51.
First off FRYS you need to treat your employees much better especially the employee I seen that was being talk down to because of his age. Let me paint you a picture of what I seen and heard. I went there and was behind an elderly gentleman carrying his little bag with his lunch he was limping and had on a Frys apron. He went to the front manager and asked him if there was a department he could work that day because he was just not feeling to good. It appeared he was just asking for that day. The front end manger replied, "I am not sure I don't know if you know how to do anything else. I just need you to pick up the speed where you are know before I consider anything else. I know I was nosing in his business but it was very heart breaking and degrading at the same time. Let me tell you something Mr, Front end Manager this elderly man is probably the last few of his kind that knows how to work and I am sure worked his tail off. Do NOT ever talk to that generation with anything but respect and kind  assistance where you can offer it. That is if he even allows you because that generation never looked for handout and that is why this gentleman is still working and packing his little lunch to show up for work and not call in like many would or I am just assuming with your company maybe that will be your excuse to let him go. So after listening to this and no it was not my business but I am sure half the things anyone witness in public is not anyone's business but we still slow down to see the wreck. So I proceeded to get my $325.00 of groceries at your place when I should have walked right out and drove down the road. I went isle to isle and as I neared the front another female front end was barking out orders to the checkers yelling right in my ear. Yes, I looked at her and gave her one of my signature looks (Are you serious what is wrong with you) type of look and she continued to degrade the front end employees. However it must not have had an effect on these two clowns that checked me out. Because they were laughing at other people with disabilities and bagging my groceries like they were tossing rocks in a pile. Now let me gentle remind you FRYS without your customers you are nobody and word of mouth travels so fast and as you know all the advertising on billboards cannot compare for a bad experience and a woman that will make it her job to inform the abuse this elderly man took on this day. I was never going to step foot in this store but that is wrong to complain -and not do something. So every week about 2 times I make it a point to check to see if this gentleman still works there and that he may be treated a little more kinder. SHAME ON YOU! for allowing these putz kids to act like idiots and the little feeble elderly man that apparently needs the job and comes to work to make the best out of it is treated with such degrading words and gestures. I wanted to reach in my purse and give him his wage for the day and whip on his apron and show your little store what compassion really means. But I figure this is a generation with great pride and it would do nothing more than make him feel worse. Mark my words! If I ever have your front end manager yell in my ear as I pass by or witness your employees show this man any disrespect you will hear my opinion yell right back and you know those people who holds signs and marches in front of your store well there is a truck full of worker down by Home depot that I can get together that you will see my opinion loud and clear.
This is a nice Fry's location with a big deli, bakery, and cheese section. It has more options than the other Fry's on Thomas that I frequently visit. An example of this would be that they carry Yogi Kava Stress Tea, which I love, the other Fry's does not. This is just one example though I'm sure there are many because the location is larger.

 I still prefer the other Fry's in my neighborhood though because this location is always busy and I don't enjoy navigating through the parking lot. However, this Fry's  location is also closer to other businesses (Costco Target, etc) while the other is off on it's own near houses and apartments.
There's always parents @ this Frys, who make  their kids scream &cry. I shop here, ONLY cuz it's close & cheap.    Within the past 2weeks, I got hired @ this Kroger Store (didn't even work--& got fired! cuz I have Epilepsy)  ...A few Thursdays ago, I got told by hiring manager, Holly,  "we have ur new-hire-paperwork, u start training Sun&Monday!".     Monday, I got a call from some1 in a Colorado area code, who claimed to be a "doctor-in-association-w/Frys". He said I was positive for marijuana--I told him, yeah, I'm disabled & have a (legal) medical marijuana prescription for my Epilepsy in AZ. The Colorado-"doctor" told me, I might not get hired by Frys, cuz they don't hire people w/this medical prescription!!  On Tuesday I still had No call back from Frys (eventho I was supposed to have worked Sun & Mon). I went to Frys & asked Holly, "Oh, I don't have a job? Why didn't u call me?".  Holly, kept saying that I didn't pass some form of screening test.  How come this hiring manager said I WAS HIRED?!
I'm not much of a golfer. There. That's how I chose to start this review. So take this for what its' worth ... 

I've played maybe a dozen times, usually public courses in miami/orlando/atlanta. I was in Scottsdale for business and had a day off so I took advantage of this by making a tee time online for 3:15pm on a Friday the night before. 18 holes and cart included was $30. Free tees, and another $25 for rental clubs and I was on my way. 

I got to play by myself (bonus, because I hate slowing people down ... I mean, I shot 110) and enjoyed this 18 more than any other (except for a course I once played in Orlando with my father, for sentimental reasons). 

The course was very well kept, much better than any I've played on in Miami or southern LA. First time playing in Arizona was beautiful and amazing to appreciate the contrast between the red clay and green, green fairways. 

Not much water, but just enough for me to lose 3 balls in it (I lost 9 total, again, I'm not that good). Freeways line the start of the back 9.  A little distracting. I think I hit 3 balls into ongoing traffic. Regardless, it only got better from there. 

Gorgeous 13th and 15th and 16th holes, among the others. Beautiful semi-island par-3 on 18. I played until dark, nailed a 20ft put, almost birdied 3 in a row, and had an awesome time - very memorable - and happy as hell I took the initiative to play 18 on my day off even though its not my sport. 

I would recommend it. This course was beautiful.
I don't golf at all but like to ride my bike along the multi-use path from McDonald Drive to Pima.  I watch out for the golfers and occasionally have to duck or at least honker down when I hear "fore".  To me the golf course doesn't look too exciting but then again I don't golf.  If I were to golf I would never get past the first hole and take too much time.  Others seem to enjoy it and yell when the ball gets close or into the hole.  For me riding my bike is far more enjoyable and very scenic with great views of Four Peaks and sunsets behind Camelback.

Over the past several years I have collected hundreds of stray golf balls.  I save the uniquely marked ones from other golf courses including Silverado but otherwise box the others up.  I have offered them to my nephews to sell but there was little interest.  I finally found someone who wants them for distribution to a youth organization.  Now I can go out and collect more... plus get more exercise which is my primary objective in the first place.
They sell your e-mail address to spammers!

If you reserve your tee time with them online, they will sell your e-mail address to Viagra and penis enhancement spammers. It happened to me. I used a unique e-mail address with them and next thing I know, I start getting spam on that e-mail address. 

I confronted them about it and they denied it and didn't take any action which makes them worse.

The golf facilities are mediocre so don't even bother.
It's usually cheap and the layout is ok. It is a short course, par 70 that runs through a wash area. It was always in pretty good shape. There is no driving range. It's nothing special but it's fun. Not sure what else to say about this one really.?.
Played here three times this week. My favorite in the Scottsdale area. Book on GolfNow.com. February prices have been around $60 per round of golf
Oh the joys of playing a value course where customer centric culture was founded by the Madoff school of business.  Ladies and Gents, my review:

Good: 
-Great condition.  Greens and fairways are well kepy.
-Fairly forgiving.  I love playing a desert course made for the average player.

Bad: 
-No driving range
-No gps, but...eh...is a value course
-Hard to find.  Needed to pull out my sundial and compass to triangulate my position.

Ugly:
-Marshall on us 5 times.  Total time: 4:20.  We were somewhat slow due to the fact that we had our other twosome play from the womens tees.  I have nothing against the ladies, but the marshall should know that it takes an average of 90 seconds to get back in your cart and have the other group tee off!
-The caddies that helped clean our tees, which we generously tipped, made remarks Charlie Sheen would be proud of: said we played a 4:30 round (when it was 4:20), argued about the marshall pushing us, and overall was focused on proving some unknown point to a paying customer!

Suggestion: 
-Don't play here!  Rude service with a locals only attitude.  I felt like i was surfing on somebodys turf.  Out of towners beware...you are not welcomed...except for your benjamins!

On to Legends Trail!
I'm not sure why this course gets such a low rating.  This is a fine golf course.  It is in excellent condition.  The front nine is somewhat boring as it is basically straight out and straight back.  The back nine offers a little more challenge and a few more interesting holes.

A warning to walkers:  The front nine is easily walked, but the back nine is tough as there are VERY long stretches from green to tee.

I played it on 11-24-11 in the first group of the day.  The greens were pretty slow, but that was probably because there was a heavy dew that morning and the greens were still pretty wet.  As they dry out during the day, they probably run a little faster, but will still be just moderate speed greens.

It's a straightforward course, with no tricks off the tee.  The 10th hole is a sharp dogleg right with a blind tee shot.  Other than that, you can see the shot you need to hit from every tee box.  The finishing hole is a moderate, downhill Par 3 over water.   Beautiful golf hole.
Customer Service Sucks at this golf course soooooooo BAD!  Been there 4 times and every time have an issue checking in or with one of the GOLF Pros.  This golf course by far has the worst employees ever. The course is usally in good condition but always get turned off by the employees. On top of it all they do not even have a driving range to practice. Do not recommend this course at all.
Was in town for business meetings.  Nice course in town and I was staying nearby. Good shape and price was good.  Pace of play was a little slow, however it was a Sun in Feb.  Will probably play again next yr.
11:30 tee time, finally hit the first tee at 12:15.  Followed with almost a six hour round of golf.   Not a marshal in site to speed up play.  Our group waited almost half an hour just to tee off on a par three.  I've been to this course quite a few times over the past couple of years.  It is a nice layout and usually in good shape, however after today, never again.  Having a good round of golf is all about establishing a rhythm.  You will never establish that here.
I am sorry to see so many bad things said about Silverado.  Its one of my favorites.  I golf mostly in the afternoons.  We play at this course about 3 times a month.  Never had a problem.  My foursome even got to take off early.  One time my dad (age 85)  was late getting to the golf course.  When he arrived the staff loaded his clubs and him, up and brought him out to our hole where we were getting ready to tee off.

The course itself is pretty forgiving.  Pretty open in the front 9, little tighter on the back.

I recommend the Friday Night Fish Fry as well.  They have a great dinner and golf special.
Slow!!! This the slowest golf course in the world. I have played there 3 times, all within the last year. I was only able to finish once because of the extremely slow play and that time took 5 1/2 hours. The other time they started me on the back, which was fine because it is the nicer of the two 9's, it took 2 1/2 hours to play. I go to make the turn on to the front and they just let 7 groups of walkers out on the front, even though they new a bunch of people would be making the turn because they started everyone else earlier on the back. Seeing this and then seeing the 5 groups waiting to tee of on 10, I went to the pro shop to kindly ask "what's up?", the guy with the creepy side burns and mustache basically told me I was screwed and said there was no chance of a rain check even though he admitted that it would take over 3 more hours to finish my round.

For some stupid reason I went back again this past May. It took 2/12 hours to play the front and then it took 2 1/2 hours TO PLAY THE FIRST FOUR HOLES ON THE BACK!!! When we got to the 14th tee there were, NO KIDDING, 6 groups on the tee. NOT A MARSHALL IN SIGHT!

We decided to quit and drive to the clubhouse, as did two other groups. When we got back to the club house, the bag guys asked how we enjoyed our round... knowing that we did not come from  the 18th. We told them very politely how slow it was and  there only response was "ya, slow golf sucks". 

Please find new management because this is a decent course, when you get to play the whole thing!
Not worth the price, much better courses around for the money!
One of the most fun rounds of golf I've played in a long time. Some challenging features, but plays pretty easy. Fairways were immaculate! Beautiful course, and they wiped down my clubs after my round (never had that happen anywhere else). Most definitely worth the very reasonable green fee, and I'll play here again if I ever find myself in Scottsdale again!
There are a lot of great reasons to rate this course highly, and then there are a few others that get me a little heated....

Pros:

- Central location in the Scottsdale area
- Grass is typically in great shape, despite getting a lot of play
- Rates are extremely affordable. The best value in Scottsdale for a round of golf throughout the year
- Good mix of challenging and easy holes for all skill levels
- Not a lot of desert to mess around with and virtually no water to worry about either (except for 18)
- Great views off of the tee at #14 and #18
- Cart girls here are usually pretty good
- Staff has always been courteous and good when I've played here

Cons:

- No driving range....
- No driving range.... 
- No driving range....
- Slow pace of play on late afternoons and weekends. They really overload the course and it can get very backed up 
- Marshall's aren't present too often to regulate the pace in my experience

If you're looking for a great value, open fairways, and to have a generally good time with most skill sets, this is your place. Just don't plan on getting in a warm up or playing a quick round.
Horrible customer service! I tagged along this afternoon to my husbands 1:15 tee time and they charged me a rider's fee of $17... Just to sit in his cart and watch. He was a single player so it's not like we needed an extra cart or anything!  For that price I could have just played! Ridiculous.  Won't be back.
I feel like I owe it to Silverado and the Yelp community to update my original review from a few days ago.  After our awful first experience, my husband wrote an email to Silverado's upper management.  We received a very fast (and polite) response apologizing for the cashier's poor judgement in charging us an unnecessary rider's fee.  They are mailing my husband a gift certificate in hopes that he will give Silverado another chance... We really appreciate that.
This course was great! The grass is well manicured, the greens were a bit sandy but they rolled true and quick. Good thing the price includes cart because it's a long drive around in neighborhoods but goes by quick. I played in the middle of the day on Thurs. and didn't have to wait at all! 3 hour round and played one of the best I have ever. Great value and everyone there was nice, bring cash because no ATM. Would def recommend and play there again!
Great place to have lunch or a late breakfast. Reasonable prices and good food. The patio is especially nice when the weather is cool. Highly recommend!
Nice, easy course but beware: you can reserve a threesome to find out that an old man will be your fourth, and he wants to date you.  He proudly boasts that he only paid $20 when you and your peers paid $65/pp. Yickes!
Iv accompanied my husband to almost all the golf courses in Phx and since past 1 year have nt been playing due to my fracture  . I have never been charged for just riding in the cart b4 but this place charged us 18 bucks .. What a money making trick!!!
Came to the Silverado grille at about 430pm  in the afternoon and restaurant.com and yelp both wrote that they were open at this time but apparently they say close at 4pm. Leah the bartender/server was very nice and tried to accommodate me but the cook Zack was unhelpful. Even though I said that I drove all the way over here,  he still wouldn't cook anything at all. Very disappointing. Will not be back.
We're not golfers, but it was a beautiful day for a nice outdoor lunch with a view.  We were pleasantly surprised by the Silverado Grille.  We sat out on the patio where we had a great view of the golf course and fountain.  The food was great and Chuck was very friendly and accomodating as he took care of our order.  Had a great time with my wife and will definitely return!
Nice course, price was a little high, would have thought GPS would have been included.  Very kid friendly, and other golfers were friendly to my two boys, ages 5 and 7.  I love to play kid friendly courses and this course actually has kid t boxes!  They thought that was way cool!

Gentleman working the register wasn't as polite as the starters.
Good bang for your buck. Some interesting holes with elevated tees and course was in good shape. High handicappers can have fun here and play easily under 4 hours. No range but definitely worth the money.
SLOW PLAY- played there twice this week and never saw a ranger. Fridays round took 5 hours and 20 minutes and we only got 17 holes in. Played Sunday and expected a slow round but not another 5 he ordeal. Never saw a ranger and it seems slow play is the norm. Course is fun and open enough to be forgiving
"If you want a good, tasty, budget brat," says my bossman, "go for the johnsonville smoked cheddar jalepeno".  

*cringe*

Two things here:  (1) what the heck is a "budget brat" and (2) BARF!  

If you're going to eat meat in tube form.  Do yourself a favor:  spend the extra 20 cents per pound (yes I actually checked some brat prices), go down to Bavaria Sausage Kitchen, and get the real thing.  They've got your regular brats, your fresh brats, your smoked brats, your beer brats, your weiners, your weisswurst, your polish and a bunch of sausages you've probably never heard of, but are undoubtedly delicious.  

I did a BBQ for about 70 people, which gave me the opportunity to load up on just about every tubed meat in the case.  Plus BSK has their more popular products packed in cases of 25, in the freezer, ready to go.  Service was nice and prompt, even with such a big order right near the end of business.  And, most importantly, my customers were happy.  I received lots of compliments on the quality, and there wasn't a single sausage left at the end of the day (although I did spy a few half-eaten greasy frozen burgers that had been abandoned).  

So for the quality, the location, and the service....Bavaria Sausage Kitchen has earned their five stars.  

A few minor details.  Thanks to Daniel K. for the recommendation.  The BSK website looks a little garish, but his comment got me over that.  Also, let me say, BSK has TONS of other products.  We talking cold cuts, salami, bacon, cured pork concoctions, cheeses, dry goods, and what appears to be the largest collection of imported Haribo (German original brand of gummi candy) anywhere outside of Germany.  I won't lie, I took a couple packs to snack on.
Jawohl! This place is the bee's knees, the brat's tots, er...it's zehr gut. Mr. G fired up a tasty smoked brat that we later added to red beans and rice. Dang. That is no budget brat! The ladies behind the counter were very helpful and, because we bought a huge amount for a party, they even threw in a free box of orange liqueur chocolates for us!

I inquired about a curious sign near the cash register that read "Fresh Venison". Basically, if you're a local hunter and bring your deer in here, they'll do all the necessary butchering for you. Sometimes they have leftovers for customers to purchase. Sounds a little wild, but next time I might be game!

Oh, and ditto on the Haribo gummy candy selection. It's huge.
Some great food, some very old shelf food and some miserable people behind the counter.
I can't recall a place that had more unfriendly people waiting on you.  They apparently hate working here.  I can't blame them.  They are cramped up inside this small space that looks like something out of Alfred Hitchcock's film Spellbound.
I once accidentally asked for a certain number year cheddar and they about pulled a gun out from under the counter and shot me.  "WHAT?!  THERE IS NO SUCH THING!"  My mistake, I mean 7 year cheddar.  I  had accidentally used the price in place of the year.
Never a thank you, never a friendly chit chat at check out.  Here ya go.  Ugghh.  I really hate this place but the cheese and sausage are good.

Apparently I wrote this when the place was closed for repairs.   Didn't mean to add insult to injury.   But my comments were on the staff not so much the food.   I am hopeful that all of the old shelf food went up in flames.   If I return I won't worry about what I buy from the shelf.   What I said about the staff is true.   I have never seen a smile in this place.
.
I've never had a bad experience at this place.  The German food selection is great and the frozen and refrigerated selection is always tasty (I recommend the sauerbraten). 

Fridays when the weather is nice they grill out on the front lawn.  Stop by for a great selection of sausages cooked up fresh.

As a counter point to a one star review for this place...  It was written while Bavaria Sausage was closed for fire repairs, so who knows how accurate that review might be.
I can't say that I've tried too many of the sausages here, but what we have had has been delicious.  They also have a fun selection of German foodstuffs.  Lots of candy, chocolate, kraut, assorted pickled stuff, coffee, mustard, cheese, summer sausages, etc.  Great place if you find yourself wanting to put together a German-themed gift basket.
We've always had very friendly service.
We were in dire need of Haribo.  I did a little research before we headed to Madison and was directed to Bavaria Sausage Kitchen.  Sausage and Haribo - yes please!  The shop is small, but well stocked.  Plenty of German and a few Dutch delights.  Due to the fact that they're a pretty small shop, their prices definitely reflect that.  Their prices were a bit on the high side and much of the stuff could be ordered much cheaper online.  HOWEVER, it's always nice to browse in person,  We walked out of there with about $50 in Haribo alone - so obviously, they had a very nice selection!  Tried some sausage as well, the deli sliced Alps salami was ok and their summer sausage very good.  They're closed on Sundays, otherwise, we might have stocked up on a variety of their sausages and other freezer items on our way home.  Overall, nice little place and I imagine we'll be back the next time we're in Madison!
HOW HAS NO ONE REVIEWED THIS PLACE YET?!?

It's amazing! We need more places like this in America!

My boyfriends parents wanted a gift card from here for Christmas, so we made a stop while we were in town yesterday.

As mentioned previously, IT'S AMAZING.

I'm a vegetarian, so the meat has no appeal to me, but they had a ton of sausages, sliced meats, and even fish! Their selection of cheese was also quite impressive. What really was cool to me was the massive amounts of chocolate and European bakery mixes! I had a hard time picking out what I wanted, until I saw a box full of chocolate with a picture of kittens on it, and it was called Katzenzungen! Its so fun just to say! Although, I looked it up on the internet and the chocolates are supposed to look like cat tongues...which is kinda weird but still super awesome at the same time!

I will for sure stop in and visit Bavaria the next time I am in Madison!
Oh yeah! I stumbled across this on my way from Epic training in Vernon (near Madison) WI and am so lucky I did! Meats galore! Cheese galore! European snacks galore! I needed to get back to Chicago to turn in my rental car and risked getting charged an extra day just to get some more meat sticks.
A Great German Deli and Sausage House

This little store has everything you would ever need that is German, and Sausages galore!  They make their own german style sausages in house and they are some of the best sausages you will ever have.  The store is wooden, and looks quaint, and the selection is varied.  Inside they have a German style deli with cold cuts and fresh sausage, and in the corner, they have a freezer where you can buy boxes and boxes of sausages.  From Brats, to White Sausage, to Weiners, there is nothing they don't have.  German Candy is found in the corner, and dried meats on the other side of the store... pickles are on the wall and ginger bread treats in the aisle.  Service is good, and the staff is so friendly.
Excellent food.  Very good service.  Indoor and patio seating, but it can get chilly at night.  Very nice place for an upscale dinner, either with a group or on a date.  They have an excellent selection, and a very good wine list.
I only went to this place once in all the years I lived in Scottsdale, and that was only because my neighbor knew the owners. I was kind of surprised that the really only impressive part of the experience was the building it was in. I personally have a hard time paying a lot of money for Italian food in general, because it generally costs me very little to make myself. Anyhow, the food is okay but for the price I don't understand what the big deal is.
Had reservations at eight pm on a Friday but you'd probably be ok without them. Sat outside, nice atmosphere, linen table cloths etc. Service was prompt at fairly attentive. Beard basket served w oil and Vinegar was good. Shared a Caesar salad which was excellent. Ordered angel hair bolognese for the entree and shared that also. One of us loved it, but I really didn't care for the sauce.   Meal was reasonably priced, but if you're not sharing be prepared to spend about $80. Best iced tea ever!! They show you the dessert options so make sure you can overcome the temptation! We enjoyed it overall and would return after trying a few others in the area.
3 story shopping center with a 14 screen movie theater, Crown 14, restaurants, shopping and shops.   The shops are just ok but the restaurants range from fast food to sit down, the movie theater and the old school old Las Vegas Neon signs are the greatest draw.
Neonopolis was a good idea, but it lacks in execution.  I've never seen it not looking like a ghost town, which may only be because I'm only down there at night.

But...wait...this is Vegas.  If it's going to be bustling, it's going to be bustling at night, right?  Hardly.

And it's not the kind of deserted that's quaint and refreshing in a sea of too-much-all-the-time.  No, not at all.  It's stranded in the desert, coming across a completely empty town and finding a doll in a rocking chair kind of deserted; creepy deserted.  If you ignore the sounds of kids screaming to put more money on their card (god, it was easier with tokens, I swear) at Jillian's, it's almost silent.

There's so much that could be done with it, but I don't know who really will.  It seems like a losing venture to try much in there at this juncture.

I don't know.  Go getcherself some mall food or something.  Try to avoid the zombie by the escalator.
This shopping center is pathetic.  I worked in a TV studio that was here for a year, and the owner apparently kicked out the few tenants he had to make room for all the new businesses that were coming in.  They never did.  They lost a La Salsa, an Orange Julius, and a few other business I can't remember.  For what?  Empty space.  I just saw a sushi joint opened where La Salsa used to be, but I can't imagine it lasting long there.  The rest of the shopping center is still pretty empty.  So sad.

The parking situation is even worse.  I've had multiple experiences where my validated parking ticket didn't meet the strict criteria of the parking attendant.  Here I am in line with a bunch of cars behind me, and this guy won't open the gate.  Dude, you work at a parking garage for a living; you're not God.  The attendant actually said to me tonight, "Do you know who you're dealing with?"   Wow.

Try not to ever go to Neonopolis.
1 star, sadly because there are like 5 businesses in this whole center and LOTS O EMPTY ones.  

Wah Wah Wahhhhhhhh.

I'm going to give a nice yelp to Jillians though...
This place is like a Detroit simulator, it's scary, deserted and boarded-up, all with the promise that it'll be better "in the future."    Even their website seems to be an evicted place with one of those useless ad-portals you get when you mistype a popular website.   

If you get lost off Fremont's edge and wander into here, wander right back out.  There's no fun to be had here.
I've wandered around the empty halls of Necropolis (that's right, my official nickname for Neonopolis is Necropolis) many times back in my hoodrat days. Neonopolis has been a Necropolis ever since the day it opened. I went to the movie theater that no one goes to once, and the movie tickets were dirt cheap(I didn't think $5 tickets for movies existed anymore) and the concession stand also had more food than usual for a movie theater lobby with french fries, pizza, mozzarella sticks, etc.... and we were the only ones in the movie theater. The movie(Meet The Browns) wasn't that good but it had to be one of the best moviegoing experiences I have ever had. 
And then you had Jillian's. It always felt so cool being able  to hang out in a bar-like environment at 14. It had a restaurant, arcade, bowling alley, pool hall, dancefloor and a stage for shows. It used to be so much fun. (And it was pretty damn easy to sneak into the psuedo-nightclub upstairs as well.)
Neonopolis really could have been a very cool place, but the execution of it was just terrible.
And I think the main reason why is because it's essentially a wall. Outdoor shopping and entertainment venues may work in California, but they don't fly in somewhere like Vegas. Put a roof over that thing!
Interesting place; horrible show.
This place is one that you want to go NOT when you're looking for a party, but when you and your group ARE the party. It's a little devoid of style but it does have a bit of a tacky kinda charm. I'm sure on a certain night I can work with it. 
The karaoke/piano bar was closed but the room for t looked like a great hang. 
Next time out, (if there IS a next time, I'll check it out.

The show that was there, is without a doubt, the WORST show I've seen here.
It started out with a 10 minute movie comprised totally of random news and interview clips that are oh so vaguely tied to Las Vega$$. The lead of the show was some dude who may have been great at some point, but that day is clearly not today. At least not in this format. He's not charming enough to host a show like this and the show feels dated and is desperately lacking originality or appeal to anyone born after 1970.
 I will admit though, I did learn some very interesting things about Las Vega$$ while I was there, but I would've been really upset to have paid to see the show (I belong to House Seats Las Vegas) and so I got free tickets. I would've been REALLY pissed to have wasted good money on it.
This place was filled at one point (when it first opened- there was a sports store, an asian store, an ice cream place, a restaurant) and quickly became deserted- the rent must be really high. Plus, people did not really come through there to shop, anyway- jeez, retail suicide. There was a little stage in the middle where there would be some performances but I can't say that it was very professional. So, not surprisingly, the movie theater was affected, though this came about a few years later. 

I miss this closed movie theater the most in the whole center. It was a very nice movie theater with slightly discounted movie ticket prices and free parking- validated and had excellent sound. Clean facility, full staff. It as empty though. So, an announcement said the theater would close for renovations. A few days later on the news confirmed that it would be closing for good. So sad.

I like downtown. In my many years in LV, I've never spent New Year's on the Strip (not crazy like that), but I have come to the Fremont Street Experience a couple times. I think that attraction has improved over the years. There are a few good restaurants in the area as well (aloha specialties, mickie finzz, the golden gate). But Neonopolis is an idea never realized- it didn't have a chance. The neon signs were really neat because it was a way to bring back a little something from the Old Vegas (you know, when people dressed up for no reason at all- like the old movies- suits, hats & dresses). Also, Jillian's was a cool little place but it closed and became something else (but don't know how that's going).
Wow.  Poor, poor, poor Neonopolis.  If Shakespeare rose from the dead and wanted to write a new tragedy, it would probably be about Neonopolis.  Act 1 would be the facility opening, Act 3 would be Jillians and the hope of Star Trek: The Experience coming here, and Act 5 would be Las Vegas Rocks closing.  Neonopolis is to Las Vegas like what the Virtual Boy was to Nintendo: both had noble dreams and looked excellent on paper, but both ended up being complete failures in reality.  

Quick history about this place.  Most of the retail space was vacant throughout most the facility's history, and it was tough to fill the empty spaces with establishments.  Jillians was a fun arcade/lounge type of place similar to Gameworks and Dave and Buster's, but it suffered from badly maintained machines and overpriced games.  Not long before it closed, the fraternity I was in held a rush (recruitment) event in one of the banquet rooms in there, and while it was fun it was one of the few good things about Jillians.  The place closed shortly after.

It had a movie theater, but why go to a theater there when you could just go to another one closer to where you live, and where parking is easier?  Plus, the lack of air conditioning IN A DESERT made it difficult to lure moviegoers in.  It soon closed.

They later had a Poker Dome event.  It was a nice facility, and the spectator areas were pretty cool and high tech.  Unfortunately, watching people play poker is nowhere near as entertaining as actually playing poker.  In fact, watching Garry Kasparov play chess would probably be more exciting than watching poker.  Now while some of you might enjoy watching poker on television, I just can't get into it.  Needless to say, when the champion was crowned, they didn't do this again.

When Star Trek: The Experienced closed down at the Hilton, Trekkies like myself were heartbroken.  However, we were relieved when told that The Experience would be relocated to Neonopolis.  Unfortunately, after numerous auctions selling props from The Experience took place, it's relocation to Neonopolis is about as likely as Captain Picard manning the Starship Enterprise again.  The Experience remains stranded in the Delta Quadrant, and Neonopolis remains in the Neutral Zone.

Las Vegas Rocks closing looks to be the final nail in Neonopolis's coffin.  It's quite sad, really.  Neonopolis had everything in paper to be THE revitalization for the Downtown area.  And while First Friday and the large number of plush and comfortable bars and lounges are revitalizing the area in itself, Neonopolis remains a proverbial ghost town, a reminder of what could have been, but never was.

PROS:
Filmmaker looking for a creepy, deserted place?  Here you go!

CONS:
Everything

THE VERDICT:  Just pretend it never happened.
Almost empty mall at the end of Fremont Street. There's been so many establishments that have come and gone. You walk inside and it's like a ghost town. The Drink and Drag bar took over an upstairs space which is a really cool bar. And if you're there during the day, be sure to check out the Toy Shack. The Heart Attack Grill is a big draw for Neonopolis. Parking in their garage is only worth it if you can get validated.
So sad!
Went here 4 years ago came from Ohio and seen a movie and ate at La Salasa and went shopping. Now here again last weekend and my family wanted to see a movie here but it's now boarded up and closed with a sign that says "please visit Regal at Texas Station" and the La salsa is closed and but sign is still up and also there's nothing in here.... Denny's coming soon........ heartatack grill was the worst service ever
I have never seen a place that completely lacks identity until I began walkng through this place.  The Heart Attack Grille and the Toy Shack(from Gold and Silver Pawn) are the highlights if you can call them that.  The Toy Shack is intriguing if a bit pricey but the Heart Attack Grill and the Greek Place next door are just bad.  There is  a Dennys sign but I don't know if it is open and the movie theater is closed too.  This is  truly a case of a property owner's greed causing a great concept to fall flat. So much potential, so little delivery.
We ventured here upon the suggestion of our tour guide at the Neon Musuem.  

One star for the old neon signs and Vegas Vic and Vicky BUT otherwise I'd stay away... parking is not FREE unless you buy someting in the casinos.  Also, there are several homeless people and tweakers coming up to you every other minute to ask for $. This is Vegas at it's worst...sad to say. :-(

PS If you really want to see the neon signs here.. do a drive by and you can see them from the safety of your car.
I don't know why the hate for this place when it being dead has been just a sad part of the economy and falling through the cracks of change. The necropolis is just the shabby kid on the playground that can't help it and gets picked on. Its growing up now and for this I am hopeful for a change as the spot is prime for a successful little building.  

There is now 

Drink& Drag
Heart Attack Grill
Toy Shack 
Dennys
Luna Rossa
Fremont Mediterranean Cafe
2 art galleries (one downstairs and one upstairs)
a few jewelry stores, 
Krave Massive coming soon
Japanese restaurant coming soon

 I also saw that Banger Brewing is now in the building, but I'm not sure if they are just brewing or open to the public? I hope they would do a beer tasting room soon as their beers are quality and would bring in traffic! Telemundo and NBC have offices up at top by Krave.

If you're looking around downtown for some of the vintage neon lights, there's a lot of them inside here. There's a lot of empty space on the floor that they seriously could do something with it events wise...there is what looks to be a stage setup. 

The one thing I have always liked though is parking. It was always rather cheap (and before often free w/o a attendant) even though it is a rare thing to pay for parking in Vegas. It is still the same prices or free 3 hours w/ validation papers from businesses in the building. Cash only, no card on paying your parking fare! It is just there by Fremont East and a easy walk to Fremont Street Experience area- a perfect inbetween for where the night takes us. Its never busy so its easy to park by the elevator and get in/out even when downtown is super packed. We don't bother to park at the casinos anymore because of how convenient it is to park here. 

Hopefully one day this place becomes something more again.

(Yelp 100 Challenge 31/100)
I'm not sure how the "meh I've experienced better" rating would apply to this place. I mean, it's Neonopolis. Where else would you find a three-story establishment covered in neon?

I went here before not knowing what it was. It seemed like a location for a zombie movie. I found it weird that the escalator was working even though there were no businesses upstairs (or maybe I just didn't look hard enough? lol)

Fast forward, they opened a Denny's and had a grand re-opening, added more stores, and more lights. So it's improving, I'd say that much. I'm just not gonna be recommending it to others... at least for now.
I'm going to agree with Oscar and give Neonopolis 4 stars for what it's becoming rather than for what it is now.  The place is no longer on life support and it shows many signs of life and the future looks brighter from the past years when a few restaurants and shops opened and quickly closed for lack of business.

Telemundo coming and renting a good portion of the area for its studios was a boost.  The new Denny's is certainly a boost.  There is a new bar, Drink and Drag, that garners good reviews from the Yelp crew.  Finally, the new zip line ride is being constructed right in the middle of the place.  All these things point to renewed hope for the concept which never really made a go until now.

This morning, I had breakfast at the new Denny's.  I parked in the underground garage which is very, very handy!  One flight of stairs to walk up and I was there.  I was surprised when I got to the booth that there was no charge for the parking.  Their website says free parking with validation but Denny's doesn't validate.  Perhaps it was because I was less than an hour and it was a weekday morning.  Whatever the case, it was a nice bonus.  We are so spoiled by the free parking common in Las Vegas.

I'll make a point of coming here more often.  I want to ride the new zip line when it's done.  Seems like it would make a good UYE.
The new stores have really changed this place and the parties are awesome
Seems to be a lot of not-so-stellar reviews for Neonopolis.  Personally, I think it's a decent little area compared to the rest of Downtown.  The parking garage is a great location (and well-priced, IMO), Denny's has a FULL BAR, the comic book store has a lot of fun things to look at, the vape store is definitely great eye candy (and seems to attract a lot of business) and it's convenient locale makes it nice to hide away in but step right out into Downtown should you want.

I've heard Drink and Drag has closed, which is a bummer since I really enjoyed that place.  It would be awesome if KRAVE opened, too -- I think that would really help this little diamond in the rough.

Also, across the street from StrEATS is a nice bonus if you want some place to park.
The Great Indoors is a phenomenal place to get lost and dream about what you would like to have your home look like.  WARNING!!!  You will want to spend money!

On average their prices are pretty run of the mill dept. store style, it is their selection that is amazing.  They have far more selection than any other store I have ever been to.  The store is also well organized and laid out and everything is easy to find.

One final note, while not a place for extreme bargain hunters if you play your cards right you can get some great deals.  I just purchased all of our appliances for our home at a 20% discount.  Again, not the best discount I have seen but getting them all at once, not having to look around, and still getting $2 back for every $10 I spend is pretty darn nice!

Oh and if you need appliances, ask for Andy/Andrew... He is a great help and honest as can be!
Holy home store! This is a fantasy land of interior decorating, so many shiny sparkly things to distract and tempt me...Luckily I reach for the price tag of said shiny sparkly item and am scorched back into reality by their pricing. 

Today I zipped in and out of TGI on a front door handle search with my cousin. She found what she was looking for, though nearly wept at the price. I did too and it wasn't even my wallet. I noticed the door handle my own mother recently purchased at home depot at an already aburd $119 was on the shelf at the Great Indoors for $165, and as we pulled our box down an employee mentioned that if we bring it back there is a RESTOCKING FEE. Are you freakin' kidding me? 

So wander to your hearts content but only buy what you absolutely must have.
Great Indoors is really great if you just want to look.  Fantastic selection of everything you could need and want in your home.  Unfortunately, that's where it ends.

Their prices are far from great.  I expect any brick and mortar store to have higher prices than online retailers, but I have found their sale prices are still higher than what you can pay if you're willing to wait a few days and know what you want.

And forget service.  It's virtually nonexistent.  Recently, we have been in several times as we're updating a bathroom.  I'm pretty sure the bathroom will be outdated again before it's finished, but that's another story.  We asked for pricing on a mirror.  Over 20 minutes later, the "sales" guy returns stating he can't find anyone who knows.  No offer to take our number and get the info to us, just "sorry, I don't know."  Lighting?  No better.  I asked if a fixture on display as an uplight could be mounted as a downlight.  The lady confidently replied, "no, xenon lights have to be mounted up."  Interesting, since we later noticed the same  fixture in a hanging model in an adjacent area.  Not to mention their own website pictures the fixture as a downlight.  Returns?  Forget it.  Said light fixture shorted sending sparks flying and melting the screws.  When we went to return it, there was some big issue made of the fact they need the box from the new fixture to send the bad one back.  Okay, would a bag be too much to ask for?  Yes.  My husband ended up assembling the new fixture at the counter.  When he handed a blown bulb back to the lighting patrolman, the guy remarked "oh, maybe that's why it shorted."  Yes, we all know that every time a light bulb blows, you need a fire extinguisher nearby and an American Express card handy to replace the fixture.  And if that's not enough to dissuade you, we also purchased two different drawer pulls.  The gal scanned them as two of the same item.  When we went to return both, it was a fiasco since "they couldn't make the return on the one that wasn't scanned because their inventory would be wrong."  Uh, isn't it wrong already?  Wouldn't the return actually correct the inventory?

I can't even imagine attempting to do a major project through this store.  But how I love to look at all the pretty new ranges and showers.   Even if I have to put up with my husband begging me to sit on a toilet and pose for a picture.
We have been shopping at The Great Indoors for over ten years in several different states. I'm always surprised by the vast number of choices they offer. Their major competition was The Home Depot's Expo stores, and they closed over a year ago. Since then we're in here twice a month always looking for new idea for the house. 

If you haven't tried the Great Indoors, and you are looking for tile ideas for the bathroom, granite counters for the kitchen, new bedding or kitchen appliances, I would highly recommend a visit!
The Great Indoors Cafe' is also known as Dazbog and serves really good coffee. I come here a few times a week and always enjoy the folks behind the counter and the pastries. They also have a flat screen tuned usually to the Food Network or the Golf Channel.
We really, really enjoy shopping at The Great Indoors!

We have been coming to this location for only three years, but have shopped at several stores in four different states.  Our experience is always the same, Sears has a quality operation on their hands in The Great Indoors.  

The appliance department keeps you up to date with emails on future sales.  The housewares always seem to have new merchandise coming in every couple of weeks.  Lighting is just fun to shop for ideas for the house.  Just great all around!

And, when we feel tired we stop by DazBog for some coffee and something to eat.  

WOW!
I don't know how this place stays in business. There are no customers! The salespeople all stand around in a huddle waiting for the pack leader to go out for the kill. We went the other way. Lots of expensive things to buy, but nothing we wanted.
Like this place for big selection, and of course the DazBog coffee inside.  Good options for ceiling fans.  Parking is huge.
Going out of business. Run! Grab all the commercial shelving you could possibly need before the vultures come and strip the place!
Unfortunately, since this fab store is closing, they could care less about their customers.  They will tell you that you can return something even though they will be closing soon...and they won't honor this policy.  I bought several door knobs for my remodel and ended up with 2 too many (Baldwin knobs) and they wouldn't take them back even though they specifically told me they would.
Boring big box stores that you can find everywhere else, yet again.  Yawn.  

Thumbs up for:

* Dave and Buster's
* a handful of unique restaurants and independent stores
* interesting layout of "The District"
Retailopolis - that's an urban slang word I coined when I moved to Phoenix nearly two years ago. You see, no such thing exists where I'm from. Sure, you'll find your traditional mall and the occasional plaza in Oklahoma City, but nothing like a Tempe Marketplace that is a mini-world of consumerism. 

But, out of all the outrageous retail developments I've seen, this is my favorite of its kind. (I can't, for some reason, stand Desert Ridge or Mesa Riverview.) Perhaps it's the design or even the landscaping, but I admit I am drawn here. Not because I have to go to every single store (I don't even know all of what's here), but because out of all the the places to shop, this one stresses me out the least. It's true!

I guess I should admit the fact that I don't really like shopping. And I hate malls. So, yes, this is a pretty big deal: 3 stars from me for a Retailopolis. 

In any case, here's a couple reasons I'd go here:

*Barnes & Noble - Every big development needs a huge book store. Sure, it's not your mom and pop's establishment, but it's books, music, magazines, maps and everything else you want to distract yourself with, including coffee and amazing deserts (a few from Cheesecake Factory). Try the PB Cookie, though. It's my fave.

*World Market - Ah, the wine you'll find here! Prices are reasonable and the selection is great. Organized by country, you'll be able to, in the matter of minutes, explore the world of wine. They sell some of my faves here, including Acacia, Row Eleven, Sexto. Plus, you'll be able to explore other brands that offer new alternatives, including Mark West. If wine's not your thing, check out the beer selection. While limited, it may surprise you with some of what they offer. As for everything else, I could take it or leave it. After all, if I wanted candles or dinner sets, I'd shop elsewhere. 

*Target - Sure as hell beats Wal-Mart, which I haven't stepped foot in for over 4 years. C'mon, it's the "upscale discounter." Need I say more?

There are so many other stores here, too, including Old Navy, Ross and JC Penny. Not to mention they've built restaurants around the area for hungry shoppers. Only, instead of seeing a hoard of mediocre pubs, I'm excited to see there's a place that offers sushi and one that offers tea. (Kabuki and Tea Infusion, respectively.)

Of course, maybe I spoke too soon. For if you visit the Web site, you'll see the plans for development, which includes more places to dine and several more stores, including Wet Seal, Hot Topic, Buckle, Levi's and Sam's Club. (Ugh. I hate anything Sam Walton....)

Yes, there is a Dave & Buster's here, if that's your thing. It's an okay time. Just don't expect to stumble into anything you wouldn't find at Desert Ridge. 

What else? 
Oh yes, the music. When you get out of your car, you instantly hear music playing throughout the parking lot. It varies, from Matchbox 20 to tunes you'd hear at a lounge. 

Even better, every Third Thursday of the month, they offer free live music. (This was also the place for the SoCo Music Experience, which was free admission with great acts like Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and Cold War Kids). 

I admit it, I do like this place. My only beef would be 1. Traffic and 2. Parking.  It seems they could have done a better job of engineering the traffic flow and organizing the parking lots to reduce the amount of confused stops and cross-traffic turns as possible. But, hey, that's just me thinking down the road - when people begin to swarm this place and neglect to turn their attention on their driving, instead of the racks and aisles of clothes and goodies awaiting them.

For me, that's the biggest turn-off. You see, this place offers SO much, it's going to be a mad house, no matter what day or time you go. I've gone in the middle of the afternoon and was shocked to see the parking lot packed with vehicles. So, while I may want to go here, I probably won't. I just can't deal with swarms of shoppers. That's the entire reason I avoid malls and do most of my shopping online. Blasted! But sometimes it's fun to go wander around stores and stumble into a new shirt of pair of pants you can't live without... 

Come to think of it, why can't people leave a good thing alone? Must there be a Restaurant Row with 10 different places to grab a bite? Must there be stores stacked upon stores stacked upon stores? I mean, it's such a turn-off to know that you're going to have to deal with a ridiculous amount of people on any given day... and that you can't enjoy just walking around the area, exploring boutiques and shops you've never seen. You're always going to be dodging "crazy shopping people" and "big lady purses." Ugh. Just thinking about that makes me want to hide.

When in doubt, arm yourself with a map before you venture here.
http://www.tempemarketplace.com/marketplace-map/marketplace-map-new.aspx

Don't forget your compass!
Someone is really going to need to explain to me why there is a trend to long-sprawling outdoor malls with only one level and all the stores facing inward. I park at one end of "The District" and have to walk what seems like 3/4 of a mile or so to the other end to see all the stores, only to find that my choices are now to walk back past the same 3/4 miles of stores or walk alongside the brickwall backs of said stores.

Other then Tea Infusion, the Harkins theatre, Dave and Buster's, and maybe the Chipotle I don't think there is any establishment I would frequent in said "District". Not even an Express or French Connection or some clothing store that I might shop at. Why not just go to Fashion Square/old town Scottsdale?

BevMo is the only place I found in stores outside the District that I couldn't already just go to at Camelback Colonnade or any mall I've ever visited in my life. 

They had a great opportunity to build something interesting and of value to the growing professional Tempe community after Cardinals Stadium pulled out, but really, really wasted this space. Except when Girl Talk played in the parking lot.
Pluses:
- Dave & Buster's
- BevMo!
- Finally a Barnes & Noble near my home

Minuses
- Horrible traffic flow in the parking lot
- Often ridiculous crowds, drawn by ??? There's nothing all that unique within this shopping center.

This place is awfully disappointing, just a complete clusterfuck when you want to attempt a 10 minute errand, and I don't imagine the parking lot will be any better once the Sam's Club opens.
If I were an undergraduate at ASU and/or under the age of 21, I would probably love Tempe Marketplace. It's got a lot of stores that those groups would love to shop in...GAP, Buckle, Pac Sun, Old Navy and Charlotte Russe just to name a few.  Plus there are a lot of restaurants and places to eat, which would be appealing I suppose.

The only reason I go to Tempe Marketplace is for Target and Best Buy because they are the closest to my house.  We tried the movie theatre over there last night...big mistake. Not only were there tons of teeny-boppers just walking around and "hanging out" (remember when you went to the mall and movie theatre in middle school and high school just to hang out?? god, I can't believe I ever did that), but parking was horrible, as it is ever time I go to the Marketplace.  Lastly, I don't find Tempe Marketplace walkable for such an "outdoor destination". Old Navy, Pier 1, Target, Famous Footwear are over here and the movie theater, restaurants, and mall type stores are way over there. It is way too spread out to just park once and then walk everywhere you might want to go.
I love that Tempe Marketplace is here - it's so convenient to have all of these stores so close to me. The movie theater is brilliant and the list of stores and restaurants is wonderful. It's also in a beautiful area that will only become more beautiful as time goes on. To walk around this mall is also pleasant as it is open and clean and well laid out. Parking isn't the best, but it's not the worst either.

So what's wrong? Well, all of the stores are shitty versions of those stores. The Target here sucks... they don't carry jack shit. Same goes for The Buckle - huge store, carries nothing. Go to the location in Chandler mall and see what I mean. Same goes for Best Buy and the rest of the stores in this place... all carrying just a small percentage of what these stores normally carry.

I'm hopeful that the stores will start carrying their full stock like their other stores do, but until then - this place just barely earns 3 stars.
Pretty nice. Parking somewhat tight but nothing too bad. Common slew of standard shops with a few once i never seen before thrown in for a good measure. Its nice that you walk outside and i think even in the summer its not going to be too bad as it seems there will be plenty of shade. Of course, its super new so everything is nice and clean and all. I would not drive there for miles and miles, but if its somewhat near by its totally worth checking out.

"I like"

Eugene
I find myself here nearly every other week because of the Target/PetSmart combo conveniently located by my job. I really loathe it. Overdone design, creepy constant music, the fact that the mall's outdoors, terrible parking lot planning....

Oh. And it shoots lasers.

Seriously.

Lasers! Are you freaking kidding?!? I guess this falls under "overdone design."

I have had surprisingly good experiences at the movie theater here, though. There are a lot of teens, but for some reason they seem to misbehave less at Tempe Marketplace than at Chandler Fashion Square. Maybe I've just been lucky.
I know why people hate new shopping developments like Tempe Marketplace and Desert Ridge Marketplace - there is something unsettling about creating a place where people walk around and pretend they are actually in an urban area, and not suburbia. That being said, I am a big fan of places where you can go and walk around because, hey, we, as modern folks, do a lot driving and sometimes, there's something nice about getting out of the car and walking around, stopping to shop or eat if you choose. Of course, Mill Avenue is a great place to walk around and certainly features a few more authentic restaurants, but it, too, has very commercialized elements. Until Phoenix has a proper downtown, where diverse groups of people come to explore, feel the pulse of urban life, and experience all that a big center has to offer, people will look for substitutes for this true urban experience in more commercialized locations. If this downtown emerges, shame on the people who still only seek out little suburban havens. Tempe Marketplace is clean, has a few unique store offerings, and has wonderful misters. I may not seek it out often, but I don't have a major problem with its existence.
These mega corporate shopping places are not going away anytime soon. I would so much prefer to be walking along a "real" city scape or downtown, but I don't think it's gonna happen anytime soon for us Valley residents.   Whatever, this place is OK  every now and again I guess. I'll try not to patronize the crappy chain restaurants, I swear, just maybe the movies and buy some shoes or something.
I find myself here almost every weekend for one thing or another. Enjoy going walking around a little shopping, a movie, lunch.. a drink.. 
best place in town to for this... which really isn't saying much. 

Every third thursday have a concert going on - usually by an up coming band or had a hit album 5yrs ago havent done much since  still fun to check out though.
Your average outside mini mall.. Typical stores that you'd see in any major shopping area.. American Eagle, Journey's, Target, Old Navy, Best Buy etc.. Have a Movie theatre which I've never been in but looking a the number of people outside of it, its probably always packed.. 

Restaurants.. they have some decent chains and some ones I've never heard of.. Slices, Chipotle, Dave and Busters, Some steak/BBQ places and a mixture of everything else.. 

I've never really been there for much.. The thing I like about it is that it is good for quick shopping.. Going to a regular mall can take forever, going to Tempe Market,  If one of the shops is one you need to go to this place has so much parking and ins and outs, makes it so much easier.. 

So more or less it is good for quick trips, to hang-out.. good if you are in high school or middle school..?
I shop here at least once a week.  I live in downtown Scottsdale and this is the closest shopping center that has almost everything I need.  It's convenient, although the mix of stores and restaurants is not remarkable.  

Having said that, there is something about the design of this center that bugs me.  The colorful angled architectural "things"  jutting out from the buildings and the large graphics in the parking lots make the place look already dated, and it's brand new!  It reminds me of  Scottsdale Pavilions at Indian Bend and Pima, which has gone downhill dramatically over the years.  It's just kind of cheesy...
Dear Tempe Marketplace,

This is the most upsetting place I can think of in my immediate vicinity. If I ever commit suicide, it will be here.

You really are an easy target, aren't you? 

Your "authentic" restaurants of every variety aren't fooling anyone.

Don't get me started on the unwalkable parking lot that I'm forced to traverse in order to hit Target and the Coffee Bean in the same trip. 

And for fuck's sake, stop playing '90s top 40 songs in the parking lot. At earsplitting levels. If I wanted to listen to Matchbox 20, I'd do it at home, alone, in total shame, like a normal person. 

Waste of space, waste of resources, waste of time.

But I'll totally be back next week when I need TP or want to see a movie, k? 

See you then!
Sara
Little Las Vegas with all their cultural imitation crap, except without the fun.
Ok. Outside mall FTL. Second, too far spread out. Now, great place to watch a movie. Cheeburger Cheeburger was fun.  Had a coffee with the wife and sat on the couches outside for a little romanticle evening. Shops are trendy and nice, nowhere I'd shop, but nice.  I don't come here a lot, but when I do it's enjoyable.
Nice to sit and people watch for sure... not as much fun if you want to go to Target and either dinner or a movie without moving the car.

I do like all the seating areas and water/fire features they have.
just. kill. me. now. 

Heinous parking - even middle of the day! Ridiculous to get around and so crowded it gives me hives. I will travel to the PetSmart on Elliott rather than here just to avoid it. Will bring small child to matinee only - and even then, only during the week. 

Completely not fun. On any level.
OK, I'm sure I am going to get flack for this, but I really like going to Tempe Marketplace.

We are not a city like New York or Boston where we have shops and restaurants intertwined with the city. We have shopping plazas and the types of retailers that prevail are corporate chains. 

Personally I enjoy being able to get a shit load of shopping done in one place. I get pick up stuff for the pooch at Petsmart, get my household items at Target, grab an extra throw pillow at Linens and Things, check out the deals at Ross, grab lunch at one of the many places they have to eat, grab some new bras and panties at Victoria's Secret, check out the latest blockbuster at the movie theater, buy new sunglasses at one of the few sunglass shops, get funky with some new tights from Hot Topic and get some comfy PJ's at Gap Body all while sucking down an iced coffee from Starbucks watching one of the many free live bands they have playing on the weekends.

I'm not sure whats wrong with any of that?

I agree, parking is a pain, but can you imagine how much worse it would be to have to park, go into any one of those stores, then get back in your car, drive to your next destination, park, shop, return to your car, drive to the next destination.... wash, rinse, repeat.

This place gets a bad wrap, but I love it and I'm stickin to that.
If you were going to build a shopping center next to a dry river bed, over former garbage dumps, Tempe Marketplace would be the result.

The Hastings and Hastings of architecture firms must be responsible for this one:  "We specialize in parking lots surrounded by stores.  Our idea of curb appeal is big, honking steel signs to attract the eye of  people in cars moving 70 miles per hour.  We also work with your community to ensure the drive to our facility is not a straight shot.  If our shopping center doesn't look significantly dated in 10 years, we haven't done our job."

My family is tired of me mentioning how much I dislike Tempe Marketplace everytime we pass it on the 202.
Mill Ave bars number 2??

I would normally give this 2 stars, but the Harkins is the reason why I visit this place.

The lasers confuse me and make me think of that Jennifer Lopez song 'Waiting for Tonight'... 

I wish this place had better stores. A  few cool places that I stop by if I'm there are Tea Infusion, Levis store, and Barnes and Noble.
Tempe Marketplace is Desert Ridge's bigger, huskier, more intense yet slightly dumber brother. Made by the same development company, the layout of the place is similar (but worse) to D.R. with "The District" in the center, and the big stores surrounding it, separated by a vast impenetrable wasteland of parking lot. The District is an admirable concept I think. It's like a traditional mall but at least there's an attempt to move forward on it by making it outdoors? That's cool when it's nice out, but when it's 139 degrees out, the misters are in full amazon jungle force. The biggest gripe I have about the place is the layout of the place. The design is horrendous. 

First of all, it just irritates me how the giant flashy signs face the 202, beckoning unknowing, random passersby to come shop there. Meanwhile, the entire shopping center's fat ass is planted firmly and stubbornly toward Tempe, the city it's supposed to represent. The drive past Tempe Marketplace on Rio Salado features a glorious view of the backs of Pier One and Old Navy and Target's loading docks. It's ugly. And most importantly, it didn't need to be designed that way. 

Secondly, this place is one of the least pedestrian friendly strip malls in Tempe. Which is shitty because it's also one of the newest. Our planning and development should be propelling forward, not going backward. Does the developer know anything about the city it's in? Does it represent that? If you're going to create a mega structure like Tempe Marketplace, shouldn't it at least vaguely represent the qualities of its city? Tempe Marketplace is impossible to walk around when you're outside The District. If you wanted to, for example, walk from BevMo to Pier One, you must first throw yourself into a the middle of  a harrowing situation. There are no well designed sidewalks or walkways across the meandering, confusing road systems. You must just walk across the parking lot. Between the speeding frat boys in Mustangs and the SUV driving soccer moms who've gotta get to Sport Chalet FAST and have no time for pedestrians, Tempe Marketplace simply does not account for two major facts about its environment, and thus its consumer: people will be walking, and people will be riding bikes. And it didn't need to be designed that way. 

And then there's Big Brother-esque advertisements that are going on via loud speaker all the time. What's up with that? I love the one with the most anglo sounding chick they can find harping about how great "San Feleep's" cafe is. You can't even pronounce the place's name right and you're doing an ad for it? But the music is hilarious. Sometimes it sounds like a gay club circa 1992 out there. It's like all Whitney and Technotronic. Makes me grin. 

The good thing is that the Orbit (Earth) goes through T.M. The bad thing is that the Light Rail should have been a bit more accessible. Other than that, hopefully Tempe Marketplace can be an example of what not to do for other developers of similar places in the future.
WHY I SHOP HERE:
1) PetSmart, closer to where I live (Frou-Frou Cat Food ~ Check)
2) Best Buy, closer than Fiesta (Rarely On-Sale DVDs ~ Check)
3) Cost Plus World Market, closer than Fiesta & not yet out of business (Coffee Syrups ~ Check)
4) Michael's, closer to where I live (Floating Frames ~ Check)

To summarize, it's closer to where I live.
It's a large strip mall.  

You have to drive to stores because if you need something on one end of the 'mall' you're not going to want to walk across the huge surface of blacktop to the other side.

But more importantly...what I seriously don't get.  People congregate at this mall on Fri/Sat night like it's a club.  

You're shopping, or you've seen a movie, you walk into the main section of the mall--down by the movie theater and suddenly you've walked into a drinking and smoking, obnoxious mob of 30something party people.  Wtf?  Are the bar options in Tempe so bad that a mall-restaurant/bar is as good as it gets?

Oh straight people, I adore your quirks!!
It is time for an expedition to Tempe Marketplace. What will I need?

1.) Earplugs to block out the abysmal 1990s music incessantly blaring from its speakers.

2.) A bottle of chilled water to drink while traversing its endless parking lagoon between "District" and "Grande Boxes."

3.) An empty wallet so I don't buy all the mass-produced cr#p for sale.

4.) A full stomach so I am not tempted by chain restaurants with mediocre food, but amazing "flare."

Last, but not least....

5.) Airplane tickets to a real "marketplace" in Europe or Latin America for all the consumer drones wandering around this depressing place.

Tempe Marketplace, you are a "FAIL."
Ok, I've read some of the reviews here and I honestly can't disagree more.  Sure, it's a big, outdoor strip mall.  Yes, there are nothing but chains here but honestly, practically everyone I know shops at Target, Barnes and Noble, or any one of the other hundred retailers that are here.  If you want a mom and pop store, this is not the place to find it.  That being said, Tempe Marketplace is what it is.....take it or leave it.  

In California these types of places are fairly commonplace.  I see them here but on a much smaller level than Tempe Marketplace.  The real drawback here is that it is an outdoor mall so who is going to go there in the middle of the day during the summer when it's 115 outside? Not me!!  But the rest of the year, when it's nice....yes, I can see myself meandering around, browsing the stores, having a bite to eat and going to the movies.  I've been here once on a late Sunday afternoon.....lots of folks were eating at the restaurants and going to the movies.  Still more were just walking around window shopping since most of the stores close between 5 and 7 on Sunday.  

I liked the Tempe Marketplace so sue me.  The only drawback to me is that it's outdoors and there is no garage parking for when it does get ungodly hot.  I'm sure you could fry an egg in the parking lot in the summer.  I like mine scrambled though.
I only came to Tempe Marketplace for the proximity to ASU, since I lived in the dorms. It's pretty nice when you think of it that way- it's closer than AZ Mills, has a Harkins and a Target, the godsend of retail stores for college students (right behind Walmart, of course). But then you come here to actually walk around and shop and it's like, who the hell designed this place?

I agree with all the people below about the layout of this place. It plain sucks. It's outdoors and way too spread out. With a capital every letter. The middle part's full of small boutiques and expensive restaurants (except the Chipotle corner). The outer circle has retail stores worth shopping at (Target, Best Buy, Michael's, etc), but they're soooo far out that you would rather waste gas driving to them and finding a parking spot than walking a mile to the outer circle and a mile to every store in the outer circle. Especially when it's the middle of frickin summer and you can feel the heat coming off the ground through your flip flops.

Besides the sucky layout, the mall's pretty nice looking- they have a fireplace, water fountain, stage, Harkins, and Dave & Busters (aka the Other Gameworks). They like to play loud music though, to appeal to the college crowd, I guess.
To all the bad, over written, over analyzed, reviews of the Tempe Marketplace: Your in f"n Tempe for chr*st sake, get over it.

This place is an awesome magnum opus of modern day corporate capitalism - I love it.
If you need more stuff and trust me (loooook into my eyes) "you do need more stuff", then this is the place to go.  They have taken every cultural trend that can possibly be squeezed out of our generation and puked it all up into one enormous strip mall. If you can't find something that you enjoy in this place then you are just, simply put, "un-American" (in fact you're probably a terrorist).
I could spend my whole weekend at this place.  The flat, hot and boring landscape of Tempe should be absolutely honored to have a place like this to go to. 

I'm looking forward to my big sushi meal at the Kabuki in about 1 hour' Mmmmmmmm mmmm good... And since I have to walk by almost every store while getting my lost *ss through the well planned labrynth and back to my car I just might stop a bit to spend too much money on a pair of Levis, a couple new super-trendy T's, maybe a pair of Oakleys.  Ooooh! maybe the new Transformers movie is playing at the theatre there.
It's an outdoor mall like the Biltmore, but nowhere near as upscale or charming. It likewise attracts a different customer-base, typically a college crowd, high school teenyboppers who can't wait to be the next sorority slut and families with unbridled children running amok. It's one of the newest additions to the shifting mall structure in the Valley, combining that consumerist cluster in the center encircled with an archipelago of boxy stores. The parking lot is a fiasco and confusing in some places. I can't say I really like most of the stores there and the ones I do like have chain stores nearer to my apartment than the Tempe Marketplace. On top of that, I can't stand children and one trip to this shopping spot will make you wonder how the eight-year-old kids of today will run this country in the future. Whining and throwing tantrums to get their way? They seem to have figured out that works on their parents. On the plus side it's clean and modern... and I can't really think of any other pluses.
I get the trashy reviews and I would give this place a trashy review if it weren't that it provides a lot of what i need in an attractive manner.  I'd rather go to this Target or World Market than other ones.

I really wish this place wouldn't have killed Mill Ave. but I don't hate it that much.  There is simply no beating 'em and there is a must to joining sometimes.  There just are no boutiques selling huge packs of T.P. or flat screens at comparable prices.

Gentrified?  Yes.  Too much garish parking lot?  Yes.  Clothing and dry goods? Yes.  Movieplex?  Yes.  Chipotle and Mojo? Yes.
Over the past year and a half that this place has been open, I have had enough time to really absorb and think about how to write a review for this place. Each time I have been there, its usually been for the same things, and Ive had, to some degree, about the same experience while I have been there. But, each time I return, I find another reason to either like or hate this place. Like the music selection for this place. Enough music from 1995/Rob Thomas's "smooth Album" to make anyone nuts. and so much more. READ ON my friends, READ ON! 

Reasons to like Tempe Marketplace: 
A) They have a great selection of stores here. Target, Michael's, Best Buy, Old Navy and a few others that make me happy. These are just a few of the stores that surround the location! There's more inside! 

B) Great Movie theatre in here. also, a lot of restaurants to dine out at as well. Yippie! 

C)They have stages for performances, and its a lot of fun to see bands play on the weekends when the weather is nice. Place is also clean, and I like the decorations and seating options here as well. 

Reasons to hate it 
A) HORRIBLE parking and driving is just as bad here. There are about a zillion stop signs and 4 way stops, and if you try to come out of one of the parking lots (like lets say from Barnes and Noble) into the driving part of the road, its impossible to get in and out of that lot, especially on a busy weekend evening. 

B)This place is so spread out. you literally cant park in front of Target and think your going to walk to Lucille's, or anywhere within reason. Why did they do that? Not all of us want to take that hike to Ruby Tuesdays from Target. Especially when its 115. BAD! 

C) Last night is a prime example of the "little things" that I keep noticing. I was trying to locate a directory because I was trying to remember what restaurants were in the area and to discuss with the person that was with me as to where we were going to eat. This is a normal course of action that occurs when you go out with others. We walked to a directory area, and it was loaded with advertisements!! NO DIRECTORY. UGH. 

D) Lastly, THEY PLAY THE WORST OVERHEAD MUSIC AS WELL. If I have to hear one more Matchbox 20/Rob Thomas song while I am here, I am going to yell and scream. Its like 1995 ALL over again. Please put something on from the last 5 years please!
I'm glad something was built on the old landfill, but seriously, THIS is what we got?! (If it was like San Tan Village I would be thrilled.) Instead, we get an abomination of a strip mall, with a parking lot that I'm convinced was designed by a drunk 6 year old, and some of the worst big box stores in history. (Who, besides my grandmother, shops at JCPennys and Ross?)
There are simply not enough good reasons/stores to go here. It's the worst of suburbia plopped down in a prominent location off the 202 and 101.
I don't like being only negative, so I will say that sometimes they have live music in "The district" and I've seen some good local bands.
I really like this mall. Its outdoors and high tech. From our lunch at CPK I could watch the Lakers/Celtics game on a big screen television situated in the middle. There are a ton of stores to choose from: Best Buy, Target, and all the regular stores you see in a mall like Hot Topic, Victoria's Secret, and Tilly's. My friend told me that at night there are lasers that go across the whole mall which I think is cool. There is a lot to choose from for nourishment options as well. They play music really loud which was kind of annoying. i can see why over the summer it may not be very nice because of the heat but, on a 70 degree day like today, I liked it. Parking was terrible which is why I was glad I didn't drive. I'll probably end up going back for all my shopping needs.
When it comes to shopping, I avoid going to this place at all costs.  Parking almost always sucks, and I guess I don't frequent it enough to know which end to park on to get to the one store I need to visit.  On my most recent visit, I tried using the interactive directory to help me find my way, and it was a miserable failure.  Yeah, it's very cool that it shows your little footprints walking from your current location to your destination, but it doesn't have anything labeled on the rest of the map to give you any sort of point of reference as to which way you should go.  Good idea in theory.  Maybe the next model will be better.  

They have a lot of the standard chain sit down restaurants and some standard mall food court type of places but I'm generally not a fan of those so I've never eaten there.

The only thing that earns this place an additional star is the little splash pad they have for kids.  I've brought my stepdaughter here numerous times to play and look forward to bringing our little one this summer.
Tempe Marketplace probably doesn't deserve to be reviewed, but you know what?  I'm doin' it anyway!

There's a lot to be said of the place that sucks, so that's what I'm going to do, right now:

1.  As a shopping center, it's not too convenient because you pretty much have to drive everywhere within the center.  The Target is a 10 minute walk from the movies and the Best Buy is a 15 minute walk from the BevMo.  I'm not lazy-ass (okay, I am, but not when it comes to walking), but this is a shopping center, a "marketplace" if you will, things should be a stone's throw from each other.  Considering how the place is laid out, if you do this enough times on foot, you're bound to get hit by a car.  You're going to be like, "Yay, I bought Mario Galaxy 2, now I'm going to get a bottle of--BOOM!!" and you're dead.  

2.  I ride my bike everywhere and, yeah, like I said earlier, I'm terrified of getting smacked by a car.  There are no bike lanes and sidewalks that end randomly.

3.  Got my bike light stolen there once and I held a grudge.

4.  The place reeks of Axe Bodyspray.  

There are, however, benefits to it:

1.  It's not trashy.  As lame as it sounds, this is really important sometimes.  Sometimes trashy things are delightfully fun, but when trashiness is not applied correctly it can end with terrible things happening (tweekers stripping down naked and crying).  Tempe Marketplace is definitely the kind of place that wouldn't know how to do trashy correctly, they'd end up having some redneck bar where people constantly homophobic things.  Sometimes I appreciate a place where I can bring my mom without having to explain what some graffitied wall said.  "Mom, it's when a man and a man love each other very much...."

2.  Most places there to plug your gut are at least pretty okay.  No McDonald's, nothing like that.  Most places you stop into have a pretty decent spread with a bar and you can eat pretty well.  I like that.

3.  The combination of having a movie theater and a Dave and Busters is a great one.  You can have a few shots and beers, shoot some zombies in the face and then watch whatever stupid action movie is playing this Summer.

4.  Plenty of bike racks.  Even though the place is terrifying on your bike, once you get to your destination, you'll have plenty of places to lock up.

It levels out.  I kind of appreciate that it exists.
The valley has lots of shopping malls/centers, and they're rather hit and miss, more often being "miss" than "hit." Tempe Marketplace would definitely fall into the "miss" category. First off, the location isn't real great, it's located next to a junkyard practically and it's along an unattractive stretch of highway with not really any scenic views in sight. Secondly, it can get crowded and it's pain to walk around it sometimes and stores are often located far from one another. Also, the stores here are stores you'd find anyway else basically and the same stores here have better locations in other shopping complexes. Lastly, it's a pain to park and drive around Tempe Marketplace's complex. 

If you live in the area Tempe Marketplace is located in, then you'd probably come here some, but otherwise I wouldn't make a trip here. Seriously, just drive a little bit further to Scottsdale Fashion Square.
I'm so surprised to see all the bad reviews of this place. The parking could be better but considering the closest alternative is Mill Ave...I'd say the parking is great in comparison. 

The idea of an outdoor mall in Arizona sort of bothers me at first. In the summer this place isn't exactly a prime spot but any other season it's perfect. What other outdoor malls do we have? There's Desert Ridge which personally I can't stand. It's full of loud preteens and ridiculous Scottsdale moms. We used to have the Pavillions but may it RIP. The people you find in the Marketplace are a pretty even mixture. You don't see too many college kids or tons of old people. It's equal all around.

I don't mind that everythings spread out. When the weathers nice I enjoy walking around (especially at night with all the lights). During the summer you just drive from one spot to another. It's really not that hard. 

As far as the music goes...it's never really bothered me that much unless it's the holidays.  But I think everyone can relate to getting annoyed by hearing ITS THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF THE YEAR, over and over and over again. It's not like they play it that loud anyways unless you're in the parking lot.

Overall I think it's a pretty solid shopping center. During the summer, stick to Fiesta Mall. But if it's nice out, enjoy yourself. It's gorgeous and fun!
I absolutely love this place and truly wished I lived closer. I am a big fan of outdoor malls and there is something for almost everyone here. I say almost because there is only one store that my husband is interested in shopping in. But...this review is about me not him! ;) For me, I love the mix of more well-known clothing stores and local boutiques. I love that there a number of different restaurants to suit your taste in addition to the cheaper eateries such as Paradise Bakery, Chipotle, ColdStone Creamery, etc. In the summer, they have the misters going and in the winter, it is the fireplace. There is also a Harkins movie theater. Apart from the middle strip of shops, I like that I can hit up a Target, Ulta, BevMo in one stop. Who cares if I need to drive across the marketplace, the key thing is that I don't have to drive across town to find shops that are all in one place...so convenient. I don't get the parking complaints from other reviewers. How is that the fault of the marketplace? There is an over-abundance of parking spots, but it can be hard to find a spot due its popularity. If you are a bargain shopper, you can go to their website and print out coupons for its shops. My husband and daughter got BOGO frozen yogurt from Mojo Yogurt today. There is also a little splash pad in the middle of the shops that is great for the little ones. This is a great place to cover anything you might need.
This is a sketchy collection of crappy stores all piled into one mall. We went to Carlos Santana's Maria Maria's which was really in a funky place and out of character for this spot.....tons of low-end chain stores, reminded my of the Auburn (WA) factory outlet mall
Well I must agree with the reviews that speak to the fact that 1.) The music there does suck....2.) The parking and driving around the marketplace sucks......3.) If you park at one store and plan to walk to another store you really like forget about that, because the stores are spaced far apart....and finally most of the stores you can probably find right in your neighborhood....so this locale is not worth the hassle.

I do however agree that there are great stores there and it is kind of like the desert ridge mall here in the east valley.....minus all the things I said above....LOL.  Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends....just maybe not at this location.
I remember my first visit to TMP...a few years ago, construction was still not complete. I met a friend of mine at the main stage to watch Authority Zero play as part of some semi-grand opening celebration.  

A few years later I have found myself there a few times to meet friends for dinner, a movie, drinks and a little shopping. I've enjoyed sitting out by their large fireplace especially in the fall through early spring.  I still marvel at the lights as I pass on the 202.  

I don't know that enough people appreciate some of the nice spots we have in the Valley...maybe they just take it for granted.
A very generous three stars for Tempe Marketplace, only because it's a half mile from my apartment, has Ross, PetSmart, and a movie theater.

The rest SUCKS. It's WAY too busy. Whoever designed that parking lot had a serious, fatal case of ADD. Seriously. There are curves EVERYWHERE.

AND.... what the F is up with that music? Every time I hear it, I'm just... confused. It's terrible... like elevator music mated with easy listening mated with emo, and then the result of that three way had a bastard child with Justin Beiber... THAT music is the resultant horror.

The mall cops make me laugh. They harass me for smoking by the ashtray. This is a pretty simple issue: Don't put an ashtray there if I can't smoke by it (plus I confirmed with mall management that I CAN SMOKE THERE - just not "inside" the open air mall).

The stores are trying too hard to be cool, hip, trendy... but (for the most part) don't make the cut. Much like the wanna-be-scene-so-bad-it-hurts bars, actually.

Really, I was going to give it one or two stars because it messes up my commute since idiots are always headed there in droves and it's right near my apartment.

Then, I thought about the people watching. The sorostitutes at Target buying fluffy pillows and Starbucks, coming out of Best Buy with the cute new laptop their daddy just bought them. The jocks pretending to be badasses at Dave & Busters. The foreign ASU students chittering amongst themselves in a surreal world... ENDLESS POTENTIAL.

The entertaining patrons rescued Tempe Marketplace and bought it at least one extra star.

-Jessica
garbage!!!!! people, parking, & stores!!!!!!!!!! lol, avoid it @ all costs!!!!!!!!!!
Most of the stores in the main plaza are target, ross, michael's, pier 1 imports, etc.. but if you walk over to the little strip mall section they have G by Guess, Victoria's Secret, Hot Topic, Aeropostale, Claire's, As You Wish, and a handful of boutiques.. Although the store selection isn't very large I do appreciate the presence of the boutique shops and lesser known chains like Hottie, a Las Vegas based store that sells clothing similar to Charlotte Russe, Forever21, Wet Seal, etc.. This gave me the opportunity to find clothes that 50 other people wouldn't be wearing at school the next day.. I was able to find a really cute crochet swimsuit cover-up so that was exciting because I've been searching for quite some time now, and all the shops that sell swimsuits exclusively charge $50-70 for a cover-up.. I got one for $29 (after tax) at Hottie and it's great! Also, the Tempe Marketplace has live music every Saturday night and during the day they had some kind of entertainment show.. I didn't stick around to watch because there were a bunch of clowns (literally) sitting around and it freaked me out! Seemed like a cool scene though because it was packed with people and tents selling beer [: I might drop by here again next time I'm in town..
I love the Tempe Marketplace! So much fun and lively people there. So many shops to check and restaurants to eat at. I will definitely be making more trips here once we move to Arizona.
This place reminds me of the Irvine Spectrum.  I like it a lot.  Here's why:

+ It's an outdoor mall.  I like walking around in the sun.  When it gets hot, there are tons of misters to keep you cool.

+ Easy parking.  There's plenty of parking around the mall.

+ Easy access to freeways.  The 101 & 202 freeways are very close.

+ Great selection of stores, food court, and restaurants.

+ The nightlife is pretty cool.  There are a few bars/restaurants where people hang out and party.

Overall, it's a fun place with a great vibe.

Return Factor - 100%
I really like Tempe marketplace. I think there's a pretty good selection of box anchor stores as well as smaller stores to walk around and shop. In terms of restaurants we haven't been super impressed by anything in particular. The ones I've been to, have only been that one time, haven't gone back for a second round. 

I think a nice job went into planning the decor. I think the firepits and water features are cool and during the holidays we try to stop by to check out the decorations each year.  

We probably visit here mostly for the movie theater and I have a weakness for World Market. A negative for me would be the parking lot plan. There's plenty of parking to be had by all, but the entrance off of Hayden is terrible, exiting there is even worse (having to make a left where Ulta is is just poor planning). Sometimes I don't want to deal and I end up at Pavilions for my Michael's fix.
I love this place.  I love the outdoors, perfect location, seems to be eventful and fun. Always a place to go when there is no place to go.

Clean, and bright. Modern... I sometimes like to just hang on the couches outside and people watch. It can be fun.
This place is a navigation disaster that lacks character. Of any kind.

I remember the first time I went to Tempe Marketplace, shortly after moving as it had a lot of things I was needing to pick up to give a sense of home to the new pad. The only thing other than that I remember is that I left so frustrated and mind blown that I needed ice cream therapy stat. 

If you're headed to the parking lots near Lucille's and what not to head to the main strip of smaller stores, you will probably find yourself not knowing where to park in order to get to the specific store you are trying to access. You will be way off base from where you guessed you were and end up confused and lost and bitter. 

By that point, all you want to do is get the thing you came for and leave as quickly as possible. You're not going to want to stay and shop and browse or sit by the outdoor fireplace (which is on when it's hot out.. WTF).

With that being said, sometimes I still come here. Lucille's is a work favorite. BevMo is a needed stop at times and if I need to run errands at Michaels or Target after work, it's nearby. But those are the only reasons. Tempe Marketplace has become the last place I think of shopping at when I have some time to kill or feel like browsing for a new dress.
This place is great if you are planning a day full of shopping, and want to hit just one location.  There are more shops that one can possibly imagine in one place - everything from books, to lingerie,  to...  studded tongue rings!  :-)  

I like the fact that there are nice comfy chairs and lounge areas spread throughout, and that they have misters the length of the walkways.  Makes it easy to take a break midway thru the shopping trip.  

Definitely a place to go for either gettin stuff done, or if you just have nothing else to do on a Saturday afternoon!
Shopping and dining is geared towards teens it seems - in the shopping center area. There are lots of grab and go, fast like food stops and a few actual sit downs in the main hub. The shops outside in the parking lots are more for adults and the perfect place for me to spend a Sunday - Target, Michaels, Petsmart, Ross, ect.
I love Tempe marketplace!! cute shops, good eats, cool drinks. 

Good for just wandering around or sitting and people watching. they also have live music on Fridays and sometimes Saturdays as well.

Just a cool set up and cool place to hang out on a nice day or evening.
Desert Ridge, Jr is good for what it is. An outdoor mall in Tempe where a couple of major stores, a lot of small ones, and few decent places to eat and drink all come together. Tempe Market Place is the perfect spot to go when you need to go to a couple of stores, but don't want to run all over town. You can even hit up several traditional mall stores, but manage to run in and out much quicker than at the traditional malls. Parking near the The District can be a pain at times, but there almost always spots near the major stores along the outside. 

I also highly recommend Tempe Marketplace as a good spot for a cheap date night. Between Dave and Busters, the live music on Friday and Saturday nights, the other bars and restaurants, Mojo, and even the Harkins, you can easily spend a couple of hours entertaining someone at TMP.
Better than an indoor mall I suppose (except in July). I like the movie theater, Dave and Busters is occasionally fun with the kids, a few of the restaurants are decent (King's Fish House, The Keg, Lucille's BBQ and D'Arcy McGee's), and I always head to The Buckle for my jeans. Avoid the outer ring of big chain stores - the walkable "outdoor mall area" is the place to be.
I work close to this place so that's why i give it 5 stars.  Mostly for convenience.  On a hot summer day they have misters everywhere.  It's a place you can hang out with friends, bring a date, or bring the kids.  A great place to eat, hang out or shop.  I go all the time.  At least 3 times a week.  They have pretty much all the stores you look for in a regular mall.  Its clean and kept up with very well.  They also have a harkins theatre for going to the movies.  It's also in a great location next to the major freeways.  PLUS PLUS PLUS
In my opinion, this is one of the better attractions in the Phoenix metro area. When people visit, this is definitely one of the places I take them to. There is a really large variety of activities to do here. 

The main attraction is shopping. There are lots of great shopping places to go here. Then when you've expended all your energy having fun doing that, you can grab something to eat to replenish yourself at one of the surrounding restaurants. They have everything from good ol' cheap, good food to more expensive, higher-end dining. 

BUT here is the things that Tempe Marketplace offers that other "malls" usually do not. There is a main stage where a band is playing almost every night (every weekend night at least). Plus, there are fire pits, a kid's water fountain/area and seating for people to just hang out.

The winter season is one of the best times to come here. There are usually lots of fun events. The past couple of years it will "snow" at 7pm. The fire pits are also a great place to socialize when it's chilly out. I usually like to grab a tea (from Tea Fusion) or a coffee (from Starbucks or Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf), sit next to a fire pit and listen to the live music.

Overall great place to go!
Similar to Desert Ridge.  All the typical chains are here. I like the Jimmy John's for a quick lunch.
It is another mall.  After decades of malls giving up on the open air format, the fresh air model is back.  It is nice and clean.  One odd thing happened to a friend, his daughter was almost kidnapped here.  Guy just grabbed her hand, and started walking off with her.  Middle of the mall area, very brazen, so always be careful.
This place has alot of stores I love to shop at. I can spend the whole day looking down the main mall area then onto the stores surrounding it. 

Just sucks the restrooms are way out of the way, best places, near mojo yogurt, barnes&noble, and paradise bakery.. haha

On the weekend they have local bands playing on the stage and the night owls come out to play... so its fun for everyone..

Only thing I question is the signs you see around the marketplace..........Why are there only white people in them?
yes, i've heard this place "killed" mill ave, but even before it opened, it was impossible to walk down mill ave without getting almost run over by a dreadlocked white dude on a skateboard or stepping around dozens of stanky kids panhandling for money, waiting on mom to come pick them up in her Lexus.

tempe marketplace, although a bit garish, offers a safe place for people to go, sit and lounge, and shop at chain stores. which in a way, is simply kind of nice to go there at night and actually see people out and about, whether they're buying anything or not...unlike cenpho which for a big city is a huge disappointement. 

i digress. there are several lounging areas, some cool firepits and water features. there's ambient music, a lighted water fountain to play in. there are free shows every week and any number of chain eateries, from full on restaurants to coffee or ice cream. there's also a movie theater. 

when the weather is nice, it's just a neat place to go to. simple enough.
Tempe Marketplace has gone down hill. It's always been impossible to navigate, and the crowds seem to grow and grow.

It's a cool concept but nothing really "wows" me about this place. The stores are typical; it takes three times longer to find what you're looking for, especially since the digital directories are frequently broken. 

Aside from the navigational clusterfuck, it's gotten really dirty. I don't feel incredibly safe with the loiterers and drunks that hang out by Dave and Buster's and Cadillac Ranch either. 

If I were to do an outdoor mall I'd head over to Scottsdale Quarter or Kierland instead.
Tempe Markeyplace? Bah! I won't even spell it right it's not even worth the time! So hot in the summer let me tell you, only come here at night. We were wandering around not sure of what the heck to do because it is basically an outdoor mall with all of the same stores. True it is a great place to people watch but do I want to sweat like an animal especially when I'm trying to look hot in my new clothes? Billy is pretty right on the money about everything, but when is he not?
I really like this outdoor mall! Tempe Marketplace has some nice stores, good restaurants and a Harkins. My only issue with this mall is parking..it's always packed, but I don't see that many people walking around.
Dang I love Tempe Marketplace. They have it all, a huge plethora of stores to choose from for your every need. The place is kept clean, they always have visible security and there aren't ever a bunch of homeless kids running around being ab noxious. From the upscale steakhouse to the pottery painting store, I love Tempe Marketplace.
The layout of the parking lot is not that great especially the first intersection you come to entering from McClintock.  The stores are good though and there is good variety to satisfy most of your needs.  Clean shopping center with good stores.
Tempe Marketplace is a modern, clean outdoor mall with a variety of stores. For example, there is Target, BestBuy, Barnes and Noble, and Harkins Theaters. There are also a few different restaurants, including California Pizza Kitchen, Kabuki, and Red Robin. I go to Tea Infusion on every visit to get a drink before continuing with plans.

Look for shaded parking in the corners/joints of the large lots near planted trees. This market gets crowded on the weekends, so you may have to park away from the popular stores and getting in/out of the market is slow. Either way, you may need to walk across the large lots if you are going to stores that aren't in the same sector of the mall.

I prefer this mall to others in the area and tend to go there whenever it has what I'm looking for.
Tempe Marketplace is pretty great. There are a lot of good food options (and some laughably bad food options), a decent mix of stores and boutiques and a really nice movie theatre. I live close by so I'm around pretty often, whether it's to grab a quick bite, hit up the Target or do some shopping.

If you're expecting a mall, you'll be disappointed. It doesn't offer the department stores and options that a full fledged shopping mall does, but it has some options that you won't see at a mall (Best Buy, Pier 1, Old Navy, Cost Plus World Imports). 

There are good fast and slow food options, including The Keg, Red Robin, Smashburger, Lucille's BBQ, CPK, Paradise Bakery and Chipotle. There are bad restaurants too, so there are places to avoid (Cadillac Ranch, Darcy McGee's). There's also a Dave and Busters if you have 3 hours to waste and want to play some games. 

It's really nice to be able to park and walk around outside and shop when it's not too hot. You can also kill an entire day here if you want to, with lunch, shopping, a movie and then dinner. You've got options for stuff to do, and enough shopping to keep you happy.
can't believe how quiet it was today, sunday morning after black friday. i parked my car and walked to several stores to get all my christmas gifts (granted, mostly gift cards, but...) and didn't have to drop any knees or elbows to rabid grannies and bargain hunters to get my goods!
Of all the outdoor malls in Phoenix (and I've been to a lot of them), Tempe Marketplace is the best! It's a one stop shop for all of your needs.

If you're hungry, Tempe Marketplace has a great selection of places to dine on. If you're looking to sit down and enjoy a romantic meal, head over to Kabuki's for sushi. If you just want a quick bite to eat, there are several places that are steps from the state of the art Harkins movie theater that you'll enjoy. And maybe you're in the mood for ice cream, froyo, or coffee afterward? Tempe Marketplace has that too.

If you're into shopping, you can't go wrong. From the casual Target or Ross to the upscale Gap and Tiffy's, you'll find a pair of pants that's just right for you.

And if that's not enough, they've got several outdoor fireplaces, a splash pad for the kiddos, and a large stage that plays live music.

Check out Tempe Marketplace, you won't be disappointed!
Pretty nice "outdoor" mall. Went here twice in one day lol...on accident. Visiting the family for xmas vacation and of course shopping is non existent where I come from so this was a suggestion from my cousin since she lives in the area.

We were looking for an Ulta, but then got caught up at Ross, Steinmart and World market. and Pier One. We also made our way into the actual marketplace to the G by Guess store then bath and body works...and then went home.

Later that evening everyone wanted to go the the movies, me and my lil sis wanted to go shopping instead and set out to do just that while everyone was at the movies. So we went back here a second time when it was dark and saw the rest of the mall. Little fires, nice fountains, it was a nice little area.

We went shopping (victoria secret, charlotte russe, pretty cookie cutte selection of stores) and then went and had a drink at Cadillac Ranch. Pretty familiar with Cadillac Ranch as they have one in my home town but this place has some other choices like sushi and a pub and some cantina place. 

The variety of stores are your usual cookie cutter type selection, nothing out of the ordinary but it was nice to have a drink and walk around with the ambiance.
I have long liked Tempe Maretplace since it has opened.                                                 It is a good location, lots of parking all around. Since when live in the extreme heat it is a bit nice that it is outdoors.              There is a major selection or stores ,restaurants and services here.  My girlfriend likes it as well. So it is a win win set up. They are decorated really well and they have a multitude of events here. Even a Barnes and Noble,which bookstores are not that easy to come accross now days.
While parking is a doosey at times, the atmosphere is wonderful.  I love the outside fireplaces, cushey chairs, and water features.  A nice stroll for the day.  Great stores although it can stand a few more restaurants.
I think tempe marketplace is A-OK. Definitely.

I dont mind dave and busters and i do not mind san felipes as far as a night out.
Shopping here is definitely better than west gate for sure.  Love the customer service in Levis and Victorias Secret Sometimes.  Tempe marketplace always has something you can do especially if you are bored.  Reading, Groceries, Movies, Food, Clothes, Yogurt, Tea, Coffee, Alcoholic beverages store, MAKEUP and Hair Stuff?! YES YES AND YES!
Five stars because this place is awesome and has a little of everything. Not very many other places can you go with you find a really nice outdoor mall anchored by a movie theater with big box stores surrounding it like Target, Best Buy, and Michaels. The concept is simply perfect. The mall area is very nice and has a pretty good, typical selection of stores with more than plenty to eat and more than enough parking for everything. I love the lasers on Target and Best Buy at night too. It's such a simple pointless effort, but I appreciate it so much. I'm a huge fan of Tempe Marketplace, and and extra plus, it's right off the 202 Red Mountain Freeway. But thenagain, isn't everything in this city off the freeway?
This mall has always been enjoyable to me and I was so glad that Tempe finally had a spot for shopping that wasn't a snobby Scottsdale mall or a ghetto Tempe Outlet Mall (like AZ Mills).

I honestly don't usually come here to necessarily shop, but I do enjoy walking it and window shopping and people watching.  If I do shop while I'm there, it's because I see something I like, not because I purposely went there to buy something... though I usually always shop at the stores outside the mall (ie. Penzey's, World Market, RoadRunners, etc) and I do have to admit the mall itself has a crap-load of selection for whatever type of shopping you want to do.

The walk around the mall is great and perfectly shaded most of the time and when it's hot, they have misters and outdoors music that is calming enough to not notice the 100+ degree weather.  I really, really like their sitting spots - comfy couches and sectionals for hanging out.. reading, etc and heaters or fireplaces for when it's cold (or misters and fountains for when it's hot) and a good, relaxed yet lively ambiance around you.  There's a theater, so that's another plus and they have a decent selection of places to eat (I like the Irish pub and CPK).

I'm SO glad that there aren't any Tempe Trash (as I affectionately call the homeless college dropouts that litter Mill Ave's walking areas) at the mall.. I'm glad the mall has sufficient security to keep them out because you bet I'd stay away like I stay away from Mill Ave.
This is just another huge outdoor mall that could be mistaken for desert ridge or west gate.  Expect quick service food and a few nice dining options with several chain stores.  They have the splash pad for kids and a great fireplace and outdoor seating to so its a great meeting place for families.
Depending on the time of day you get here will determine your parking situation. Depending on the day of the week will also determine your parking situation. Decent amount of shops, restaurants etc.  I have been here numerous times but last night for some reason it smelled as if there was sewer backed up somewhere. It smelled AWFUL out there. Blech. All in all, not a bad place to come if you are in the area and want to do a little shopping to boot!
The place is incredible but they need like a shuttle to get you around that place rather than having to deal with the parking. and turn off those ridiculous fires!!! when its 100 degrees outside that looks ridiculous! even if its for ambiance!
An outside mall in Tempe unlike any other, this place is pretty good.  Comprehensive in the offerings from Target to Old Navy, Dave and Busters, Cadillac Ranch, the list goes on and on.

They have a good selection of places to eat and a pretty decent selection of the most popular retailers (AE, Victoria's Secret, Hottie, Oakley etc) and even a Harkins.  They also do well having misters for those hot summer months.  What this place does not have is good transportation within the different and spread out areas, like a trolley or golf carts etc. 

Aside from that, you can spend the day and enjoy some retail therapy, good eats and even some family time in the splash pad and different kid stores around.
Always a nice place to have dinner and walk around while I am in the area. Many stores, bars, and restaurants to choose from
I really have nothing bad to say about this place. I always come at night so I have yet to experience any of the parking dilemmas I've read about. I live by and have experienced the parking horrors of Camelback Colonnade.

It's not really fair to compare the two because Tempe Marketplace has most stores one would need to warrant a trip out there. I can only say that I can hit Target or Barnes and Noble easily enough and have been in and out in a reasonable amount of time.

No complaints and pretty convenient when there are multiple stores I want to hit,
Tempe Marketplace has everything you need in a shopping plaza. A movie theater, coffee shops, restaurants, higher-end clothing stores and stores where you can find good deals. There's also big retailers like Target, Best Buy and Ross.
A good hub of every chain store known to mankind in one spot. A few local favorites. They host live events and concerts and is good to loiter with friends and find things to do. Plenty of shopping, bars and fun.
This place have everything 

So good
I do like this place, but not so much when it is busy. Just because, the driving is a bit crazy. There are no lights just , 4 way stop signs. Which could really led to an accident. It is very hot in the middle of the day to walk around here.
However, it is very nicely decorated outside and i really like it in the winter. 
We came here last night for dinner. Ruby Tuesday. They do have a lot of nice  places in here, just some times difficult to get to.  Check it out but, maybe when it is cooler.
This is a nice big shopping center. I love the great selection of stores and the wonderful Barnes and Noble. Petsmart is convenient and a great place to adopt sweet pets and this place is decorated beautifully for the holidays.

I don't think parking is that convenient here, though.  It's brutal in the summer parking so far and having to walk through the big sunny parking lot that's why I didn't give it a 4 star.
Plenty of parking, plenty of places to eat and if you want to sit by a warm fire in the winter they have a few giant gas burning fire places.  I think it adds a lot of ambiance to the place.  At the end of the day, it's an outdoor mall.  We go mostly to see a movie or to Barnes and Noble while waiting for our movie.
Big big fan of Tempe Marketplace - especially when it's not 110 degrees outside. I go here to see movies and with the assortment of clothing stores, Target, BN, and a great variety of food choices, I'm very satisfied. There's even live music on the big stage sometimes. It does get crowded, but what popular place doesn't?

And, if you're looking for a place to drink that isn't Mill or Old Town Scottsdale, TMP can definitely hold its own with a couple great places to grab a cold one with sometimes ridiculously good specials. I just wish they had a few more laid back bars, and not just restaurants with big bars in them.
Ive always liked TMP , its fun , open and lots to choose from.  you got your clothing stores, so lots of shopping. You can also stop by and have some lunch/dinner and even a few cocktails along the way.  I think its great for the family and also a good time for a first date. 

One evening I went to dave and busters and had a blast, had a few drinks and food. than moved on next door to the San Felipe bar which is fun and open.  nice patio and cool people.  overall a great experience everytime I go.  Defenitely check out this place and support it.
I love Tempe Marketplace! Convenience, variety, restaurants, shops and a movie theater- what else could you need! My favorite stores are BevMo, Target, PetSmart, Tilly's, Victoria's Secret, Buckle, American Eagle, Chipotle, ... ok so I have a lot of favorites! I even "won" two tickets to the Cirque du Soleil show, Kooza, from Tempe Marketplace. I use the term "won" loosely because you had to spend $150 in one day and bring the receipts to the office to claim the tickets. Well of course I can spend that much.. probably in an hour! HA 

There is a huge parking lot, but you still may have to walk a little ways to the stores on busy days like weekends or during Christmastime. If you hate dealing with parking lots, there are buses that run to Tempe Marketplace and it's close enough to ride a bike from some local neighborhoods. Because the layout is open with separate individual stores, it does get pretty hot when walking from store to store in the summer. They have mister machines or you could stop into San Felipe's for a margarita to cool off!
Tempe Marketplace, Desert Ridge Marketplace, San Tan Village... I dunno whose bright idea it was to build outdoor shopping malls in the nations hottest state but I hope they're done.  It's just not fun building up a sweat while you walk from store to store to try on clothes, quite frankly, it's gross.  They do offer misters along the walkway but I think that makes the situation worse... like more humid and they're so high that you're not getting cooled off, just frizzy hair.  The good thing about San Tan is you can drive around, find the store you're looking for and  then park.  This mall, you have to park and hope you're in the vicinity of the store you need. 

Also, there is a small splash pad that was packed with kids.  I was tempted to walk straight through it but it smelled like poop.  I'm sure it doesn't smell like that everyday but it made me wonder how often the splash pad gets sanitized.
I'm kind of torn on what to give Tempe Marketplace review-wise.  I like the selection of stores and restaurants, there's a theater here, and a plethora of parking spots.  What I'm not a fan of is that it's so spread out here that sometimes to get to one store from another, you have to get in your car and drive there rather than just walking.  Part of the reason why is because some of the stores are on a very large scale, like PetSmart or Target.  

Once you find parking, it can be a headache to get out of here in high traffic times.  Also, like many people have said before in previous reviews, even with those misters outside, it can be still quite unpleasant walking outside to go shopping when it's scorching hot in the summer.
Been here a few times now and I love the couches and fire places at night. I think it is a fantastic area to be able to do so much at once. Shopping, eating, Dave and Busters, a theater with a cine capri, etc. After all that fun I love grabbing a coffee and sitting in front of the fires and relaxing. I am guessing the better the weather gets this place is going to be packed, all my visits have been this summer. I also saw a splash pad for the little ones to have fun in. The whole place looks well maintained and I will be back soon!
I went over there because I was feeling good and thought I would buy a couple of cute bra, I could have went to fashion square but why not try this place ,I had to look for someone to help me and when I found one, some idiot have left one of the drawer open and I scratched my leg, I was trying to tell the sales lady, she didn't give too rats ass she was more interested on selling me a bra, I wasn't trying to get free shit, so my night was ruined and I will probably will not be back to that store and tell my female friends not to go there and co workers.
I got my walking AND my sunshine in for the day!  It felt like a mile from the end where I parked to the Target area.
This is an open-air mall.  Unlike most malls which are totally enclosed, this mall is outdoors.  In the outdoor area they sometimes have "events".  The Batman "Tumbler" was there for a day once, we've heard concerts here, and this last visit they had a sculling team there with their boat.

They have many of the usual shops (American Eagle, Gap, Aeropostale, Victoria's Secret, etc).   The Harkins Theater hear is pretty nice.  We like the Genghis Grill for food (see my review of them).  The Paradise Bakery is nice also.  There are several other eateries here, but we haven't tried most of them yet.  However, several choices are available.

This is a nice mall to just wander and shop, and eat and drink, and enjoy whatever is going on.
I love Tempe Marketplace and frequent it regularly.  It has many dining, shopping, and entertainment options.  It is an outdoor mall and in the summer there are misters and in the winter heat lamps and a large fire pit.  It has stores that are usually only found in malls such as Tilly's, American Eagle, and Victoria's Secret, but also freestanding stores such as Target, Best Buy, and Ulta.  There are a large variety of restaurants and a Harkin's Movie Theater as well.  It is a great place to hang out with friends and see the local night life!
I used to describe Tempe Marketplace to tourists as "a large, outdoor mall with a little bit of everything, including over 25 restaurants" (I was trying to sell them on coming here rather than make me drive them all the way to Arizona Mills...that's another story).  At first they'd gasp that I'm recommending they walk around outside in between stores!  Then somebody would remind them that 10 months out of the year, the weather is great for that.  And during those other two months, there are misters aplenty.

To address a previous review regarding needing to drive from one side to another due to how spread out it is: aren't all malls that way?  There's the main building, but the stores and restaurants surrounding the mall "campus" (like Target, Red Lobster or Holiday Inn) are outside the radius of the main parking lot.  If anything, I think TMP solved that; the outside stores are in a strip forming an L shape around the SW side, and the more mall-esque area is in the middle, away from parking.  Other random restaurants are dotted throughout the North end of the mall.  

The selection of stores and food is vast.  Seafood, sushi, burgers, dessert, steak, Mexican, alcohol, and more.  There are big stores like Target, JC Penny and Michaels, lots of smaller boutique clothing stores, and several random shops.  The Harkins there is great, and is home to the Cine Capri.

All around, it's a great marketplace for Arizona!
Not as many stores as I was anticipating... the crowds were horrendous, too. Vehicular ingress/egress needs some work. Poorly planned.
I love coming to Tempe Marketplace...I just HATE the traffic.  Last night, it took me 15 minutes to get into the parking lot from the light on McClintok and Tempe Marketplace .  That does not include the other 10 minutes it took to get a parking.  

Other than that, the place is great.  Huge variety of stores, bars, restaurants and the movie theater is ginormous!

Public restrooms are clean which is a huge bonus.

We enjoyed some frozen yogurt on the couches in front of the fire by Barnes and Noble while listening to some guys perform.  (Very talented guys as well).
This could have been a great shopping center. The parking/road layout sucks (similar to Desert Ridge), but the store selection is decent. Unfortunately, this place is riddled with ASU trash. The parking lot is like driving through downtown LA during rush hour - you will risk your life going from point A to B, on foot or in your car.
Theres a large part of me that hates huge shipping centers like this with a passion. Driving by it on the 202, you just see huge, distracting neon lights and my first thought is "tacky". 

The days of strolling down main street, window shopping while licking at an ice cream cone from the local ice cream soda pop shop then deciding to catch a flick at the local movie house are done. Now we pull into football sized parking lots to wander like zombies in shopping plazas full of Bed Bath and Beyonds or Victoria's Secrets, Starbucks and Coldstones. Then to stumble, numbed, into an AMC to watch some horrible blockbuster made by a film studio who's sole purpose is to rake in the cash. 

Sigh.
Bring your student I'd and save some money - love it at harkins, dave and busters, and of course the no which(sandwich in ledduce) at Jimmy Johns
Good restaurants, good shops and a great movie theater. I like coming here to catch the acoustic bands near the Barnes & Noble. The parking and traffic can be a nightmare on the weekends, so just be careful.
This is a cool marketplace! They have all kinds of different stores, to where you can travel to one place and get a lot of shopping done. Keep in mind its pretty large so you may have to walk, but get some exercise, don't be lazy! I really enjoy that they have misters on during the summer time. It's hot here in AZ so you get a little cool off as your shopping. They have a few different options to eat, a couple bars, lots of different shops and little kiosks. They have big stores like Target, Harkins Theatre and an Old Navy. Each time I come here everything is nice and kept clean, parking is rough though so if you are coming just to shop be prepared you may have to walk.
I really like Tempe Marketplace. I always come here to see movies at Harkins. I also frequent the Stone Cold Creamery. It is a nice open air mall. If you know where to park it isn't too bad. There have been a few times where I have had to hunt for a spot but those were on busy days or holidays. I have been to a few of the restaurants and they are good too. There are a few I have been meaning to try like Lucille's BBQ.

I like to come here and hang out. They have some good outdoor seating and good people watching. It is also just nice to wander around.
My second favorite mall in Arizona! I prefer San Tan because it has all of my favorite stores (Best Buy, Dicks, Apple, and American Eagle) 
I like Marketplace because it's big and you can just walk around without having to go to the stores. It's pretty at night with the lights and sometimes they have a band playing by D&B.
Pros: Lots of great choices for shopping, 
Cons: The parking is terrible.

Even though there are other locations for a lot of the stores located here that are closer to my place I enjoy being able to get it all out of the way in one location.
To be perfectly honest, this "marketplace" is nicer than most AZ malls I have been to lately.

I.E. Metrocentre... YIKES!

It has some basics and some nice shops to check out while waiting for a movie. So I don't see the problem. Plus, free public music acts are an awesome touch.  Where else do you see that? (Okay other malls but not many and not as often).

Good job Tempe Marketplace.
I love Tempe Marketplace, and so do a million other people! The shopping, food selection, and movies makes it a great place for a night out.

Since there are always so many people here, it makes parking a nightmare.
I love the wide range of options at this marketplace!! I prefer this place over the majority of the malls in the area. We live close to San Tan Village (similar concept), but Marketplace does it better. Many more options and big name stores! Makes for a nice outing in this beautiful fall weather - lots to look at even if you don't want to spend money!
As far as Shopping Centers go, Tempe Marketplace is pretty great. 

Since we have the luxury of great weather in Phoenix, locals (and snowbirds alike) can rejoice in getting some Vitamin D while shopping at this outdoor mall.

The selection of stores, while limited, are the good ones anyhow.

The atmosphere is fun, spirited, and lively. Maybe because it's close to ASU, there are fun places to have a drink(s), and you have a Harkins you can pop into for a little cinema magic? All I know is, I'm a fan. For those of you wanting a low key vibe, spend a few hours in the bookstore.

One last thing...the Target here stays open later than other locations (11pm). Bing bang boom!
Tempe Marketplace is one of the nicer malls/outdoor malls in the metro Phoenix area. I remember when it first opened and how nice it was with a wide variety of new things to eat and places to shop at. While some of the restaurants and shops have changed, Tempe Marketplace has stayed well-kept and all around a great place to go to meet with friends/family for food, shopping, and entertainment. I like coming here on the weekends to enjoy a movie. Sometimes I'll grab a bite to eat before or after. Sometimes I'll go shopping. Either way, it is one of the nicer shopping destinations and I'd recommend it.
Many stores, eateries, and the Harkins Theater occupy Tempe Marketplace. There's so much to do and see here! Only drawback I have is parking can get pretty crazy here on busy days and weekends. 

This is one of the coolest open-air shopping complexes I've ever been to and will keep going back for various reasons.
This outdoor mall located in Tempe is amazing!
Pros: almost every store you could wish for, great variety from food to clothes to coffee and tea. Or if you prefer catch an afternoon matinee. 
Con: parking lot is confusing and during Christmas season stay far away as it is always too packed.
Awesome place if you want to almost get hit by a car. An 8 year old can put together a more functional parking area.
Tucked away in a secret part of Tempe is the little known Tempe Marketplace. Taking a walk through this quaint little shopping center, you'll find boutique shops like Target, BestBuy, Sport Chalet, Pier1 Imports, and JCPenny. If you search long enough you'll find the small entertainment venues, Dave & Buster's and Harkins Theatres. Say you're hungry too? Well that's no problem, swing by one of the cozy cafe's such as Chipotle, SmashBurger, Portillo's, The Keg, and Ruby Tuesday.

Yes, Tempe, this is the spot where you go when you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the mall experience, you're looking for relaxing window shopping, or a nice quiet evening out with your significant other.

If you fully believed what I've just told you, then I've got a bridge I can sell you in Brooklyn also. Starting at just $10,000 - I'm taking best and final bids this week. 

Happy Yelping Phoenix, hopefully a little sarcasm is not completely lost on you. :-D
This is a really cool place to visit, especially if you're visiting from out of town (or state in my case). I initially thought this was just another typical shopping area, but I was quite amazed at its size, restaurant selection, and store variety. 

What I liked most about this place is how there was outdoor seating. I'm not talking just about tables and chairs, but there were sofas under large umbrellas. The area by the movie theater even had a cool fireplace looking thing. A lot of the natives recommended this place, and I can see why. 

I would recommend this place as well since it has a lot more going on than one would expect.
I come to TMPquite often usually to run in and out at high speed to a few of my favorite places like Cost plus World Market, Pier 1, or just needing to go to TCF Bank, or a froyo fix, all conveniently located on one end and all during my lunch hour. (plus driving through is a bit chaotic and confusing due to the set up) 
It wasn't until last night that I realized how awesome this place really is. After grabbing a quick bite to eat, then a coffee, seeing a movie, then strolling down to my favorite yogurt shop Mojo I'd not noticed how many stores, places to eat and even how beautiful a place to hang out TMP is. Perhaps I was caught up enjoying a relaxed evening and that now it is decorated for the holidays(of which I'm hoping some of the lights remain) with the outdoor fireplace going an fountains flowing it was an enjoyable atmosphere. Since I have little time or desire to shop, it just hadn't occured to me that TMP offers so much more. As we enjoyed our ice cream outdoors and had strolled around, I noticed people hanging out playing cards, sipping coffee in cushioned chairs, sitting by the fountains and the fireplace, no hurried holiday hustle to grab some random gift of which with many stores there are plenty but all just enjoying a fun place to hang out. I then remembered that  TMP  on occasion has outdoor concerts and during the summer I have taken my princess and her cousin to the splash pad to play( brillaintly located in front of Mojo) 
Tempe Marketplace is more than just your one stop shop, it's a cool place to be!
Love this place as it has great variety of stores and food places. I hate the 4 way stops though as people have no clue as to how to use them
I avoid this mall.  I hate parking here, and trying to get in and out is always a hassle.
Closest big box shopping center to me and there isn't much to dislike. All the important shops you could wish for (Best Buy,Gap, Michael's, Old Navy, Target,etc). They definitely need or could use and H&M seeing that you have ASU right next door. I'm sure that will come when the economy picks up. 
It's my go to place to see movies with the Harkins having one of the few Cine Capris in the state (the other being the Harkins 101 on the opposite side of town).
Food wise there is really something for everyone there (burgers at Smashburger, Genghis Grill with the build it yourself meal that I really like, Chipotle, Paradise Bakery and Jimmy Johns if you're feeling like a sandwich). 

As for the negatives, like any big shopping center, you're going to have crowds and it can sometimes be tough to find parking spot if you're going to see a movie at Harkins. You have to kind of go into  "parking wars" mode but I really can't complain and with the addition of Portillo's (that I haven't tried yet but that everyone swears by) it keeps on adding good venues.
There are times when you just need to shop or eat and Tempe Marketplace has plenty of parking. The choices of food places is very similar to most malls. Free Wifi is provided throughout the mall.
I love it here and I frequent this place almost daily.  The only negative I can think of is the parking layout and layout of the roads.  Someone was on drugs when they designed this place.
Love coming here too visit some of my favorite stores.  The Old Navy here seems bigger and more organized, the World Market, oooooo Stein Mart, JC Penny's and my OCD favorite Charming Charlies.  A bunch of food choices too!!! Parking can be a little crazy sometimes but hey - its a shopping center.  The Target there is ALWAYS busy too.  Take a few minutes and head into the Penzey's Spices store - pretty cool & inspires me to cook!!  Easy to get here and easy to spend a lot of time here if your a shopaholic like me!
One of my favorite malls. Lots of fun stores, restaurants and activities.

I gave 4 stars merely because this mall is hard to shop at during the summer and some of the major department stores and retailers are located far from the mall itself, so you have to drive and re-park a few times to hit all of your favorite stores. Otherwise, it's great!
I really love coming to Tempe Marketplace. I really do. When I think of going to see a movie, I immediately think of this spot. For the most part, Tempe Marketplace has a ton to offer, but it is still not the best Mall of All...as they would say. Lets shop around and explore Tempe 
Marketplace:

~What To Do~
A lot of shopping options are available, from groceries at Target to clothes at Ross...They have specialty stores like Hi-Health or BevMo. They also have your Run-of-the-mill usual mall shops along the main walkway, with stores like Gap and Bath & Bodyworks. Finally, as for restaurants, they provide a bevvy of options, from Asian, Fro-yo/Ice Cream, as well as a couple separate bars. Finally, they have the Harkins here which has a Cine Capri...my favorite theatre in town!

~The Good~
There are a number of major bright spots, mostly coming by way of the movie theater, which is well run and always has the right start time for whichever movie I want to see. One of my favorite bar treats is the Thirsty Lion Pub and Grill, which offers nicer bar fare as well as wide variety of craft brews. The make-up of the entire center is conducive to what you are looking to do. The Marketplace is spread out enough that you will be able to find parking wherever you go...save for the back entrance near the movie theater on a Friday/Saturday night. The shear amount of options available to the patron is also a bright spot, much alike most outdoors malls these days. The best thing to note is that there is something for everyone, heck they even have Dave & Busters for the kids if they want to play games while you go drink at San Felipes!

~The Bad~
San Felipes. =haw= I love digging into them. Horrible service, waitresses who only cater to the males, and drinks that come from packages and pack so much sugar that it will give you type 3 diabetes.... that's right, type 3. Service there blows, so that's a consistent for you. Also, parking can blow on weekends when you want to go somewhere specific. I like to walk so it doesn't bother me, but it sure bothers my fiance. Another low-spot are the few stores that have boarded up of recent.  It sucks when a store shuts down, even if you had never gone in before. Seeing a bunch of stores boarded up is exponentially worse. The entertainment zones vary along the main walkway, so some stores have made while others have fallen. Hopefully they can get it together and figure out how to retain the right tenants.

~The Downlow~
Great spot to blow a few hours of time before seeing a movie. The bar options (besides San Felipes) are serviceable, and the ability to pick and choose a specialty store is nice. It is on par with most outdoors malls here in the valley, hence the 3 star rating. Its just like most, no major distinguishing factor besides the theater. We are lucky to live in this town which offers such nice options to kill time...I think we take this for granted. Anyway, 3 stars overall, above average for most malls you'd go to nationwide, but just par here. They definitely need to nuke San Felipes. I'd suggest a military takeover; the incentive is they can procure all the liquor and sugar, which they would probably have to destroy. Who is with me!!?!??! FOLLOW ME! FOLLOW ME TO FREEDOM!
How much do I hate your parking lot? So so so so so so very much. That alone should be a 1 star, but you have fun stores and good places to eat and make for a nice place for date night or walking around with the family so I guess it averages out.
Love this place. Always something new. Changing all the time. Very user friendly. Also lots of fun shopping. Good food every where. Live intertainment. Even the security was helpfully.
This is by far my favorite mall in Tempe (AZ mills feels really dirty) my main complaint is that awful sandwich place Jimmy Johns.  I had to wait 45 minutes for a COLD sandwich to be delivered to my house a couple months ago and for a place that prides themselves on being "freaky fast" I think that's absurd.  That's another story and I already gave them a scathing review.  I love the jewelry at Charming Charlie's especially.  There is also sometimes live music, which is a nice touch and very charming if the groove is right.
STAY AWAY during holidays!!! Especially if you have claustrophobia, or anxiaety!! LOL!
Amazing place, I totally get why people love coming here. It has EVERYTHING!

I love all the stores conveniently in one place, the great selection of restaurants, the ample parking, the sprinkler system for those hot days, the friendliness of everyone here and just the fact that it's close to my house! 

I definitely will make this a place to shop frequently!
Love this place as this shopping center has some of my favorite shops.  For examples, Best Buy, Ulta, Sprint, GAP, Target, Harkins, and many more just to name a few.  They have concerts here during summer time near the stage area, great place to bring the kids out for them to play or for adults here to people watch.
Good outdoor mall but the layout is a little weird. Mostly everything you need all in this area. Great store and even had live music.
Huge shopping plaza with tons of shops and plenty of parking. They even make an effort to put the misters on to keep you cool. If you have kids, take them to the splash pad, it'll keep them cool.

We were meeting an old friend here and had the hardest time finding her because this outdoor mall is huge! Overall, we really like this place!
I am big fan of this place even though I only gave it three stars.  I like outdoor malls and this is a good one.  The store selection is great...lot's of options for shopping. Good movie theater and easy to access.  The one knock on this place is a big one and it is the food choices.  For as many food options as there are here, they are all chain restaurants and not good.  I wish some local places would come in with some better food.
As far as out of town shopping complexes go, Fort Kinnaird is distinctly average.

My university halls were near here so in first year this was where we would go for our shopping trips. It has a large New Look, which is good if you like New Look. I am not too keen, and it is always full of scary 14 year olds who look like they are going to happy slap you. There is also a Next, Mothercare, Dorothy Perkins, Marks and Spencer, HMV, Thorntons, Boots and River Island. There is also a few fast food outlets (Subway, Pizza Hut) so a great day out if you are that way inclined. I just find these shopping complexes to be very boring, and would much rather go to Princes Street where there is much more choice.
Princes Street is great, and so is the rest of the city centre shops - but when I need everything in one place, as well as some shops which just arent big enough for my needs in the city centre, or perhaps not even there at all- I come to Fort Kinnaird.

Its basically just a car park or two with a huge amount of shops around its edges - but as I said they are big super stores, and some of them are the only ones in miles. Really, its quite a drab place, but if there is something you need that just isnt available in the city centre, come here - it has everything, and even though it is a pain to get to, its worth it.
This place is Edinburgh's equivalent to the Glasgow Forge, high street shops in a field.

I can imagine it serves the local area very well, but there really is no point in venturing out here from central Edinburgh.

If you do happen apon this place, go to Thornton's cafe for a Chocolate Mint Ice Cream milkshake while you quickly count out change for the bus out of the place.
Me and a couple of mates came here a few days ago and were pretty underwhelmed by the place, it really doesn't have the pull to make people frequently come here instead of hitting up Princes Street.

The shops are good, and most have more stock than you would get in the traditional high street shops. There are also a good range of food outlets surrounding the shopping complex if you fancy a bite to eat.

However, Princes Street offers a better range of shops, and I like the traditional city high street, rather than these new suburban shopping districts, I just feel that they lack much of the character that you get on the high street. On Princes Street, you have a wide array of areas to sit- Charlotte's Square, St Andrew's Square and Princes Street Gardens, but here, there's nothing of the sort.
Wanted to buy from HMV because i knew they were struggling financially. Didn't want another brand name to disappear from our streets. They also had a great deal on an Xbox for Christmas. After battling for a parking space and traveling the gauntlet to then find the smallest asterix & the smallest conditions list, meaning what looked like a good deal was actually 58 more expensive than Tesco + Club-card points. Its always good to support our local jobs, but extracting the yellow stuff from consumers is not nice. 2 Stars guys and thats only because one of the staff had a nice bum... (Female this time)! LoL!
Years ago, well around 30 years ago Fort Kinnaird, like a king had a good heart. It's heart came in the shape of a UCI Cinema chain; on one side a Frankie & Benny's, to the other a Megabowl. But one of the first of this US styled mall in the 80's.

There are still lots of shopping facilities dotted around here, some of which have gone too soon - unable to cope. But there are a few coffee houses, food clothing, jewellers, sports type outlets. Blah, blah etc. What there isn't is heart anymore! Unless you count Starbucks inside Waterstones & HMV...oh dear, can you see where I'm going with this?

Nothing entertaining, educational, or science-y, not a concert hall or music venue, not a dating venue, not much in the way of health and well being, unless you count nearby Bannatyne's. Not even anything out of the ordinary. What it needs is a place where everyone knows your name. Enriched by people who can get together and enjoy the mall experience, a place where community decisions matter, a place that produces job creation for the local economy?

Yes you could be a mall rat, but one where you partially hang about outside, as it is such a large spread out site you kind of stay healthy, walking the distance between shops. Sadly what we dont want to see is Fort Kinnaird snapped out of existence to be no more, like a slain king in battle, now virtually buried to become a car park. 

There's light on the horizon and word of another cinema complex going ahead here, just don't invite Justin Bieber to open it, even if his street cred needs enhancing!
Everything you could want in a retail park.

Except parking. Absolute shocker!

Oh and bring back a cinema and megabowl. They are sorely missed.
It's about 15 minutes drive from my house, so quite handy for that coffe or a window shop that burns a hole in purse!  

It's handy and has loads of parking spaces.  It's out door though so when going check the the weather forecast because the elements can catch you out!  Also all the bank ATMs are all on the one side of the park, where the WH Shith, Boots, Next are.  Loads of high street shops here so you are bound to get the next outfit for that night out here!
I love buying FAIR TRADE, ORGANIC, and LOCAL. This super cute coffee and tea house has all three! 

My mom lives only a few blocks from Tuvalu. Lucky!! I have driven by many times and wanted to check it out. So when my brother suggested lunch before my drive back to "the big city", I suggested this spot.

Wouldn't you know...I was the hero once again. *proud beaming smile*  We walked into the spacious digs and immediately began roaming the plethora of handmade goods lining the store. Blown glass, brooms, framed and unframed artwork, tons of jewelry, bowls, kids woven sweaters, vases, honey, hot chocolate powder and the list goes on... It's awesome and they are all fair trade and local. Yippee!

Oh yeah..and the food was good too. I had a grilled cheese (cheddar)panini (on cracked wheat bread) which came with tomato plus I added turkey and avacado. It was only $7.25 and SO melty good. Really. The best sandwich I have had in a while. I paired my sandwich with their organic blueberry tea which was enticing everyone at my table with its fruity aroma. 

All of my family members enjoyed their selections. Not a bite left on the plates! The women behind the counter were BUSY, but managed to remain friendly and kind. Love that! 

PLEASE COME CHECK OUT TUVALU COFFEEHOUSE. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
Tuvalu sells bulk Just Coffee beans and for this fact alone I'm a regular here.  This place has an excellent vibe to it like any great coffeehouse should.  I generally don't have time to get my coffee to stay, so I've not really had the chance to spend some time relaxing at a table or out on the porch - too bad on my part.  My usual routine is to walk in, grab a couple pounds of bulk beans, then fill up my traveler and get my punchcard stamped and pay.  On a good day I'm in and out within ten minutes.  In addition to coffee and bulk beans there's a small pastry case that has pre-wrapped items that can be either prepared there or taken with.  The breakfast burritos are pretty good, but my favorite is the spinach-stuffed croissant.  In addition to the usual coffee card (buy 10 get 1) they offer a bulk card - buy 5 lbs. and get a half pound free.  

Parking can sometimes be a bit of a concern - yesterday I ended up circling the block searching for a spot.  It's located just up from Miller's and there aren't a ton of parking stalls in the lot, but during the summer the bike racks seem to be always full so keep that in mind if you're local.  Given the fact there was no parking I shouldn't have been surprised to see a long line of customers upon entering.  I don't generally order special coffee drinks but I do believe the baristas at Tuvalu may not be the quickest at turning around orders.  This doesn't usually concern me, but I did get stuck in line for the better part of fifteen minutes yesterday.

Aside from the coffee-related offerings I've found a good number of last-minute gifts at Tuvalu.  They've got a decent assortment of glass and pottery items crafted by local and international artists.  I've gotten a few really great presents just on a whim, including a set of hand-blown glass coasters and a tea set.  There's always FTO chocolate bars as well, just waiting for an impulse buy.  I also get pure Wisconsin maple syrup from Cazenovia, which even comes in a mapleleaf-shaped bottle - it's one of my father's favorite things and tastes especially good on buckwheat pancakes.  I've never gone here for lunch as I'm usually passing through Verona on my way down to my parents' place, but the sandwich specials advertised on the board by the counter have always looked pretty good.  Some day I'm sure I'll find out for certain, but until then I'll keep coming back for the excellent coffee.
This is really a very nice coffee shop.  There is a gift shop and some unique coffee selections.   I haven't always had the best cup of joe here though so I have to drop it to 4 stars.
Up one star for their support of the protest at the State Capitol.  Thanks Tuvalu!!  You have my business.
Awesome coffee shop and cafe. Nicest staff and delicious food. Wow - definitely worth a stop every time you are in Verona.
Wow, reading the other reviews here, I can't understand how I had such a horrible experience at Tuvalu. It almost makes me want to give them another shot. Almost, because the place was so obviously mismanaged resulting is such abysmal value and customer service that I can't imagine ever leaving another dollar there. 

We were really expecting a decent lunch after reading reviews, checking out the menu online, and walking in to see such a nice, welcoming space. It was about 1:30 on a beautiful sunday afternoon. It seemed like everything was in our favor. Right until we started ordering. The first thing I tried to order they couldn't make because they'd run out of tabouleh. Okay, places run out of things, no sweat. While I was re-deciding, I heard the clerk tell another customer they were out of tuna. I settled on the Tuvalu salad, at which point the clerk yelled over her shoulder, "Hey, do we have enough greens to make a salad?" After considering a head of leaf lettuce in a grocery store bag, they decided that yes, they could make me a salad.  We also ordered iced tea, which they were out of, and told us it would be 10 minutes for them to make more. We decided that would be fine. We felt bad for them. 

So, we took our seats at a table, perused the gift shop area, which seemed to have nice things, and waited. And waited, and waited. There seemed to be an insane amount of activity going on in the kitchen area considering that there were about 5 people in the whole place and zero food coming out. Eventually our drinks came. About 15 minutes after that, we finally got our sandwich and salad, which were quite frankly pathetic. First, I could have prepared these things in about 90 seconds in my home kitchen. The salad wasn't even tossed! It was, for $8, a small plate of green leaf lettuce (not what I think of when I read "organic greens" on a menu), 4 giant unpeeled cucumber slices, a few slices of feta, and a pile of sunflower seeds and dried cranberries. On the side was a plastic cup of some kind of creamy dressing from a bottle that was certainly not the advertised balsamic vinegarette. My husband's sandwich was basically as advertised, besides missing the tomato that was supposed to be on it. Maybe they were out of tomatoes too and didn't feel like admitting that THEY JUST WEREN'T PREPARED TO MAKE FOOD THAT DAY. It came with a pile of lettuce similar to mine with the same silly dressing. We grimly ate and got out of there as fast as we could. What a waste. 

Whoever runs this place clearly has no idea what they're doing. They were out of everything and it took so long to prepare our food that there can't have been any prep work done ahead of time. I hate to see  small business fail, but I just can't see clear to tell anyone to spend money here. $25 for essentially a side salad, a grilled cheese sandwich, and 2 iced teas. Ugh.
Great vibe and atmosphere, locally owned/operated, uses fair trade and (in most cases) organic ingredients - all wins.

However... as Julia noted, the service has dropped quite a bit as of late.  I was in this morning to purchase a single cup of coffee to go.  The person behind the counter didn't acknowledge my entry (there were 2 people in the place), and I honestly waited more than 10 minutes for her to complete everything else she was doing before she asked what she could get for me... 

10 minutes may not seem like a long time, but when you swing-in while on your way to work, those ten minutes seem like an eternity.  Especially when it's for a $2 cup of to-go coffee... she could've rang-me-up and handed me a cup in a minute or less.  

And, the cookies have gone downhill big time - hard and crispy rather than soft and chewy... ick.  

Not sure if I'll be back - I can buy a whole pound of Just Coffee from Willy Street for $8, and if I have to wait 10 minutes for a single cup, I can spend that time brewing it at home just as easily...

Sorry, Tuvalu - it's "toot-a-loo" for me.  Best wishes.
We just stopped in on a cold, but sunny morning, on our bicycles to warm up with a latte and muffin. Hadn't read the previous reviews, but our experience was good. The lattes were good and served promptly, and the pumpkin muffin was excellent. I will go back again.
My Wife and I stopped in Sunday around noon for a cup of coffee, The lady working in the kitchen area looked up from her tasks and didn't say anything.  We waited another 5 minutes before the waitress greeted us and referred us to the menu. We waited another 5 minutes for her to finish gabbing with a regular and decided to leave. While we were waiting the 10 minutes I noticed the lady in the Kitchen wearing a tank top was sweating and wipped her brow with her hand, then proceeded to finish that customers order... Gross! This is the second bad visit we've had in a row at Tuvalu and we won't have our time wasted there again.
Tuvalu is just ok. 

The positive: cool vibe, small child's play area, local artwork, live music.

The negative: Service is a bit off sometimes, food is good but not excellent.
I have stopped in several times in the mornings and for lunch.
Last time in we tried their new breakfast burritos which were generously sized, eggs, potatoes and bacon.  Friends had the oatmeal which came with extra toppings.
Lunch is always good, excellent sandwiches and soup.  You won't leave feeling hungry.
The coffee has never disappointed me.
I stopped by recently and had a great experience! Iced mocha with dark chocolate and soy milk was YUMMM. Got the boyfriend an iced coffee which he liked too.

Tuvalu has a really nice, chill vibe to it. Service was good, the decor is pleasant, and the place very spacious. I truly enjoyed my afternoon there. Great place to just hang out with friends, do some work, bring the kids or simply get good coffee/tea/even art&crafts.
I have stopped by Tuvalu once or twice now after work in Verona.  I want to support local and am a supporter of Just Coffee.  Although I was impressed by the small-town cafe's emphasis on Fair Trade and Local offerings, I was really put-off by the same barista (who I am pretty sure is the owner!) each time.  Didn't acknowledge me walking in the door.  Didn't even look at me while taking my order - wasn't even sure she was talking to me.  Didn't say thank you, didn't smile.  Another woman (older) was also working the 2nd time I stopped by (today) and she was much kinder.  Smiled and took my tea order, making changed.  I tipped because she was nicer.  The first barista was also rude when I asked for more hot water - didn't say ANYTHING!  Barley looked me in the eye and seemed annoyed.

From the sounds of it she is nicer with the regular customers- I have heard her interacting with them and she seems nice enough.  Really dislike cafes that aren't friendly to new customers - why shoot yourself in the foot?
Adorable coffee house. Love their fall drinks. Pumpkin chai...mmmmmmm!
Over all good food. It was a pricy for what I got but I love the feel of the place and the art is beautiful! Great coffee beverages also.
Superb Coffee shop. Very nice place, great bakery goods, excellent coffee, and also always has reliable wifi.
Love it. Everything is delicious and everyone is friendly. Feels like the kind of coffee shop I would come across in a quaint vacation town and wish we had at home (if that makes sense?). Love the kids play area.
Tuvalu is a great little coffee shop that does good food and has good local love entertainment regularly. Love them.
The Huntridge Drug Store is a typical old Fashioned drug store with standard items including (of course) a pharmacy. They have a rack that has some outdated (vintage) postcards on it. I give it four stars not because it is an independent drugstore, not because it is attached to a dive bar, not because it had an old fashined lunch counter diner (it is open yet?) . Mostly I give it four stars because they staff I encounter there is always VERY friendly!
This place is a BLAST from the Past(#IOWAtasmic) a drug store with a lunch counter! Plus a pharmacy & an attached Bar.

Theres no wait just sit right up to th e counter and order. They have a small simple menu but good prices.

We ordered a 2 egg breakfast and a Philly Cheese Steak.

The service was very fast & friendly But then again we were the ONLY customers.

The food was good fresh & tasty maybe a little greasy but I like greasy. Check the pics to see it.

I would definitely try it again maybe the burger which is said to be their big winner here.
It's actually called the Huntridge Diner. I went here for lunch last week and yeah I guess it was A-ok. I had the daily special, which for Tuesday is a Burger, Fries and Soda for $6.95. The burger didn't taste like much but it wasn't bad. The fries probably came from Sysco but they were battered and pretty tasty. Everyone was very friendly including the girl at the front cashier counter and even the cook. Besides me there was only one other customer in there so the service was good.
It is absolutely called the Huntridge Restaurant, not diner. I can only vouch for the burgers at this point, but they are truly outstanding, well seasoned, fresh beef, in the top 20% you will find anywhere. The fries and onion rings are good, but the burgers shine! Hand made shakes are available, but I have not tried one yet. The place is clean, plenty of old original features making for an authentic "diner" experience. Just a mile east of  Las Vegas Blvd, corner of Charleston and Maryland Pkwy., makes this an easy find for tourists who enjoy a little local downtown Las Vegas flavor. I hear the Philly cheese steaks are excellent too. Very limited hours, which have changed over the past several months, currently open till 4 p.m. Closed Sunday. One can search "huntridge restaurant" on youtube to get a feel of the place. It's a total 50's throwback tucked inside a pharmacy. Staff has always been friendly and attentive. Gotta love the free wi-fi too. A door through the pharmacy leads to a full bar.
I love the Huntridge.  It's a great little neighborhood dive, stress on the dive.  The drinks are crazy cheap, and they always have weekly specials.  The bartenders are friendly and entertaining, and the working-class clientele is refreshingly unpretentious and relaxed.  

Warning: it is smoky as all get out in there, and smells like smoke even when it's empty! So if you're sensitive to that, don't go here.  

They have a great jukebox, random bar snacks, and an array of bar video games to entertain the drunkards.  I always seem to gravitate toward this place around 2-4 am because it's right on my way home from pretty much anywhere else.  

The Huntridge is open 24-hours, but if you feel the need to take the party elsewhere, you can always buy 6-packs or bottles of liquor to go!
A great dive bar has to strike a delicate balance between grungy and comfortable.  It should feel like the cozy little hole in the wall where the floor isn't that clean and the booths are slightly broken, but the beer and liquor are well stocked and the characters are colorful.  Think dirty enough that T.G.I. Friday's managers would be disgusted, but safe enough that you're not getting a knife in your side when you sidle up to the bar.

And in Las Vegas, Huntridge Tavern is that bar.  I head here a lot during happy hour and find a collection of folks who are happy to be drinking--the clientele is usually a mix of folks just off work, folks down on their luck and smart ass regulars lined up along the bar talking to the bartender.  There's a lot of attitude is this bar.  Go with it and you'll have a good time.

And Huntridge follows through on the crucial requirement for a dive bar: cheap drinks.  Beer is $2-3 from the tap, liquor was pretty damn cheap (for a generous pour as well).  It's definitely my favorite hole in the wall in town.
First and foremost, the interior throwback is enough to warrant three stars. The fourth is for outstanding food. One would never suspect that a time machine lays dormant inside this little pharmacy. This is the kind of place I only dream about. It wasn't crowded at 10am - the food was made right there on the grill in front of us and the waitress was pleasant. As it should be, cash only. And when you are done - bop next door (literally attached) to the Huntridge Bar. It's equally nostalgic!
Great vegetarian cuisine at very reasonable prices.
They make great pizzas and veggie burgers.  Their breakfast menu is very tasty.
The service was great.  The cook greets all customers and tries to make you feel at home.
They are also certified kosher.
I have been there and Jason is great! The company really needs additional staff on Sundays to help with larger crowds. The long wait time was unacceptable.
A friend and I decided to check this place out on Saturday afternoon, and all of the doors were locked. We were really excited to check it out! I'm not sure if it's even open for business. If it is, they need some store hours posted outside.
When the gorgeous Rockabilly yelper Emily S. vouched for this place, I knew it had to be legit. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=1sXN7Oxteo5dP5nwIDyO4w&userid=oErJEFTodtOnb7Keep4Tlg  ...see what I mean :) 

Been wanting to try this place for quite some time. Huntridge Diner is located right next door to a Rockabilly barber shop, so it really does attract the whole Greaser crowd. And there ain't no posers here. For example, 99% of the Rockabilly girls I know are just in it for the "fashion". I myself am really into pin-up models from the 40s and 50s, and whenever I try to start a conversation with a Rockabilly person by asking "whats your favorite pin-up girl?" or "who was your favorite Rockabilly musician?", they have no clue what I'm talking about. It's a whole different crowd here on the corner of Maryland and Charleston, and the regulars here can go on for days about 50s society and culture. 

Like I said, the authenticity is legit here. They have an ice cream freezer which was installed back in the 1950s when the diner was built. When the thing broke, instead of replacing it, they tracked down an antique dealer that had the actual vintage parts so they could rebuilt it. Everything down to the machines that make the milkshakes are the originals from the 1950s! I've seen 50s diners that attempt to serve authentic 50s food, but I've never ever seen a place that cooks the food with the actual iron kitchen equipment which was crafted in the 50s! I totally felt like Marty McFly at  Lou's Cafe.

The menu is identical to the ones you see in the greaser movies. Everything on the menu is an "era dish" from post WWII, like Pizza Fries!!! Ever since I was a kid I used to watch those old movies from the 1950s where the greasers would order pizza fries. I always wondered what they tasted like. Thanks to Huntridge, now I know they are f*cking awesome!

The first time I came into Huntridge, I was with a child who was dealing with bereavement.  The owner's son and the cook were really great to him. They sat with him and talked about video games, internet memes, and other stuff kids love. I really appreciate that they did this for him. The workers here have very big hearts!!

Interesting fact= This place is 100% Kosher, and they stay completely true to Kosher protocol. From what I hear, to qualify as true kosher cuisine, a Jewish cook has to handle certain items when it is prepared. They hired a Jewish chef to do that!! Since like 90% of my friends are Jewish, this is gonna be a great place for us to go to when we can't agree on which place to eat. It accommodates me and them!

My recommendation is too get one of their shakes or malts. Believe me, no other 50s diner in Vegas has anything on these guys! 

I've been here 3 times this week, and I can't get enough. I'm actually gonna write a more detailed and updated review on this place soon. They are still in the process of revamping their menu. I really can't wait for that.
We are three locals having lunch here on a Wednesday - 1)  place recked of cigarette smoke - 2) staff does not seem to have an urgency in getting folks served - 3) food was okay -
My wife and I stayed in Las Vegas for a week and this place was on a few lists so we figured we'd try out a 50's-era soda fountain.  I was less than impressed.  The food was fine (the pizza fries are great), but the service was slow and the building itself  looks run down.  The cook on duty (I believe his name was Jason) was a bit slow but attentive - I was pleasantly surprised by his knowledge on kosher food and kosher cooking (when asked by another patron that was there and evidently didn't know it was a kosher restaurant).  The shakes were fun, but not everything was available on the menu (they were apparently redoing it) and it was nice to have a shake with a burger.

What the place needs is a remodel of some sort.  The building is too big for their needs and the deco is haphazard at best.  The place tries to be a modern pharmacy - to be sure, it IS a working pharmacy, but there's loads of empty space on the walls and it has an unfinished feel to it.  There's way too much space...I'm thinking the building can't be touched because of the historic significance (oldest pharmacy in Las Vegas I believe) but there are creative ways to eat up the unused area.  The mashgiach (who doesn't think he is one, but he fits the definition) could use a course in Restaurant 101 or shouldn't be serving customers (and needs to wear gloves behind the counter when he's there)

I came in expecting a 50's-type soda jerk, and got...well, I got a good veggie burger and fries.  There is so much potential in the restaurant portion - Vegas is all about showmanship.  A server or server/cook combination in some sort of costume reflecting the theme would be great...better music to set the tone...tables being closer to the barside area.

I'm giving it three stars because the primary reason to go a restaurant is food - and it was excellent.  It's inexpensive ($32 for two people for burgers w/salad, shakes, and a side of fries is a great buy) but well made.  Don't expect to be wowed by the ambiance - unless they make improvements it's more to be ignored than admired.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(108/365) "Blast From The Past"

We stopped in for a bite after getting cut next door at Hi-Rollers. HPSF is Drugstore/Pharmacy/Diner run by a couple of gentleman, and as you step inside, it is as if you went back in time to the 50's and 60's. It is very spacious with dining booths as well as counter dining if you wish to do so. 

Perusing the menu, it seems like a lot of choices on paper, but they seemed to be out of a few selections as we were inquiring on certain menu items and descriptions.
Wifey and I narrowed it down and we split a Cowboy Burger with a couple of shakes.
She got a Strawberry Shake and I went with the Watusi Whopper. FYI, all burgers, sandwiches, and items that are usually made with meat are not. Every item is vegetarian, and they use veggie meat from Morning Star.

The burger and fries were pretty good even though nothing is made in-house, and the shakes were not as thick as I prefer, but decent. Service was good, and price point is reasonable. Stop in if you're in the area and give these guys a try! ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \u  3.25
Great service. Great ice cream-Old fashioned hand packed pints. Diner style kosher menu. Great for vegetarians. 
ENJOY!
Food is great for the price and they owner and employees are friendly. Best kosher ( no hersher tho) breakfast/brunch option in Las Vegas. You can eat anything that's on the menu all day long.
Good trip at least once

Tortilla Flat was a stop for gold miners and a post office for people around the area.  It has a population of 6.  Yes, it's small.  It has a cute little history written on the walls.

The best thing about this little stop is the saloon and general store.  I haven't tried any of the food in the saloon, but it's kind of neat to go in and look around.  The general store's little gem are the flavors of hand made ice cream.  

Mmmm...prickly pear ice cream.

Don't go to Tortilla Flat expecting a grand Disneyland feel, it's just a little surprising outcropping in the Superstition Mountains.  But if you're in the area and passing through, you HAVE to make a stop and try the ice cream at least.  Plus you get a little Arizona history in the system.
This is a good road trip. Actually, one of the primary reasons people visit Tortilla Flat is that the winding Apache Trail can potentially be a really fun road to take your sports car or motorcycle for a ride, and it's the last place to stop before the pavement ends. You can also find yourself stuck behind a slow truck with a boat trailer for 20 miles, so don't get your hopes up.

The food in the saloon is your basic pub grub (burgers, sandwiches, tacos). It was pretty good, and priced better than one would expect for a tourist trap. The general store is famous for it's prickly pear ice cream, which I'll leave to some other reviewer to describe (the mint chocolate chip was good). There's also an interesting little museum next door, about the size of a garden shed, with a little history of Tortilla Flat as a stagecoach stop.

It's worth checking out.
oh the kitchiness of the dessert... the walls are covered in one dollar bills.  all are signed by patrons and passers-by.  the bathroom has painted women (old west attire).  the bar has saddles that you sit on instead of stools.  

moving on to the food.
the water had a chlorine/salt taste to it.  their dr. pepper didn't taste much like dr. pepper, i think the soda water must have been fizzled out since there was little carbonation.  
they had a cheese crisp on the menu for $7ish.  it is a giant tortilla, covered with cheese, another tortilla, more cheese, and green chili's.  i peeled the chili's off, the flavor left was nice.  the cheese was a bit thick,  there was nothing all too exciting about this appetizer.
i got a burger with fries.  it was cooked well, which i like, but didn't ask for.  the fries were not too thin, mostly soggy (which i like).  not wet soggy, just the not crisp kind.
the chicken strips were larger than normal.  the cheese enchiladas are wonderful according to the one eating them.  as if they made the sauce themselves.  the blt was minimally built, very little bacon, considered "eh."

the waitress was nice, but flighty.  she wasn't direct with us, just kind of there.  when we asked for bbq, or refills, she never looked at us, but responded as she walked away.  didn't listen to our orders completely.  it was asked that chili's be put on half the crisp, but was on all of it.  i asked for just pickles on my hamburger, but it was naked.

the drive there is pretty.  i wouldn't see how anyone would be driving through here on a road trip, but if you are, it's not bad, but not wonderful.
Good day drive for us touristy folks!  Even more fun via motorcycle!  One of the only places left with the ever-so-delious prickly pear icecream!  For some reason, the bathrooms really stand out in my memory of this place.  Guess they were really fun for bathrooms with the paintings!  The saloon has all the things you'd expect in the wild west.  Saddle up!
Tourist trap in every sense of the word. Restaurant and gift shop are overpriced and the ice cream isn't anything special. Come to the area for the beautiful views, not for the food or souvenirs.

Visit Date: 11/20/09
Five stars for the photo ops. 

I found the combination of a few old buildings and rusty junk a perfect place to stop. I am not sure if it is tourist trap I did look in the store and the prices seemed about what they would be other places. I was only interested in lunch and photography and was able to do both successfully
Roads are good
Service not so good

This place is a tourist trap in every sense of the word. The restaurant and gift shop are overpriced for what you get and the ice cream isn't anything special. Service from the staff needs to be a lot better and treat the customers like you want them there. Always understaffed always waiting on food. Been there a half dozen time no improvement.

Do come to the area for the beautiful views, not for the food or souvenirs. Great road for motorcycles ride.

During the summer outdoor cooking.
Tortilla Flat is the kind of place you take out-of-towners when they're grating on your nerves and you threaten to leave them there unless they pull their act together. 

It's also a fun place to take out-of-towners and claim they have the best Mexican food in the state, only to see their disappointment when you get the Grande Nachos. 

Speaking of that restaurant, that's the best place to take MJB, hand her a red pen and their menu/newspaper and say "Go for it, baby. I found 14 grammatical errors above the fold." 

Okay. So that last one makes me appear to be an elitist, egotistical, insensitive prick. 

On a serious note, Tortilla Flat is a great place to take someone (or yourself) after Canyon Lake. It's only a few minutes away and is such a quaint locale. The dollars on the restaurant walls are enough for the trip. Walking along the river and seeing the power of water over stone is another reason. And feeling the sand that's been washed down is spectacular. (I have a sand collection of my travels and those of my friends, so sand in alcohol bottles means something deep to me...I just didn't have an empty bottle this time.) The food isn't great, but the staff are all characters and isn't that what a town of six permanent residents is all about??
Enjoyed the ride to the town, nice twisty road with some scenery! Liked the Bar Stools...They were sadles. Food was decent and beer cold what more can ya ask for!!! ENJOYED THE DAY! and learned a little more history!!! Go early since the place is VERY BUSY with snowbirds and bikers!!!
"Tourist Stop"  

Nestled off the Apache trail a little strip mall of an old west town sits.  It is really crowded with a lot of people, and we had a hard time finding a spot to park.  My husband and I were excited to stop in the saloon/resturant for some of there "famous chili" we read about on the web.  Walked into the restaurant and saw thousands of dollar bills stapled all around the interior with an old west vibe.  Hostess was really slammed with taking peoples names down for a table.  She told us a 10 minute wait.. I think it was more like 15, but whatever.  
We sat down and our waitress was off who knows where, we waited another 10 minutes to get our menu's and drinks.  I ordered a BLT sandwich, my husband ordered the "killer chili" and a burger meal.  Chili came out and was super bland, nothing spectacular about it....  Food was OK, Denny's quality, prices were descent.  Probably next time we will look for another restaurant in town before going on the Apache Trail ride...
I love this place!  I don't care if it's touristy or not.  Since I always bring people from out of town, it's kinda neat.  Coming from the midwest, we don't have much like this to offer, as far as scenery and wild west style.  It's a great couple hour get-a-way from the city, and it's a fun fun drive.  The chilli is great in my opinion, and I'm pretty darn picky about chilli.  Cheese crisp with green chillies on it is damn good too!   Their bathrooms are pretty funny too :)

Saddle up and grab a beer partner!
Got lucky coming here, It was just before the rush of tourist.  This place really does make you feel like a tourist though, whether that is a good thing or bad thing is your choice.  I will have to say the quality of food was better than expected, I got the chili and cheese crisp.  I hear the chili can go either way of agreeing or disagreeing with your stomach, but I got lucky here.  The sarsaparilla was especially refreshing I must say.

All in all, good place when you are in the mountains, but if you hate tourist, run away.
Yes, I am now of fan of Tortilla Flat.  There's not a lot of options in the eastern Phoenix area and this is a fun, historic place.  The drive is beautiful.  The bathrooms are unique, there's no phone service, dollar bills cover the walls, bar stools are saddles.  We had burgers & fries, and all was tasty.  We visited the general store and had some prickly pear ice cream.  It was a fun outing and we'll probably go again when visiting MIL in Apache Junction.
After a crazy drive doing the long loop of the 60 to the 188 to the 88 I was happy to have reached Tortilla Flat. I had been looking forward to saddling up at the bar, literally and grabbing a burger after what I read online.

The service was VERY friendly, the food was great, and it was an overall good experience. People were friendly and chatting with those around then, the food was tasty and came out quick, and it was the perfect spot to stop along the Apache Trail. Grabbed a Prickly Pear ice cream from the parlor and I was off.I am looking forward to going back.
We've eating here numerous times after a long grueling hikes through the eastern end of the Superstitions. Great place for a burger and beer. Be sure to ask for jalapenos ... they'll bring you a generous serving for your burgers. One note - the place is loaded with snowbirds in the winter during the daylight hours - and stay off the saddles at the bar - they look cute, but not too comfortable.
long drive for a touristy, drab area, with not much to do.
What a unique place to visit!  Alittle touristy, but alot of great spots for photo ops.  There is not much, but the name was so interesting that we had to check it out!
Quaint little stopping place on the way of the Apache Trail.
It's one street with parking and some old school buildings.
That really is about all there is to say about this place...
The place is cool for a touristy spot. The BBQ chicken sandwich was yummmmy! We went next door for some ice cream an it was ok.
When we arrived we headed to the saloon where we seated ourselves, waited a bit for service, When service did arrive, we were told to take our time, but felt rushed by the server.  A comment was made because I brought a special salad in I have to eat because of my health and doctor recommendations. My daughter and wife ate off the menu, and i split the lunch with my wife. Maybe it's because of health laws, which I was made aware of by the waiter, but the initial remark sparked this yelp comment.  He did tell me later he realized we did order from the menu, but reminded me you don't come into a bar and bring your own beer!   True, but then I also have to adhere to my food i brought and not letting it spoil in the hot car. I will not say i'm not at fault on this entirely, but  I should have consulted the manager prior. It's just that b4 making any comments at least question and find out why I had brought in the food; don't just assume, or state your policy politely.  The ice cream shop would even spot me a small complimentary scoop to see if it agreed with my tastes. So I said ok, never mind and walked out.  We didn't even bother going to the mercantile store!!  I'd not be interested to revisit this place
Be realistic. This is a place to stop, in the middle of nowhere, to get your buzz on for the winding ride back to civilization. It is the RIDE that is worth the saddle rash from sitting with your crotch rubbing on a saddle horn for two hours. (The bar stools are old western saddles, pommels included, ouch) The service is poor. WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?! Those poor people live in the middle of nowhere. They are very busy on their cell phones and talking to each other about their plans after work. Make sure you check out the SEXY calendar for sale, GIRLS OF TORTILLA FLAT, COUGH COUGH. That is their BEST selection, ya know.....While you are there ,walk around and see just how small the town's wooden (cardboard) schoolhouse was. The breakfasts are fine. Burgers fair. There are plenty of people having fun around you, tourists, bikers, so the vibe is good. Colorful and crowded with beer in a mason jar.  Be careful on that ride back if you drink, bring a driver cuz them cliffs are scaryyyyy.
Lunch was excellent. Everything was clean the beer cool. Going back for sure. Love the saddle bar chairs.
Beautiful location tucked in the valley, taking a great drive through the mountains, and suddenly you discover this wonderful place!

Yes, it's a bit touristy like and at certain times of the day, it's crowded, but it's worth stopping and checking out.  The saddle stools, the western feel, reminds me of a few old cowtown bars back home in Ft. Worth stockyards!  

It's a bar, so the food is just what you'd expect, nothing special, it was good to stop and enjoy the ambiance.
Well, it's nothing crazy. It's a stopping point where you can eat and do a bit of gift shopping along the Apache Trail. There was also a little museum (like, really little) where it has a bit of history or people who came as well as the story behind all the $1 bills that are stapled on all the walls of the businesses. We also ate there and I was pleasantly surprised. I had the grilled chicken burger (the one with green chile, cheese, bacon) and it was actually quite good and the chicken was moist. The BF had the chili in the bread bowl which was also very good. The chips were stale, so we left them, but that just helped us from overeating :-)
i've never been but since i have a visitor in town whom loves the old west, i couldn't resist driving out here. first off, the drive through the canyon is amazing! the rocks and cliffs and the lake is breathtaking to me. my dad however just wonders aloud every few minutes "how the hell did you get a wagon train out here? and why?" 
we arrived in tortilla flats, on a weekday, about 2pm and it was crawling with tourists. i had hoped to sit at the bar at the saloon but it was so packed with wisonsinites, new yorkers, and minnesotans, we decided to just walk around. 
i did read about the prickly pear gelato so we stopped by the ice cream shop and i tried some. it was surprisingly delicious. 
it takes all of 10 minutes to walk the tiny strip. there's a small museum at the end of the strip and apparently some hiking across the road. basically, it's a huge tourist draw, much like Helen, GA or Gatlinburg, TN. luckily, we found a parking spot right in front of the saloon so my knee-deficient father didn't have to walk far. 
i would return to take out-of-towners, but not for myself. the drive alone is worth it though.
Surprisingly good little tourist spot on the way through the Apache Trail,  this historic landmark was once a stop for the stagecoach.  We expected bland and standard fare, but got good quality fast food and good service.  I give it 4 stars for these points I note, and recommend you stop if you want a quick bite in a cool spot.
I live in Mesa,AZ and whenever we have guests in town or want too go for a nice drive , we head for Tortilla Flats. It is an awesome trip and many places to stop on the way too take pictures and just enjoy good old Arizona scenery. You can make a day of it by first stopping at Goldfield mining town, don't forget to take the mining tour and the train ride. Then hop in you car and head too Canyon Lake, it has a sandy beach for swimming, boat marina, restaurant, and a wonderful steam boat ride on the lake. They also have RV camping with boating and fishing. Then hop back in your car for a short ride to Tortilla Flats, a quaint little western town with the best 1/2 hamburger ever. Onion rings are great too plus lots more great food. They also have a little place that sells ice cream, yummy. This is 3/27 and the wild flowers are all in bloom along the road and over the desert and mountains, The ride is beyond beautiful. Hope you try it and don't forget your camera.
Try the snake bite venom draft. Very good.  Be patient on drive here, no need to hurry.
o.k. so It's been since the late 80's wheni was a tween since I've been here , and the popultion was just 'six' then too! It was such a nice way to trek out of Pheonix/tempe ,i plan to do it again sometime! Untill theni encourage you to go see tortilla flats for yourself and write your own review for me! o.k.?  /alexavier
I don't know about anyone else, but to me, this place seems sort of doomed. Based on the history lesson we learned in the tiny museum shack, Tortilla Flat has burned down or been destroyed somehow about 3 or 4 times. Consider the fact that it was supposedly started by a no-good, ragamuffin, low-down dirty thief/murderer who lost his booty somewhere out in the desert, maybe it wasn't meant to last this long. 

But this is America! We can keep anything alive and running if it earns enough money! Hallelujah, praise the sweet Baby Jesus!

According to some mathematical equation, they've estimated that the saloon/restaurant has over $80,000 in single dollar bills stapled to the walls, kindly donated by tourists and lookie-loo's from Round the World. The town itself was most recently purchased by some company for over 1.3 million dollars. It was originally purchased for $11,000. 

As of today in the Year of Our Lord 2013, the great attraction of Tortilla Flat is the burger in the restaurant, the live music in the saloon (only part of the year) and the Prickly Pear Gelato in the ice cream parlor (which you can't taste before you buy). 

It also doesn't hurt that the drive there is quite beautiful. We did it on a motorcycle and had a grand old time swooping around the curves and passing elderly out-of-towners in their comfortable SUVs. 

Might as well do it once if you live here, but I'm not sure I would recommend it to visiting Snow Birds.
I really enjoy making the drive out here from Mesa. When I have out of town visitors and after I couple of days they get tired of the seeing desert-khaki hell we call home I drive them out to show that we have some nice views. Tortilla Flats is a stop along the Apache Trail and basically just four buildings: a store that has some touristy items, turquoise jewelry, purses, and also sells the Tonto Pass for those going back to the lake. The bar is nice - I had pancakes there one morning and they were huge. The general store has a good selection of ice cream. I had the prickly pear and a bottle of sarsaparilla. The final building is the small museum. In the past I never had cell reception, but my most recent trip I was able to pick it up. It is a short drive from Mesa but a completely different landscape along the way. Everyone I have brought from out of town was surprised to see the lake, the beautiful cacti, and the nice rocky landscape.
Got together with Mike C., Jackie C. & Robyn N. today for an outing up to Tortilla Flat here today & I thought the whole experience was just great!


THE SUPERSTITION SALOON:

We arrived early to enjoy a meal here before the "Steamboat" ride.  This is a screwball place with $100,000 wallpapering the entire place in Dollar bills, various animal heads, skins & whatnot decorating the walls, & so on.  

I went with a "Bull Rider" (or something like that) burger, which came with 1/2 Lb. of meat, lettuce, tomato, pickles, mild green pepper strips, bacon and cheese, plus a good side of fries.  Fun restaurant, great burger & service, good coffee!

Bull Rider Burger & Fries $8.99, Coffee $1.85.

= = = = = =

THE DOLLY STEAMBOAT:

This nice, pretend Paddlewheel Steamer takes you for a leisurely 2-hour ride up to the other end of long, skinny Canyon Lake here.  The boat can hold a little over a hundred people, and there were around 60 of us onboard for this fun ride, including the friendly, knowledgeable staff.  It's a 2-Story boat with windows all along the sides.  The downstairs is air conditioned & upstairs the windows were open, so you have a choice of atmosphere.  There are also outdoor areas to hang out both at the forecastle and the stern.  I split my time between the cool & warm, breezy areas.  

Everything about this boat and the ride were just great... a real class presentation.  The scenery is beautiful up here and we enjoyed seeing a variety of wildlife including several Bighorn Sheep and a Bald Eagle perched on a ledge of the cliff side.  It was a great outing all around!

Boat Ride:  $22 (& 2-for-1 with Groupon).     :-))
A scenic drive 12 miles east of the valley brought us to Tortilla Flat, an old stagecoach stop with a population of 6 that is now a saloon and general store. This is like stepping into the 1800s with the wood plank walk way and hitching posts to the hand carved wooden Indian that greets you at the entrance of the saloon. I found it odd that the music in the background was 70s & 80s pop but everything else about the dcor looked authentic. The walls are papered with dollar bills that patrons have signed and dated over the years. 
    They have a full bar with the usual mixed drinks and beers as well as a couple local micro-brews. The grub on the other hand is not your typical bar food. They have a western theme and flavor to the dishes they serve up. I have had the "killer chili" served in a bread bowl and topped with shredded cheese. Not too spicy but just enough kick to give it that southwest flavor. Today I ordered the "killer sized burger". It was a 1/2 pound patty covered in chili and topped with cheese and a side of fries. It was all I could eat. 
   The price was reasonable and the experience worth the drive out. I like to bring visitors from out of town here for lunch and to buy souvenirs. This goes on my list of places to take friends and relatives to when they visit.
This place is a fun stop and a tourist trap. But get past the trap and enjoy, burgers are good and prices decent.  story written outside about Jacob Waltz and the lost gold mine is pure BS but so what it is a tourist trap.
I would rather eat dog food that has been left in the hot desert sun for a month. Their "cheese" amounts to moist paste with a dash of flavor. There is nothing special about this place aside from the quaint old cowboy feel. I would rather starve then spend my money here again. The best thing I consumed there was my beer. Do not believe the hype it cafeteria hot plate food with western names. Awful.
Worth a visit for the atmosphere and the beer. The food was just OK. Even the famous chili was so-so. Yeah, it was damn hot. But not that tasty. The waitress we had was indifferent and acted as if we were an inconvenience. I wouldn't go back.
I love this little place. It's touristy and who doesn't love a little kitsch? We enjoy sitting at the bar on the saddles and having a sarsaparilla. We don't usually eat here but have had the burgers and think they are good. It's all about the location!

I have gone on a Sunday when they had live music and are grilling outdoors. Don't know the "When's"  of this event? It is a fun stop while at the lake.
You can buy a Tonto day pass at the store. The store also has a nice selection of Arizona books and wildflower guides, hiking books and all things regional.
I love Tortilla Flat. Total tourist trap yes, but definitely a must see. The downfall is that the food at the restaurant leaves much to be desired. I had a grilled chicken dish that was served on top of a piece of lettuce and a folded tortilla with fruit salad on the side. Such a bizarre combo, but it was the healthiest thing I could find on the menu. Go in, grab a beer and check the place out. Save your meal for someplace else though.
All I can say about this place is that it is a classic tourist trap.  They know that the snowbirds will flock in no matter how horrible the food is.

I am a local who has avoided this place until today when I finally succumbed to a friend's insistance that I try it.  I ordered the enchalada's.  What  a disgusting mess was delivered to my table.  The enchalada's were hard as logs and I could barely cut them with a knife. The taste was not much better.  It was quite apparent that this product was frozen and then microwaved prior to serving.  Despite the fact that I was quite hungry, barely ate any of my lunch.

Again, this is a tourist trap and clearly they care little about the quality of the food.  It's a nice scenic area, but do you yourself a favor an eat before you drive up there.  This food is horrid.
Went here last Wednesday-DEFINITLEY worth the trip!! Although it is pretty far out there. They have amazing hot dogs. I got the cowboy hot dog (simple I know) but they also have amazing burgers and soups/chowders!! Amazing!
One of my favorite type of places...a tourist trap! 

We eschewed spring training baseball in favor of visiting Tortilla Flat and chewing on some pretty good food at the Tortilla Flat Superstition Saloon. Our waitress, Mitzy, heartily recommended the Venom, a poisonous combination of excellent beef and unearthly hot chili.  She put it on the chili aficionado's hot scale of 7-8 out of 10. Good call, Mitz! The amber house beer, also with Venom as part of its title, was a bit thin but not too bad for a house beer, sort of like a Michalob brown/amber. Anyhow, it went well with the chiliburger.

Of course, part of the Superstition ambiance is the huge collection of dollar bills that covers the walls and ceiling. According to my wife, the women's restroom also had its own personality with head cutouts on the doors. To take full advantage of this novelty, you'd have to find someone willing to forgo the real reason for entering the restroom so your picture could be taken. 

The restaurant seating is tightly orchestrated. Unfortunately, a loutish foursome from "cheesehead" country tried to outshout each other about the perceived shortcomings of the food and service. Lunch over, we ambled past the few businesses of Tortilla Flat. The bellicose Wisconsin gentleman found another couple from his home state and they did some sort of bucolic ritual that involved calling each other a cheesehead and bumping elbows. 

Don't you just love tourist traps!
We took a ride up the Apache trail to Tortilla Flats, we were there around 1pm and the Saloon was real busy. We were able to sit at the bar and had the pleasure of sitting in saddles. I had the chili for an appetizer, warning it is very spicy hot. I had the taco salad for main dish, it was ok, I was kind of disappointed. My wife had the turkey sandwhich, she was pleased with her food. Very interesting place to eat and worth a stop for lunch on the way to Roosevelt dam.
What a place. Fun, a nice scenic drive, a live band, a great ice cream parlor. A fantastic hot chili that we gobbled up. A fantastic burger. One half pound of juicy great arizona beef. Good fries. You people, this is a chili and burger place and you order fish in the middle of nowhere and expect goumet. Thet are known for their great burgers and chili, not there chicken, turkey and fish. They also make some great Mexican food and taco salads.
Saddle-up at the bar.  :)
No, seriously... hop up into a saddle and sit at the bar.
(Note... there is a small dining area that you can sit in as well as an outdoor patio area which I recommend when it's nice outside.)

Hubby and I were out roaming around on a Saturday.... so we had a brew and a snack (shared the beef hot dog) before we continued roaming around.  The folks here are a little rough around  the edges but nice. 
The beef hot dog was excellent... and the pretzel bun that it was served on was Spot On!  I gotta find me some pretzel hot dog buns.  :)

For the females... check out the bathroom... super cute.  :)
Guys... I have no idea what they have in your bathroom so I can't say.  LOL!
Halfway along the Apache Trail is a little stop off called Tortilla Flat. For many, this is the place to turn back to Phoenix because the road after is smaller and unpaved.  But if you're committed to taking the entire trail, this is a must stop for a bathroom break.  I also heard a little somethin' somethin' about some Prickly Pear Gelato so yeah, I had to add that to my list of to do's.  You can't miss it, it's right along the trail and it's the first form of civilization you come across.

Tortilla Flat is an authentic remnant of an old west town, nestled in the midst of the Tonto National Forest, in the Superstition Mountain Range. Tortilla Flat started out as a stagecoach stop in 1904.  Tortilla Flat is presumed to be Arizona's smallest official "community" having a U.S. Post Office and voter's precinct. The town has a population of 6. Originally a camping ground for the prospectors who searched for gold in the Superstition Mountains in the mid-to-late 19th century, Tortilla Flat was later a freight camp for the construction of Theodore Roosevelt Dam.

The name "Tortilla Flat" originated from the cowboys who used to drive cattle from Globe to Phoenix. While in Phoenix, rancher Mr. Cline and his fellow cowboys celebrated their sale, and, having a little too much to drink, forgot to get supplies while they were in town. They ended up with only flour to make tortillas when they camped at the flat and were stranded. Lucky for me, they now have Prickly Pear Cactus Gelato!  It's VERY sweet, especially at 10 a.m., but I just had to have it! If I would of had more time, I wish I could have stopped off at the restaurant for a meal.  

If you're looking for more than a fix for your sweet tooth (or jerky, postcards, nuts and tourist junk which can all be had at the general store), the restaurant is the only place to go actually.  There's nothing else around! And it's the only place with a restroom.  The quick view of the walls plastered with dollar bills from visitors all over the world (didn't leave one) and the cutesy painted bathrooms are worth a peek too.
For being about the only restaurant in this general area, is was not too bad.  I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich which came with fries.  Overall it was good, but I had to ask for a side of BBQ sauce as it was a bit dry.  The side of cole slaw was very good--who doesn't love to dump it on top of the sandwich?!  My wife got the cheeseburger, and said it was just like off the grill, pretty good.
The dcor was obviously Old West and where they staple signed $1 bills to the wall from customers, very similar to the restaurant in Oatman, AZ.  Outside on the patio  there was live music, daily between 12-4.
I've been to Tortilla Flats several times in my life.  Both on a Harley and a vehicle. On my last trip we took the Apache Tl down and stopped at TF for some gelato.  Prickly Pear gelato that is!  Wow, awesome.  We also had a piece of fudge.  Also good.

After getting our gelato we walked around the building of TF.  I've heard that this place has burnt down several times and had to be rebuilt.  I have been inside the restaurant a while ago, and their burgers were great.  If I was actually hungry I'd go inside to order one.

Our stay didn't last long though, after touring the building, we finished our gelato and made our drive back to Phx.   

One last thing, the drive is long, and twisty, but it's very beautiful and worth it to come down here.
Ambiance is great, prickly pear ice cream is good! The bathrooms in the saloon have like 3ft tall doors, so other women can definitely see inside. I had my mom stand in front of mine and I did for her, kinda weird. There's a small museum, like I mean a closet, with the history of Tortilla Flats, it's neat. We came here from phoenix and this was our turn around point.
We were looking for something to do on Mother's Day so we opted for a drive. Since I have been wanting to come out here for a while we headed that direction. We had a bit of a drive just to reach the Apache Trail but it wasn't too bad. The road once you past Goldfield becomes very curvy so plan on taking your time and just enjoy the ride. It seemed like around every turn was another "Wow look at that" view. We stopped a few times along the way to enjoy the scenery. When we reached our destination we enjoyed looking in the gift shop that had tons of cool stuff in it. I could have spent way more time, and money, in there than I did. The also have a little general store where you can buy drinks, trinkets and candy as well as ice cream. The ice cream seemed to be very popular. We decided to go ahead and have lunch in the saloon. 
The saloon was not too busy although they had a large stack of pagers so I imagine some days there will be a wait. The saloon itself is pretty unique and I thought the saddle bar stools were awesome. The good was reasonable priced and pretty good. I would definitely return again the next time we are out for a drive. It was fun playing tourist for the day
Seriously....middle of nowhere joint, but they really put a great effort into the food and it shows.  We were a group of ten at 2 pm on a Wednesday.  Not a bad thing to say about the place or the food. 

Draft beer served in mason jars. Give you Sharpies to decorate your dollars for the walls.  Service was super too. Saddle up to the bar....literally. All was great!!!
Sometimes, the best way to appreciate life is to take yourself to the very pits of it, and just revel in the sheer destitution. Princes Mall Food Court may be a bleak, depressing and foul-smelling experience all rolled into one, but it's also quite unforgettable for those same reasons.

Effectively a collection of chain fast food joints surrounding a sprawling mass of cheap late 80s tables, the first thing you'll notice is that the punters are all under 16 or over 65. Those that aren't are rarely in possession of all their limbs, or teeth.

I'm not the type to snicker at fast food to try and convince both myself and others I've a shred of class, so I can appreciate the outlets here for what they are, and to some extent, enjoy them. It's just the customers that make it difficult. Every time you look up, you will definitely catch a glimpse of someone who's appearance and / or eating habits puts you off your lunch, so your best bet is just to keep your head down and get on with it. This can actually make your saturated fat-laden feast that bit more enjoyable, as you'll likely concentrate solely on the eating to blank out the misery of your surroundings.

It stinks too. Really bad. Yet it has to be experienced at least once, preferably via KFC or Harry Ramsden's. Spud-U-Like looks very tempting as well and I'll go for that one next time I can muster up enough self-loathing to set foot in here.
Much like the whole of Princes Mall, the food court isn't anything special. The only thing it has going for it is it's convenient location to Waverly Station so if you're in a rush you can nip in and out before jumping on your train. In my case, I'll usually nip into Spud-u-Like which I think is the best of the bunch the food court has to offer and I can never turn down a baked potato with beans and cheese. Mmm.

If spuds aren't your thing then you can choose from the almighty Harry Ramsden's, McDonalds, Subway, KFC, O'Briens or Costa. Take your pick. The main downside, is the fact that this place feels like the most depressing shopping centre in the world so I wouldn't choose to eat here if I wasn't in a rush because it's not the nicest place to spend more time than you have to.
I will say if you just around for a very quick shop this is the place for you. New look,  gleneagles, Joy among others. I rate this a 3 as I've been using the centre a lot lately as that just happens to be where the social case of where my fluttering by has been.
Just a busy fast food area. Nothing special really unless your looking for some grease and fat for the arteries. Just ducked in to buy some coffee which was not that good anyways. Just needed the caffeen to boost moral! Otherwise I hardly go in here unless I have to use the bathroom which cost 30P or so btw so make sure you have change on hand. Other then that really there isnt much to say about here. Gave the 2-star cause the place was clean and so are the loos.
This place is just your typical food court in a typical mall/shopping centre. It has a good selection and is located right in the heart of Edinburgh with great transport links just a few steps away.

There not much to say about it to be honest it really is just as it says, a food court.
Walking down South Clerk st. you may just stumble upon this often ignored little Tibetan crafts and tea shop.

The Himalaya Shop (still sometimes known as Himalaya Art and Craft) is shop specilising in Tibetan clothes, craft and other bits and bobs. At the back of the shop is a small cafe serving a range of teas and some simple snacks. Here they sometimes show films as well as hosting live music. It's a small space but its cosy and they make the most of it.

The Himalaya shop supports the Free Tibet group and other charities. It also functions as a meeting place for like minded groups and those wanting to savour the atmosphere of Tibet and Northern India.

The owners are friendly and chatty. I got the impression they ran this shop because they felt they were doing something good with it. This gives the place a genuine feel. 

I was welcomed in and introduced the shop. Before long I was being served some spiced chai and chatting to the man sitting at the opposite table (there are only two large tables).

A really interesting and unique shop.
It could be very easy to walk straight past this quaint little shop, but it is definitely worth a look. It is a unique shop to Edinburgh, specialising in creating a Tibetan and Indian atmosphere. The Himalaya Shop is primarily an art shop, selling a vast variety of ethnic crafts such as hand made jewellery, clothes, candles and silk scarves. 

There is a tea room in the back of the shop which sells traditional Tibetan food and has an enticing range of teas, my absolute favourite is the spiced chai, although it is a tad expensive at almost 2 a mug. They also have a variety of homemade cakes which are delicious and the staff are always friendly and inviting.  The Himalaya Shop now also have Wi-Fi so it is great place to take your laptop and catch up on some work.

The Himalaya shop also has a meditation room and a beautiful and peaceful garden in the back so it is great place to go to take some time out and relax.
This little shop/caf seems to be a jack of all trades! I've always admired the beautiful jewellery in the display windows, which it turns out are traditional hand made Tibetan pieces. There is also a little sitting area, called the Tea Room in the rear of the shop. It's run by volunteers, and with its fundraising efforts, Himalaya definitely reminds me of another more "organic" hang out, the Forest Caf!

They also offer yoga classes, and sell several books, some on the theme of spirituality and Buddhism. It's definitely worth a visit, and a refreshing change from some of the other stores around it, which can seem monotonous after a while.
The Himalayan shop is so amazing.

Chilled out with a family friendly atmosphere, the staff are unbelievably accomodating and very friendly. They make you feel at home as your browse the Himalayan jewellery and hats in the shop, and chat away to you as you sit in the cafe. 

The cafe is particularly awesome. I tried some of their chai tea which was lovingly made by a girl who was relatively new to the cafe. She had moved to Scotland for a few months from Estonia so we had an interesting chat about uni and life in general. She was very passionate about making me the perfect cup of chai tea - I wasn't brave enough to try the chilli in it this time but it had enough of a kick to wake me up.

As much as their cushioned tea room was inviting, with the lovely smell of soup wafting out from the pot and with their wooden seats littered with colourful cushions, I had to go. I had some serious reviewing business to attend to. But I promised the girl that I would return to give her a verdict on the tea, which I am now about to do - it was terrific! Spicy and comforting, I drank every drop.

I will go back to this shop/tea room for sure - very unique and utterly delightful!
I went into Himalaya to meet a friend, and to hide another. It was a surprise visit. And we smuggled my friend in wearing a scarf and a hat and under the impression that we had done a good job. But what a fail. It was the first time I'd been there and I had no idea what to expect, but it was a really sweet space full of autumnal colours (mainly their merchandise) that I had to avert my eyes from out of a fear of buying everything at hand. 

And when you walk in, you might be under the temporary impression that that's that, but through another doorway there's a sweet little cafe permeated in a delicious smell--of chai and homemade food. This Shop/Cafe is pretty much exemplary of a city's little secret. Go on discover it.
This exporter of Tibetan arts and crafts is one of Edinburgh's independent  store gems. As well as selling great little ethnic-naks, Himalaya houses a cute tea shop, with some amazing herbal teas. Walking in, it is apparent that the shop has a very indie feel to it, with scarves and multi coloured hats, bags and accessories adorning the walls. To add to this, it is also a charity shop, raising money for Tibet, which I think most people would agree is a worthy cause. 

The shop is similar to many of those Asian stores you can find dotted around selling pashminas, but the quality is much better, and it has a much more varied stock. They sell cool alternate jewellery, very hippy-ish but at the same time fashionable. The bracelets and necklaces are really good, and for the ladies there is a good selection of earrings. They also have bags and other accessories and weirdly yoga sessions at affordable prices. 

The tea shop is awesome as well, selling some amazing types of chai. There is a really chilled out (almost stoner-esque but a bit more productive) atmosphere, and many people end up chatting to each other without knowing who they are, there is a good community feel. The staff are good fun and the prices are cheap. Definitely one of the best cafs around and you are helping out a good cause so well worth a visit
I cannot give this place any more stars, though I wish I could!

I came here for the first time a couple of weeks ago with my boyfriend, and we were very hungry. Upon entering, we were already in love with the decor: Indian tapesteries and fabrics, buddhist mantras and colourful cushions, covered in sequins. This is a vegetarian cafe, and a very ethical one. The cafe and shop produce partially go towards helping out charities in Tibet, and the premise is often used to host University tibet society meetings, vegetarian society socials and various other events. 

There was one waitress working, and she was really attentive and smiley. She showed me the menu, and then when I was indecisive about what to order, she showed me the two curries of the day. I went for the 'small' curry, and my boyfriend chose the large one. We also ordered two soya chais. Whilst waiting for our lunch, my boyfriend went around taking photos as the interior was so beautiful! It eventually arrived, and couldn't have looked more appetizing: a very colourful curry with potatoes, courgettes, runner beans and various other local ingredients, in a spicy curry, accompanied by a large fresh salad, saffron rice, and a variety of dipping sauces (thai sweet chilli, hot chilli etc). My boyfriend had the same, but with the addition of a potato and spinach curry. Our chais arrived with the meal, and the waitress offered us honey or brown sugar. All this for 14!

Everything was really delicious, the service was superb, and I felt like I could have stayed there all day! There is wi-fi, there are a variety of exciting looking cakes (including some which are vegan), and there are also a few falafel wraps on offer. Do come here if you're in the area, I very much doubt that you'll regret it.
Love the interior of this place. It's so peaceful and calming. It helps me to work my essays and I would love to come back here just to enjoy the masala chai tea. They apparently made it from scratch so it's definitely special. The room has a really nice ambience with colorful wall decorations and instrumental music.
Am letzten Tag meines Schottland-Urlaubs ist es doch noch passiert.

Ich war gewarnt, ich ahnte, was mich erwarten wrde, aber kurz vor dem Rckflug hatte ich keine Hemmungen mehr und es einfach getan.

Ich habe Haggis gegessen!!

Ich habe ihn nicht nur gegessen, ich habe ihn als Teil eines original schottischen Frhstcks zu mir genommen. Haggis ist das schottische Nationalgericht, das aus einem in einem Schafsmagen ber Stunden gekochten Gemisch aus durchgedrehten Schafsinnereien, Schafsnierenfett, Zwiebeln und Hafermehl besteht. 

Der seifig penetrante Geschmack von Leber und Haferflocken wollte sich schon nach dem ersten Biss im gesamten Gaumen festsetzen, hatte aber keine Chance. Denn ich hatte ja noch black pudding auf meinem Teller. Die gebratene Scheibe aus Blut, Milch, Rindertalg und ebenfalls Hafermehl hielt auf sehr robuste Art geschmacklich dagegen.

Zu dem ebenfalls zugehrigen Wrstchen und dem Rhrei mchte ich nichts sagen, aber wer solche Frhstcke erfindet, muss vor Hunger schon halb wahnsinnig gewesen sein. Dazu passt, dass in Schottland beim Anschneiden des Haggis sogar Oden vorgetragen werden sollen.

Im The Rail Bridge ist solches nicht vorgekommen. Die freundlich-heimelige Atmosphre, der Blick auf die berhmte Forth Road Bridge, der flinke Service und der Genuss des zum Frhstck servierten Tees lieen die Welt langsam wieder in einem anderen Licht erscheinen, eine liebenswerte Welt ohne Blut, Leber und Haferschleim. 

Warum sich die Schotten aber ber Jahrhunderte gegen feindliche bernahmen wehren mussten, ist mir endgltig ein Rtsel.
Quite busy here when myself and friends popped in on the way back from this years's Rock Ness festival but we managed to get a table at the window and so had the pleasant view across to Fife whilst we ordered and ate. No-one had any complaints about the food (Haggis, Neeps & Tatties, Cajun Salmon) and the service was friendly and as quick as could be expected given the time of day and amount of other customers. I'd have no reservations about going back. Made it back here last night for a quick pint and opted to share the cheese board which turned out to be let down by a lack of chutney to accompany it (depite the fact that they sell jars of the stuff in the attached shop). They were unable to serve filter coffee either. Schoolboy error on someone's part but service & the cheeses themselves were fine.
On the main running into the old town of South Queensferry, the Rail Bridge Bistro sits perfectly, overlooking the Firth of Forth and the coastal towns of the Kingdom of Fife. 

The Bistro is a great place to pop in and have your breakfast or lunch, or even just for a quick bite to eat with a coffee! For breakfast one can have a full Scottish cooked breakfast or even go continental with French toast! Prices are quite reasonable with a cooked breakfast costing less than seven pounds. The lunch menu is dominated by the bistro's locality, with seafood dishes offered throughout the menu. The Bistro was quite busy when I paid it a visit and seemed very popular with tourists! 

After you're fed and watered, one can pay the wee gift shop a visit, however, a warning to all, this shop is heavily stocked with your usual tacky tourist gifts! 

Try the Bistro and least and try and pass by the gift shop!
One of my fave restaurants in South Queensferry. Great views over the Firth. Laid back atmosphere and fantastic food.

If it looks full downstairs, there is more seating upstairs, just go in and ask!

Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
The is a decent spot to go for a drink or a bite to eat in South Queensferry. The food is reasonably good and the service is pleasant and attentive. But the real magic is in the view out the front: straight across the Forth to Fife and - most dramatically - right between the rail bridge and the road bridge. If weather permits one can drift out to the very pleasant terrace and enjoy the view all the more. 

This is not necessarily a place to make a massive fuss about, in, or around. It's decent, it has a steady reputation, and it caters for a number of different tastes quite nicely.
Well it appears South Queensferry is a right wee source of buried treasure.

Already a fan of the Hawes Inn, I might never have discovered the Raild Bridge had Jennie and her folks not recommended it to me. 

Its glass front looks out onto a tremendous view of the Forth and its Bridges. A good start... and it only gets better from there.

As happenstance had it, we chose a rather inopportune weekend to hit Queensferry as there were all manner of fundraising activities on the go down at the waterfront. This subsequently meant that finding a parking spot would be a feat worthy of fundraising in itself.

Not wanting to spend all our time searching be for nought, I ran in to see if there were any tables available. Not only did the gentleman inside confirm he had space for us, he would also hold onto the table until we found a space. Legend.

From our table on the upper floor we were gifted a grand view of the restaurant via its impressively wide balcony area. The artwork and Rail Bridge memorabilia all over the place were a constant source of conversation and entertainment, my particular favourite being the illustration on the wall depicting John Fowler and Benjamin Baker demonstrating the cantilever system.

The food was gorgeous. I started with the Stornoway Black Pudding and Chorizo Salad (see the photo, that's an order!) although the term 'salad' seemed to be a formality. What I was presented with was the best cut of chorizo I've ever had from a restaurant. The dish was a work of art, combining two of my favourite foods and tasted as good as it looked. For mains I chose the Railbridge Burger, 100% Scottish beef topped with MacSween's haggis and melted cheddar, served in a ciabatta bun and with chips and slaw. Oh wow. The bun was brilliantly soft and the burger, so tasty. Not often I eat a meal slowly because I don't want it to end... certainly not a burger.

Staff were flawless in their courtesy. It seemed as if everyone who worked there was a personal acquaintance of the owner and didn't want to disappoint.

All reasonably priced, all reasonably excellent!
Of all the China Towns that i've been in, this has got to be the worse.
I know were dealing with Las Vegas here, where everything is a cheap illusion of the original location... thats why we have White People pretending to be black, and Filipinos pretending to be Hawaiians.  But thats not the point, No, i'm not going to go off on a tangent about the social Structure  of the Las Vegas society, i'm going to rant off about how horribly done this "China Town" is.

The stores in the area are pathetic, the location is industrious and full of repaire shops (meaning everything smells like Diesel) and 85% of the actual vendors are White/Filipino  dressing up their establishment to fit the 'Style'....There's nothing Chinese about this place other than the name sake so that Las Vegas can officially state that they have one... after all, all major cities have a China Town, why not Vegas?
Compared to other Chinatowns around the world, ours is a meek and humble stretch of shops and restaurants. 'Size does not matter' seems to be the right expression, but I cannot help but think about LA, San Fransisco, Melbourne, and Sydney's homage to Chinese immigrants. Still I will take my stance to say that Las Vegas' serves its purpose. For those into mythology, you are greeted by a statue of the Monkey King from the classic Chinese tale, Journey to the West. It is situated at the center of the plaza. There is some culture for you Las Vegans. 

Just a casual  glimpse around your surroundings you will see everything that is important to Asian people. An abundance of restaurants to spend quality time with your family in. Trinket outlets that are filled with lucky charms, books, and anime statutes. Cosmetic and medicinal shops for our never ending quest to look and stay young. Tea places and bakeries to satisfy the sweet tooth. 

Finally, my favorite, the video store. Get your mind out of the gutter, they do sell dvds of the adult variety, but the variety of Korean dramas with English, Chinese, and Japanese subtitles are what I am interested in. Most range around twenty to twenty five dollars for the series. Korean dramas only do one season, normally consisting of 16-24 episodes. The weekend dramas can go up to the hundreds, but I never looked at how much those are. Sometimes they do clearances where you can get them for ten dollars. The store is located near the elevator.  The store smells like sulfur, or rotten eggs once in a while. I have also walked in, at the wrong time, and saw the person at the desk displaying a sex toy to someone. If you are not deterred by these events then you are brave enough to go.
This is a newer (possibly cleaner) version of Chinatown as compared to other larger cities (and this is speaking from someone who is from the largest, oldest, and established one outside of China, San Francisco).  This is the main one- but a few other community strip malls in the area (more along Spring Mountain) followed years after, so there are more choices for us all. So this ends the conversation about it being "small." 

Years ago, when the 99 Ranch store opened here, I came here quite a bit  for coconut drinks, baked goods, magnolia ice cream, boxed mussels, and thai tea in cans. This store is busy with loyal customers. But, as the years went by, there is a higher asian population here in Las Vegas in general, so naturally, there are more asian stores around town, all over, in fact (so I have not been in 99 Ranch recently). Not like when we moved here two decades ago, there were just a few stores available to us. Anyway, I am a big fan of the bakery to the right of the shopping plaza (sometimes I come here specifically for some asian baked goods), inside the shopping center (more stores inside, trinkets and such), which has a separate entrance BTW. I've also been to some of the restaurants (on two levels), and when that BBQ place opened, my older brother bought food for many family parties (heard that the table service was pretty rude, though). We've been to the jewelry stores, but they are like tourist traps (high prices- avoid them). There is a Kapit Bahay (Filipino) restaurant on the other side (separate from the strip mall, closer to the Spring Mountain side), but I've never been.   

The parking lot is very busy (so watch out for tour buses). Furthermore, Spring Mountain is a fast paced street, so oncoming traffic sometimes makes it difficult to exit the shopping plaza. And like I said, there are other asian shopping plazas nearby on Spring Mountain, for your asian goods/dining needs.
Not much to do here. The restaurants here aren't that great and went into this restaurant that had dirty dishes and we just walk off and left. The mall that they had here was pretty cool. I got to buy some  hairclips and there were some cute pandas on the top floor of the mall. This is a great place for buying cheap souvenirs and little trinkets.
It's not exactly the touristy looking Chinatowns that we're all accustomed to, but rather a central Asian destination in the heart of the Las Vegas area. There are lots of Chinese, Taiwanese, Thai, and Vietnamese restaurants inside the Chinatown Plaza and it's perimeter. I like that I can find something decent to eat beside the buffets and fast food restaurants that Las Vegas is known for.
At first I was sketchy of the Vegas Chinatown.  But after having some awesome Dim Sum at Harbor Seafood I am now a huge fan. 

I happened to be here a couple of days after the calendar new year.  They were having a sale in the Chinatown Hall.  I was so excited to see Mah Jong earings!  I bought like 10 pairs...unfortunately they did not have all of the tiles...otherwise I would have bought all of the right ones to make a winning hand. 

Like all good Chinatowns, there is a healthy dose of gaudy cheesy Chinese stuff and few good authentic restaurants.  

Although I don't know why I am surprised..Chinese people Vegas so it would make sense to have an awesome Chinatown here.
There are lots of good restaurants for chinese dim sum and korean food. the shopping mall is not big but has a newly opened shop for pearl drinks. i like the toy shops and souvenir shops. Also there is a ranch 99 next to it. I always like to shop there for asian snacks and drinks.
Lots of varied stores, restaurant and shops.
Maybe it's because I've never been to another city's Chinatown, but I really enjoyed coming here while in Vegas for EDC. 

We ate dinner down the road at Mr. Tofu (incredibly delicious btw!) and headed to the plaza to do a little shopping. Yes, the plaza is a little dirty, bu8t that's Vegas for you. We saw at least 4 places for boba drinks (yum!), an expansive traditional Chinese bakery, and lots of little shops for cheap souvenirs and trinkets. We also visited the Ranch 99 for some soy milk and chocolate panda bears. 

I'd love to visit again and try some of the other food places around here. Lots and lots of Korean bbq, pho, banh mi and other Asian deliciousness to be found.
Best Chinese food in Vegas!
Watch out when your around the area! Asians can't drive worth for SHHHHH&&^! lol! It's true I myself catch myself not paying attention sometimes! Sorry to the lady I almost hit! LOL!

This place is located on Spring Mountain, Chinatown area. This plaza has all the restaurants, boba tea, novelty gifts, dessert places, massage parlors, asian grocery. Heck this place reminds me of china sometimes with all the rude asians pushing and shoving not saying excuse me! But oh wells! Im still a fan because you can find pretty much everything that is asian related in the area.. I was looking for Bird's nest soup and they have an herbal store located in this plaza which has the bird's nest soup.. ( good for the skin by the way).. I usually hit this place up when im looking for medicinal items like the white flower liquid that helps me breathe during allergy season or my green tea, and I mean the real deal straight from the tree green tea.. Also, when i didn't like the layout of my unit in my apartment I had to look for Trinity Coins to block out my roommates negative energy, long and be hold this plaza had trinity coins located inside their Chinatown shopping mall.

Overall I've been coming here since i was in high school, You will find all the asian remedies, foods and novelty items here at this plaza.
Back in 1999, Kenny Guinn declared this part of Spring Mountain as "China Town" because apparently all Asians in Clark County are Chinese. Sure, you can argue that all Asian people did originate from the Chinese, but thats not the point. 

The Chinatown Plaza was the very first China themed mall in Chinatown. And today the Chinese community of Las Vegas is very honored that the most famous resident of Chinatown is Floyd Mayweather.

This shopping center has a Filipino Restaurant, a couple of Pho places, a ton of Korean restaurants, and a huge shopping mall to buy Chinese gifts and Beckoning Cats. Like only 30% of this shopping center actually features Chinese businesses.

Remember that Chinese food has a 5000 year history. So that's why so many of our favorite Japanese and Korean dishes look so similar. Every other Asian country stole their cuisine from China. A lot of you know that Ramen originated in China, but did you know that Sushi also originated in China  as well?

Most of us use this shopping center as a place to park because the shopping center with Ichiza, Yagyu Yakiniku, and Anime Ramen has no parking spaces. I've never been towed, but recently they hired this gigantic Native-American parking enforcer who looks f*cking scary!

When I first moved to Las Vegas, I immediately noticed that all the different ethnic groups of Asian people hated each other. There was a gigantic and vicious inter-Asian rivalry going on. I didn't like this one bit because as a young child, I grew up in Arcadia, where one of the most brutal concentration camps for Japanese-Americans once existed. As a child I remember seeing Chinese-Americans get told to "go back to Japan". During the LA Riots, many African-Americans in the area used to say racial slurs to Chinese-Americans, telling them to go back to Korea. My point here is that we as Asian-Americans all had to suffer together because they just don't care what specific type of Asian we are. Vincent Chin made this argument a fact when he was murdered.  

The very first documented Asian-American was actually Filipino. But, the very first large migration of Asian-Americans were Chinese. They paved the way for all the rest of us. Since they first set foot in the United States, they were hated and vilified for no reason at all.  In the 1850s,  a legislative was passed that made Chinese men unable to testify in court, in 1862 California residents voted that all Chinese residents should be taxed for being Chinese, 1878 the United States Government revoked every Chinese immigrants citizenship as Americans even if they were born in the USA, they were also prohibited from getting married, and in California it was NOT illegal to assault a Chinese man, in 1882 all Chinese immigrants are banned from entering the USA. Most of these laws were not repealed until the 1940s!! 

Frequently, I walk around in Chinatown and see a "westerner"acting completely disrespectful and making racist jokes towards every little Chinese decoration in the plaza.  The reason they do this is because the Chinese people are too polite to them and allow them to do this. These "westerners" should thank God everyday that they didn't do that in a Vietnamese district like Westminster California, because I guarantee that some Vietnamese guy would have beaten the living crap out of them, abducted them, and brought them to the backroom of a Pho restaurant and force them to play Russian Roulette. Yeah, it's called "Russian" Roulette, but the Vietnamese are the only people who are Man enough to play it. 

All I ask, is that you treat the Chinese with some respect when you come here. You don't see Chinese people  come into stores like "EXTREME John Smith's HARDCORE Dirt bikes, Surfboards, and Skate Shop" and disrespect you guys.
- I have to give them credit for being the first (or very early) complexes to establish Chinatown in Las Vegas.
- Needs more parking since the place is so popular.  I come here mainly to ride the Vegas Express Bus (Chinese bus) between Vegas Chinatown and L.A. for $25 one-way.
- Compared to Cali any Chinese (or Vietnamese) business in Vegas is usually not as good whether it be 99 Ranch supermarket, Sam Woo's BBQ restaurant, dim sum, banh mi or pho.  Still, I think the quality and definitely the prices for Asian products and food is good considering we're in the middle of a Nevada desert.
My first time to Las Vegas Chnatown plaza after going to Vegas for so many years!  and after being here, I kinda understand why none of my friends mentioned this place...  It is not a TOWN, it is really a plaza..  some restaurants here and there, but I guess I probably wouldn't want to come all the way to Las Vegas from Cali. to have Chinese food!    Don't expect too much when you come here, except maybe some cheap meals...
My asian self just had to check this place out. I dragged our whole group out here just so that I can check it off of my yelp bookmarks (yeah, i'm THAT friend lol). At least it was easy to find! Just a few miles away from the strip and boom! -- we have arrived.

... to what I am not really sure. 

We might have gotten here quickly, but it was rather disappointing. Literally, a small shopping center with little to offer. And its not even like I am spoiled here-- I'm from LA  and our chinatown is kind of lame too. There were some similarities though that made me feel right at home; the cliche chinese store selling the meditation balls, fart bombs and back scratchers; the bakery that had your typical baos and the grouchy looking lady standing behind the counter; and the boba place-- oh wait, the boba placeS! There were quite a few in this plaza. So, if you're a boba fiend this place is your place to be! ...unless you're a boba fiend that can't make decisions quickly. If thats the case, you will be here for a while, you have at least five to take a pick from. I can't even tell you the name of the place I went for boba-- it was THAT good. meh meh.

Overall, this place is definitely worth a quick look if you were ever curious about Las Vegas' Chinatown. I'd come back and search for some dim sum next time. You know, thats if my friends ever let me live this yelp disappointment down. To them, this was not worth leaving their hot poker table or the dranks, oops!
I have been to the Plaza many times but this year was the first time I went for the New Year festivities on Sunday.  It was $3 to get into the vendors and the entertainment.  It was fun, but I didn't stay around the entertainment too long because it was a warm day and it meant a lot of standing in place which is never fun.

I did a walk around the vendors, got a free shirt and grocery bag from caesars Entertainment, won a paper umbrella by rolling some dice, found the Yelp table and bowed several time, and I looked at the assorted food vendors.  While it was a fun time, it's not something that would be on my radar as a yearly event.

I had a better time, as I have in the past, of just walking around the mall and looking at the menus of the various Asian restaurants and checking their ratings on Yelp do decide on future places to try when I'm in the area.  Since I often go to Las Vegas Little Theatre which is in Chinatown, I can do two things in the evening and enjoy some good food before dinner.
I did make a purchase.  I stopped in the Diamond Bakery, a place I've been to several times before.  

I do like the Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza.  Although small with many good places spread out to the west along Spring Mountain Road, this is still a fun place to walk around and soak up the sights.
As a shopping area, this can be a good place to find collective of Chinese stores from grocery to furniture and there are also tons of restaurants here too.  They were the landmark that spawned the rest of the Chinatown neighborhood, which made this place a bit old.  The cars can get a little crazy in the parking lot, and me being Asian did not add to the solution, which I recall one time speeding into a spot at 40~ mph here.

On the very south, they got a Chinese medicine store with dried seafood, and a Ranch 99 grocery store next to it.  The middle section has a mixture of stores and restaurants, places that sells boba tea and restaurants with mixed reviews.  North side has one yucky dim sum restaurant on the outside and an indoor area with many small stores including bookstore, bakeries, more boba teashop, and a cafeteria style restaurant in the center.  I think they also have a fishy looking massage upstairs...

Chinatown Plaza can be a great place to shop for Chinese culture items with the exception of Chinese food, since most the restaurants here are "meh" at best.  Other than that, they do make a decent touristy site.
I am Chinese, and have been to China, so I guess I should know..lol It has a good amount of variety. I could use better parking.
Good dim sum, great bubble teas, and a clean attentive foot spa with large rooms and flat screen TVs ... what more do you need?
Asian food in Vegas? Why would you do such a thing when there is all this 4-5 star restaurants? Well, a nice bowl of Pho is always nice after a long night of partying. Pho Kim Long is the one that I have always gone to, but there are many smaller pho places with much shorter wait time nearby. There is pretty much a little of every type of Asian food here. It has expanded from one plaza to many others. A pretty good selection if you want some Asian food at affordable prices. Now they just need to clean the area a bit. A nicer feel would go a long way.
This place has a variety of asian cuisine restaurants. what i like is it's not all fusion asian food. what i find strange is that, unlike in LA where there is a certian area for all thai food or korean food or taiwanese food. here, one restaurant may be taiwanese, next door is korean, next is thai...etc. so u got a mix of all asian ethnic foods in one central area. i guess that's fine if u want variety, but i like variety within one group depending what i feel like. just my personal preference.

large parking lot, has a 99 ranch market to get some food, there's a book store to buy some chinese magazines/newspaper
Really cool place.  Good food and fun shops.  I would reccommen visiting this place if you have not done so!
This is a fun excursion for those that live in Vegas or tourist looking for some interesting food or souvenirs.  We found some great- quirky gifts at great prices.  I will definitely return.
2.5 stars.  Just a little less than "A-ok"

There is a variety of shops and restaurants at Las Vegas Chinatown Plaza.  We've been to a few of the restaurants.  None of the restaurants have impressed us though.

The only place here that we consider a destination is No. 1 Boba Tea.  You cannot spot this place from the outside.  You have to enter the mall, and there you will find it hidden away.

All the other places inside Chinatown Plaza are just mediocre.  There are much better restaurants and bakeries to be found elsewhere on Spring Mountain Rd. in Las Vegas.
Pretty cool looking place.  Made to look like China.  But of course, it's Chinatown.  But you really don't come here to shop.  You come here to eat.  I guess it's a Kodak moment, so bring your camera, takes some cool shots, eat and leave.
I always like to check out Chinatowns in different cities. This is not a Chinatown like many of you, including myself, believe. There are not cute Asian shops with legit bakeries and hole in the wall places to visit. It is seriously like an Asian food plaza with Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese, and Japanese. I already had lunch so we just drove around the plaza to see what it had. I just saw restaurants and bakeries and it isnt much of a walking around place to visit. I say you come here for a meal and maybe grab a boba and bounce. You can easily find these restaurants and plaza back in the bay so this is hardly worth a visit. I bet a few restaurants are good but didnt get to try. The only good thing is that there is a Bank of America next to it so you can withdraw cash without being charged at the hotel atm...so you can end up losing it while gambling.